===== 2025 Q4  (2025-05-15 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Abbie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Take-Two Interactive Fourth Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the call over to Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2025, ended March 31, 2025. Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President, and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any Non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. We concluded our 2025 fiscal year with outstanding results, including fourth quarter net bookings of $1.58 billion, which was the top of our guidance range. Each of our labels contributed meaningfully to our performance. 2K posted a fantastic quarter, with the successful launches of Sid Meier’s Civilization VII, WWE 2K25, and PGA TOUR 2K25. NBA 2K delivered one of its strongest periods on-record, including recurrent consumer spending growth of 42%. Rockstar Games excelled once again, with the Grand Theft Auto and Red Dead Redemption series surpassing our forecasts; and Zynga continued to gain momentum, led by Match Factory, Toon Blast, and Rollic’s newest hit, Color Block Jam. We are providing our initial financial outlook for fiscal 2026, including net bookings of $5.9 billion to $6 billion, which represents 5% year-over-year growth at the midpoint of the range. This outlook assumes a continuation of our current positive trends, including healthy mobile performance and ongoing strength in NBA 2K, as well as the release of several eagerly anticipated titles, including Mafia: The Old Country and Borderlands 4. Rockstar expects to release Grand Theft Auto VI on May 26, 2026, which is in our fiscal year 2027. I believe affording Rockstar additional time for such a groundbreaking project is a worthy investment. Grand Theft Auto VI began development in earnest in 2020 following the massive success of Red Dead Redemption 2, and the title is now the most anticipated entertainment property of all time. Consumer anticipation is unprecedented, with Trailer 2's cross-platform debut last week shattering records to become the biggest video launch of all time, with over 475 million views in 24 hours. This follows Trailer 1’s record breaking debut of 93 million views in 24 hours on YouTube alone. Spotify streams of the track featured in the trailer, Hot Together, by the Pointer Sisters, surged by 182,000%, once again proving Rockstar’s ability to influence popular culture. The ambition and complexity of Grand Theft Auto VI is greater than any previous Rockstar title, and the team is poised to release another astonishing entertainment experience that will exceed players’ expectations. Now, I’ll share more specific highlights from the quarter. NBA 2K25 posted near record performance and exceeded our forecast. To date, the title has sold in nearly 10 million units, a 7% increase compared to NBA 2K24 during the same timeframe. Engagement grew significantly, with Daily Active Users, MyCAREER Daily Players, and Average Games Per User increasing 30%, 40%, and 80%, respectively. We are also pleased with the performance of our brand extensions for the franchise. NBA 2K25 Arcade Edition remains a top-five performing title on Apple Arcade; NBA 2K Online in China continues to hold its place as the number one PC sports game in the country; and our NBA 2K All-Stars mobile title, which we developed in partnership with Tencent and launched on March 25 is maintaining the number one spot on the iOS Sports Game Chart for both downloads and revenue in China. I’d like to thank Adam Silver of the NBA and Andre Iguodala of the NBA Players Association for their extraordinary partnership and support. 2K’s release of WWE 2K25 was met with great critical acclaim, including a score of 84 on Metacritic for Xbox Series X, an all-time high for the series on that platform. Visual Concepts introduced new features, including The Island, a highly immersive WWE themed world where players can explore, compete in live events, and earn rewards. Consumer appetite for the franchise is growing, with recurrent consumer spending up 20% during the quarter. This includes strong performance from WWE SuperCard, which achieved near record levels of net bookings in March. WWE 2K25 has been integrated regularly into WWE’s televised programming and was also a co-sponsor of last month’s spectacular WrestleMania 41. In addition, 2K is bringing WWE 2K to Switch 2 this summer as well as bringing WWE 2K to mobile devices this fall in partnership with Netflix. I’d like to thank Nick Khan and his team at TKO for their immense support as we raise the bar for excellence for our beloved wrestling franchise 2K and HB Studios successfully launched PGA TOUR 2K25, which earned a Metacritic score of 80 on PlayStation 5 and is generating significant recurrent consumer spending growth compared to the prior iteration. I’d like to thank our partners at PGA for helping us create another superb golf experience. During the period, 2K released Sid Meier's Civilization VII, the revolutionary new chapter in our esteemed strategy franchise. As stewards of the Civilization series, Firaxis Games strives to bring innovation with each new release. We are confident that the development team’s ongoing efforts to update key areas of the game will deliver outstanding results over the franchise’s typically long sales cycle. Our teams are pursuing opportunities to expand the audience, including the recent launch of Civilization VII VR for Meta Quest 3 and 3S, as well as the title’s upcoming release on Switch 2, which will offer new mouse controls for a highly intuitive gameplay experience. The Grand Theft Auto series once again exceeded our expectations, and to-date, GTA V has sold-in over 215 million units. Recurrent consumer spending outperformed our forecasts, growing 5% year-over-year, led by an array of new modes, rewards, and vehicles for GTA Online, as well as ongoing demand for GTA+ memberships. Rockstar Games continues to expand the possibilities for engagement with the series through ongoing development of its FiveM creator platform. Red Dead Redemption 2 also outperformed, with net bookings growing 23% over last year. Rockstar Games continues to support Red Dead Online with a series of rewards that engage their community further. Zynga overperformed during the period, and we are pleased that their momentum is continuing into Fiscal 2026. Peak delivered fantastic results. Match Factory exceeded our expectations, driven by first class live ops execution and the introduction of Mission Center, a limited time event that drove significant player engagement. Net bookings grew meaningfully over last quarter and the title is generating profits. Net bookings for Toon Blast grew 7% over last year, primarily due to the introduction of the Cannon Fest event. We are also thrilled that the title achieved its largest quarter of net bookings since Zynga acquired Peak in 2020. Rollic’s newest hit, Color Block Jam is scaling rapidly and is currently a top 10 downloaded game and among the top-grossing titles in the U.S. Apple App Store. In just four months of operation, the title has become profitable and is making an impressive contribution to our mobile net bookings. We are encouraged to see stabilization in Empires & Puzzles. Small Giant improved the title’s in-game economy to support faster player progression and developed fun new features based on player feedback, like Instant Power Summon, Hero Coach, and Visiting Outfitter. Zynga has numerous titles in development and soft launch that we are eager to bring to market worldwide. Our direct-to-consumer business delivered record performance, as our teams continue to launch new offers, events, and enhanced personalization, which are driving better conversion. While we have been implementing DTC in our titles for some time, we do believe there is an even greater opportunity to expand this highly accretive channel given recent court rulings. As we approach the three-year anniversary of our acquisition of Zynga, we are extremely pleased that the label has become an integral part of our company. Zynga’s core franchises are strong, and we are energized by the team’s unique ability to launch hits in a highly competitive mobile market, demonstrating further the effectiveness of their multi-studio approach and continued excellence in Live Ops. In closing, with a player first approach and a deep commitment to quality, we strive to create the best entertainment experiences for our global communities and to redefine our art form. As we bring our exciting lineup to market, including Grand Theft Auto VI in Fiscal 2027, we expect to achieve record levels of net bookings that will establish a new baseline for our business and set us on a path of enhanced profitability.
Nicole Shevins: I’ll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to thank our teams for another strong quarter, and for laying the groundwork for this exciting next chapter in our company’s history. As Strauss mentioned, we are extremely optimistic about our upcoming pipeline, which includes approximately 38 titles through fiscal 2028. During fiscal 2026, we plan to release 13 titles, including four within the immersive core category. This includes Mafia: The Old Country, which 2K and Hangar 13 will introduce on August 8. This linear, narrative driven game is a premium experience in the vein of early Mafia titles, set against the stunning, authentic backdrop of 1900 Sicily. Pre-orders are off to a strong start following the debut of the first official gameplay trailer at PAX East last week, and we’re excited for its upcoming launch. Additionally, 2K and Gearbox will launch Borderlands 4 on September 12. Last month, during the PlayStation State of Play, our teams shared an extended look at the action packed gameplay coming in the title. Players were treated to a first look at two of four new Vault Hunters as they tore a path through a secret black site in Terminus Range, showcasing the destructive power of an updated gear system. The Borderlands community reacted very positively, with the game trending on X, and becoming one of the most wish-listed games onSteam. 2K and Gearbox will also release Borderlands 4 for the Switch 2 in the future. And, as always, we will release the next iterations of our industry leading annual sports franchises, NBA 2K and WWE 2K. We also plan to bring to market five mobile titles this fiscal year, including WWE 2K for Netflix in the fall and we are launching four new iterations of prior releases, including the recent release of Civilization VII VR for Meta Quest 3 and 3S, as well as Civilization VII for Switch 2. Our labels will continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our key offerings. Looking ahead, we currently expect to deliver 25 titles throughout fiscal 2027 and 2028 including, 17 immersive core releases, including Grand Theft Auto VI and five sports simulation games; four mobile games; and four new iterations of previously released titles. In closing, we look forward to delivering our groundbreaking titles, which we believe will enable us to achieve a period of meaningful long-term growth and shareholder returns. I’ll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered an outstanding finish to fiscal 2025, with broad-based strength across our company. Throughout the year, we positioned our business for sustainable, long-term growth by releasing new hit titles and experiences across our labels; advancing the development of many key releases we plan to launch in the coming quarters; successfully acquiring Gearbox; and continuing to implement our previously announced cost reduction program. Through these actions, we are setting our business up for a strong multi-year period of growth and enhanced profitability, and I’d like to thank our teams for their passion and dedication. Turning to our results, we delivered fourth quarter net bookings of $1.58 billion, which was the top of our guidance range of $1.48 billion to $1.58 billion. This reflected better than expected performance from NBA 2K25; Zynga, led by Toon Blast, our hyper casual mobile portfolio, and Match Factory; the Red Dead Redemption series, and Grand Theft Auto Online. Recurrent consumer spending growth was phenomenal, increasing 14% over last year and accounting for 77% of net bookings. NBA 2K grew over 40%, while Grand Theft Auto Online and mobile both increased mid-single digits. All of these businesses greatly exceeded our forecasts. During the quarter, we launched Sid Meier’s Civilization 7, PGA TOUR 2K25, and WWE 2K25. GAAP net revenue increased 13% to $1.58 billion. Cost of revenue declined 16% to $779 million, primarily due to lower impairment of acquired intangibles in the current year, as well as timing of development credits. Operating expenses increased by 44% to $4.6 billion, due to an impairment expense of $3.6 billion related to goodwill and acquired intangible assets. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 3% year-over-year, which was above our guidance, due to higher development costs for titles not technologically feasible. For fiscal 2025, we achieved net bookings of $5.65 billion, which was also the top of our guidance range of $5.55 billion to $5.65 billion. Recurrent consumer spending exceeded our outlook, growing 7%, and accounted for 80% of net bookings. NBA 2K grew high-teens; mobile increased mid-single digits; and Grand Theft Auto Online declined modestly. Operating cash flow was an outflow of $45 million, compared to our forecast of an outflow of $200 million, due to timing of tax payments and lower development costs. We spent approximately $169 million on capital expenditures, which was above our forecast of $140 million, primarily due to higher game technology expenses. GAAP net revenue rose 5% to $5.63 billion, while cost of revenue decreased 17% to $2.6 billion, primarily due to lower impairment of acquired intangibles in the current year, as well as timing of development credits. Operating expenses increased 28% to $7.5 billion, due to the impairment charges that I mentioned previously that we recorded during our fourth quarter. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 11% year-over-year, slightly above our guidance, due to higher development costs for titles not technologically feasible. Today, we are providing our initial outlook for fiscal 2026. We project net bookings to range from $5.9 billion to $6 billion, which represents 5% growth over fiscal 2025 at the midpoint. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, Borderlands 4, Match Factory, Empires & Puzzles, Words With Friends, the Red Dead Redemption series, and Zynga Poker. We expect recurrent consumer spending to be flat compared to fiscal 2025, and to represent 76% of net bookings. Our recurrent consumer spending forecast assumes high-single digit growth for NBA 2K, and declines for mobile and Grand Theft Auto Online We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 45% Zynga, 39% 2K, and 16% Rockstar Games. We expect operating cash flow to be approximately $130 million, and we plan to deploy approximately $140 million of capital expenditures for game technology and office buildouts. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.95 billion to $6.05 billion and cost of revenue to range from $2.52 billion to $2.55 billion. Our total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.78 billion to $3.8 billion. On a management basis, we expect operating expense growth of approximately 3% year-over-year, which is largely due to higher marketing expenses. Now, moving onto our guidance for the fiscal first quarter: We project net bookings to range from $1.25 billion to $1.3 billion, compared to $1.22 billion in the first quarter last year. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, Color Block Jam, Match Factory, Empires & Puzzles, Words With Friends, the Red Dead Redemption series, and Zynga Poker. We project recurrent consumer spending to increase by approximately 7%, which assumes strong double-digit growth for NBA 2K; flat results for mobile; and a modest decline for Grand Theft Auto Online. Our release slate for the quarter includes two new offerings of Civilization 7, including its VR launch in April and its upcoming launch on Switch 2 in June. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion and cost of revenue to range from $544 million to $562 million. Operating expenses are planned to range from $908 million to $918 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 2% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher development costs. In closing, our core businesses are showing strength into fiscal 2026 and our long-term outlook continues to be positive. Fiscal 2027 represents a massive inflection point in our business that our teams have worked long and hard for; one that we believe will significantly enhance our multi-year financial profile. We are confident that this will be an exciting period for our many stakeholders from our colleagues to our players, industry partners, and shareholders and we appreciate all your support along the way. Thank you. I’ll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Carl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another outstanding year and for building an incredibly sound foundation, creatively, financially, and culturally as we enter this new inflection point for Take-Two's growth and continued success. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. Your line is open. We did lose connection with Mr. Creutz. We will move to our question, Eric Handler with ROTH Capital. Your line is open.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. First, I thought it was very interesting with all the industry discussion that's been going on about maybe prices for games going up to $80, you chose a different path with, with Mafia and doing a $50 or $60 price view. Can you maybe talk about what went into that decision? And do you see future, game releases sort of having a variable pricing along a wide range scale?
Strauss Zelnick: So, thanks, Eric. We've always had variable pricing. And the rubric, that we employ is one of delivering way more value to consumers than what we charge, that's our job. We aim to make the best entertainment on earth and bring that to all consumers wherever they are, and we need to deliver value in so doing. So that's really how we look at it. In the case of Mafia: The Old Country, we think it's extraordinary. It looks amazing, and we want to get it into as many hands as we possibly can. And I think our view is that if you create a huge hit and everyone wants it and everyone buys it, the revenue is going to take care of itself.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then as a follow-up with this for Lainie, maybe a little about counting. The $3.5 billion goodwill impairment, I assume was related to Zynga in some form. I know it's mainly accounting issues here, but is there anything structurally changing with Zynga?
Lainie Goldstein: Eric, we haven't discussed, which of our reporting units, the impairment was from, but it was a partial impairment of one of our units. And it's a result of updating long-term expectations and that's something that we are required to test, annually or whenever the indicators of the impairment arise. And this is something that we're going to be -- that we would do all the time, based on how our forecasts are updated.
Eric Handler: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Douglas Creutz with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Creutz: Hey. Sorry about that, I fat fingered my first attempt. Just looking at it from a high level, the last period of peak performance of your business, you were able to reach low to mid-20% operating margins in the wake of the success of Red Dead 2 and in the pandemic. Just wondering if anything about the business or the industry has changed structurally such that when your current pipeline reaches fruition, you would not be able to reach those margin levels again? Thank you.
Lainie Goldstein: There's no reason why we wouldn't be able to reach those margins. That is how we've been building the business and working on the cost reduction program and being more efficient, working to move to those margins as we build our scale. As we've mentioned, the gross margins are definitely hampered by the increase in the development costs for the titles, but we've been doing a lot of structural things within the business to offset those costs. And you'll see that in our expenses being reduced this year and seeing those margins coming down.
Doug Creutz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks. I appreciate the questions. I have a couple. I guess, first, the mobile segment performance looks impressive relative to the broader mobile gaming space. So hoping you could maybe drill down on that a bit in terms of what's working in this environment, that could be customer acquisition retention or game mechanics. And then, maybe some of the background of why the segment would necessarily be positioned to grow again this fiscal year? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: You're right. The mobile gaming segment is a challenging one broadly, creating new mobile hits is incredibly difficult. And I think right now, Zynga is the only company in the space that is regularly creating new native mobile hits, most recently with Match Factory!, and Color Block Jam, both of which are profitable already. So we feel really good about what's going on. How is that happening? It's happening because we have been clearly talented creative people incredibly talented publishing folks. And very specifically, the team at Peak and the team at Rollic are doing a great job, along with many other studios at Zynga.
Lainie Goldstein: And given the outstanding results that we saw from a lot of our top titles in fiscal 2025, some of those are mature titles that have been out for many years. We expect that there may be some moderation of trends for those titles in fiscal 2026, and that's what's affecting that business into next year.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Schoell with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Schoell: Great. Thank you. You mentioned a new baseline for the business on net bookings once GTA VI launches in fiscal '27. In the past, I know you pointed to $8 billion of annual bookings and over $1 billion of cash generation once the pipeline scaled. Appreciate there's been a number of shifts since that guidance was given, but is it fair that your long-term assumptions for the business haven't changed. And as you think about the sustainability of performance post GTA VI console release, can you help us think through some of the key drivers in your mind? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: I'll take a shot at it. However, we do issue annual guidance for a reason. The further away we are from the results, the harder it is to predict because things can change, whether that's internal or external. However, in terms of our -- both our hopes and our expectations, we're more optimistic than we were before, and that optimism is reflected in our expectations for net bookings and our expectations for free cash flow. We just, in the normal course, would not typically guide to those numbers this far in advance. We have said that we expect sequential growth for both fiscal '26 and '27. And the guidance we just gave, of course, in the absence of the release of Grand Theft Auto VI still reflects meaningful year-over-year top line growth and reflects a new record for net bookings for this company.
Chris Schoell: Got it. Thank you. And if I can just fit one more in. Going back to the first GTA VI trailer, I believe you saw a meaningful uplift in engagement and monetization for GTA Online with it. I appreciate it's early, but are you seeing similar uplift right now from the second trailer? And could that potentially drive some upside versus your expectations for declines at GTA Online in fiscal '26? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, remember, in the fourth quarter, actually, we saw better news than expected for GTA Online, Red Dead Online and GTA+. In aggregate, GTA Online and Red Dead Online were down a bit in the full fiscal year. In terms of your specific question about the trailer, too early to say whether there was an immediate result. Frankly, we're not super focused on one week or 10 day results. However, just as a reminder, and I think most everyone knows this, the trailer did set a record for views in its first 24 hours, 475 million. So essentially, once again, Rockstar Games broke the Internet and we feel really good about that and what that means for the upcoming release of GTA VI.
Chris Schoell: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Marok with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Andrew Marok: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first on the Nintendo Switch. So pretty exciting news with Borderlands 4 coming to the platform as well as Sid VII. So I guess as you've seen the reception and seen the technical specifications of that platform over the last little bit, how do you think -- what are the boundaries of the Switch as a partner, a distribution partner for you? Is it something where the entire take Take-Two line up is eligible or is it really just kind of an opportunistic thing for certain titles? And then I have a follow-up.
Strauss Zelnick: We're launching four titles with Nintendo Switch 2, and that's, I think, a bigger array of releases than we've ever offered before with the new Nintendo platform. Historically, being a third-party in the Nintendo business has been a bit challenging. I think Nintendo has been very forthcoming and addressing that and we're stepping up too because we have great optimism for the platform. In terms of what we would bring to any platform, we address it on a case-by-case basis. We obviously want to be where the consumers are. But we would not necessarily bring every title to very platform. They are also a great Catalog opportunities as well.
Andrew Marok: Understood. Thank you. And then maybe one on the mobile side. So Zynga, as you mentioned on a little bit of a role here. It seems like Match Factory! was one of the titles that kind of seems like an inflection point. So I guess, the question I would have is, how much of the Match Factory! playbook is instructive to future Zynga releases and current successes like Color Block Jam? And again, how much of that is kind of idiosyncratic to the title being launched? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: I think we learned from every release. We learn on the dev side, we learn on the marketing side up. Remember, Colored Block Jam came from a different studio than Match Factory!. Match Factory! came from Peak, Color Block Jam from Rollic. And I think Color Block Jam was really a reflection of an evolution of strategy at Rollic. However, all of our studios work together, that's the whole point of being one company. They have great creative independents. They do coordinate the share best practices than Zynga itself obviously shares best practices with Take-Two, other labels of Take-Two. And example of that is our consumer database, which has many hundreds of millions of consumer records that we are able to address legally, and we can make the consumer database available in certain instances, cost label when it makes sense. We think that gives us an enormous competitive advantage. Another competitive advantage in launching a mobile title, of course, is we have mobile customers. We can promote inside our ecosystem on a much more efficient basis than someone could outside of an ecosystem like ours. And there are very few companies that are close to as large as we are in the mobile space. None of that matters if you don't make something consumers want and that's the trick, that's what's hard, that's hard in mobile, it's hard in console. And it's hard in the entertainment business broadly but that's our job. Remember, our goal is to be the most creative, the most innovative, the most efficient company in the entertainment industry. All we care about around here is making big hits.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Cost: Hi, everybody. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess just starting out on NBA 2K. I mean another really strong quarter for that franchise, it's second in a row. I guess is there anything that you would call out that's driving that continued strength and even the acceleration versus what you saw last quarter? And then separately, on the mobile side, when you think about the impact with the recent court rulings have had on the direct-to-consumer opportunity. Will that allow you to execute the shift towards direct payment faster? Does it raise the ceiling long term? I mean how should we think about the financial impact of that? Thank you.
Karl Slatoff: So on the NBA side, look, I don't think there's anything specific that's been done in this quarter that would call out the performance of the NBA, which has been absolutely fantastic. I think it's more of a reflection on the ongoing strategy and the ongoing strength of this particular iteration. The team at 2K and Visual Concept put a significant effort every year. They put a significant effort into creating new innovations in the game, which is very tough to do when you're on a 12-month cycle. And particularly this year, the folks at 2K and Visual Concepts really listen to the consumer and focused on that core consumer on bringing back a lot of features that consumers are asking for or from the past, like, for example, the Auto House and the MyTEAM, excuse me, the MyTEAM mode, working on different like doubling mechanics, etc., all these things add up to make the game just better and better. And the focus is always on engagement, and that's where the growth has really been is that year-over-year this game has -- engagement has gone up. I mean the engagement in this particular quarter has just been fantastic. And that's with that regard to the increase of 7% in units year-over-year. So that relentless focus on quality is really what's driving that success. And I said specifically in the quarter, MyTEAM is having a fantastic quarter, so that helps a lot as well.
Strauss Zelnick: With regard to direct-to-consumer, we enter the direct-to-consumer business in mobile immediately upon closing the acquisition of Zynga, and it's become a significant and indeed material part of our business. Pretty much in just the way that we outlined in terms of the top line and bottom line effects. I've been saying for years that I expected the cost of third-party distribution to decline. We've also been saying for years that I believe the whole business would open up more than it has been. I do think the recent court rulings reflect movement in that direction, it is early. However, these are all positive signs for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe two-parter, if I could. In terms of the partnership with Netflix, what continues to be some of the key learnings from scaling games via Netflix as a distribution partner? And do you think there's any scale for Netflix to become an increased partner of transforming some of your gaming IP into more mainstream media IP for their video formats over the medium to long term? Thanks so much.
Karl Slatoff: So our partnership with Netflix has been fantastic. Obviously, the most attractive part of that is that, number one, they seem very serious about gaming and have shown that over and over at this point, which is great news for us and there are a lot of consumers. And when Netflix gets together and with the marketing power that they have with incredible content, which we've been able to offer, then you know that's going to be a great recipe for success. So we're very sanguine on that relationship. We've only done a few titles at this point. And -- but obviously, we think that there's an opportunity, again, on a game-by-game basis for us to continue to bring titles to the Netflix. I'm not announcing anything at this point, but we do believe that they're a terrific partner. In terms of other media, that's an area where we have done some deals in the past, and we are doing a BioShock movie with Netflix so we are looking at things like that opportunity. But I wouldn't say that's driving the partnership. That's sort of a nice to have not necessarily a must have for the partnership. But when you can bring that kind of synergy value to the table, obviously, that's always a strong consideration and a nice thing for us to do.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of James Heaney with Jefferies. Your line is open.
James Heaney: Great. Thanks guys for the questions. Just looking at your guidance for fiscal '26, can you talk through some of the puts and takes just on operating expenses for the year? Is it fair to say that we should just expect mobile marketing expense to remain elevated? And then just anything on GTA-related marketing cost for the second half? Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein: We expect operating expense growth of approximately 3% year-over-year, and that is largely due to higher marketing expenses, and that is for our current year marketing for our current year titles and for future titles. But we do expect to deliver operating expense leverage as our net bookings growth of 6% is planned to outpace our operating expense expansion.
James Heaney: Great. And then maybe just a quick one on your bookings guidance for fiscal '26. We did notice it as a more maybe narrow range than usual. So just interested to hear the reasoning behind that and what gives you conviction in a more narrow range? Thank you.
Lainie Goldstein: It's not a more narrow range than usual. I mean usually, for the full year, we gave a specific type of range on a quarter-by-quarter basis, it could be different, but it's not different than it usually is.
James Heaney: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Hickey with The Benchmark Company. Your line is open.
Michael Hickey: Hey, Strauss, Lainie, Karl, Nicole. Congrats guys on a quarter and a strong year. Just two questions from us. First on GTA VI, can you talk about sort of the record excitement you're seeing for the game? What you think is driving demand to record levels for this franchise? Obviously, it's one of the biggest franchises in the world, and how you're measuring this demand just besides trailer views? That's the first question. And then the second question was a follow-up on the software pricing. Microsoft, Nintendo both moving to 80, do you guys anticipate adopting this price point across any of your upcoming games and what is assumed in your guidance? Thanks, guys.
Strauss Zelnick: Hi Mike. Thanks for your questions. Look, why do I think GTA VI is so widely anticipated. First of all, I can't tell you how much I appreciate the tenor of the question. We all do. Look, Grand Theft Auto V is in the standard bar, not just for our company but for the industry since it was launched, it's not only survived through three console generations, it survived and here it is many years later and still the number one title since GTA V was sold in 215 million units and continues to sell and Grand Theft Auto Online, just had a phenomenal quarter, and GTA+ is doing great. So consumers are actively engaged with all things, Grand Theft Auto. This is an ongoing business and yet in terms of a new iteration, it's been some time. So there's enormous anticipation on the one hand. And on the other hand, it's still fresh, it's still in market. So everyone anticipates the next James Bond movie, but there's nothing in between. What you have in your head is what you saw the last time around. In this case, everyone anticipates the next generation of Grand Theft Auto and lots of people are currently engaged today with Grand Theft Auto today. So I think that's one sign. Obviously, 475 million trailer views within 24 hours tells you something. It's not just that, wow, that was a great trailer. It tells you something more than that. And we of course do market research around here. And the market research that we've done is pretty astonishing. But look, we're not in the business of claiming success until it happens. All we're focused on is making the best possible entertainment here, that's all that Rockstar is focusing on, that's our job. The rest will take care of itself. In terms of pricing, we obviously don't talk about specific pricing here. Pricing is set at the label level in the context of the individual release. We have had variable pricing here for a very long time. And as I said earlier in the call, we want to focus on value. We want to deliver way, way, way more value to a consumer than whatever that consumer pays, that's our job. We have to do that job and that's our focus, not on what the top line price is.
Michael Hickey: Thank you, Strauss. Good luck, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Pitz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brian Pitz: Yeah. Thanks for the question. On console price increases to the gaming ecosystem, any impact on your guide for this year? And if so, maybe help us size that impact? And then looking at the nearly $2 billion of software development cost on the balance sheet for capitalized in games and development, any color you could provide as to what percent is related to GTA VI versus other titles? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, our guide is for the next 10 months essentially, that's the part of the fiscal year that hasn't elapsed yet. And it's very difficult to predict where tariffs will land or given how things have bumped around so far. We feel reasonably confident that our guide wouldn't be meaningfully affected in less tariffs ran off in a very different direction than we currently expect. In any case, it's already a very substantial installed base for all of our target platforms except in Nintendo Switch 2 which just yet to be launched. And so we have, I think, enough insight that we wouldn't be meaningfully affected by any changes.
Lainie Goldstein: And for the balance sheet, the $2 billion of development cost, it really is supporting our extremely robust release schedule that we talked about for the next few years, and we don't discuss on a title-by-title basis.
Brian Pitz: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Martin Yang: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. One question is about internal royalties in the COGS breakdown. Can you maybe talk about the year-over-year and quarter-to-quarter increase, what drove that? Is that related to any milestone achieved Rockstar? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question? We had trouble understanding you.
Martin Yang: Sorry. I'm in a pretty noisy background. Can you talk about the internal royalties in the COGS breakdown, a good increase on a year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter basis, what drove that increase in internal royalties this quarter?
Lainie Goldstein: Internal royalties, the breakdown is driven by the product mix. So it changes from quarter-to-quarter and also by year-to-year based on mix of the business on the top line.
Martin Yang: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Strauss Zelnick for closing remarks.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first, as always, thank you for joining us today. Obviously, this was a good news meeting, and we're all super excited. All of the results that we have the pleasure of announcing here are driven by the many thousands of people who commit their professional lives to Take-Two and all of our affiliates and our incredibly hard working creative labels, and I want to express enormous appreciation for the work of our colleagues. That work is what delivers the results we just get to talk about them. I also want to thank our shareholders for their continued support. This is a great time for our company and a really exciting and challenging time in our industry and in the entertainment industry broadly. We're good at addressing challenges here. We like to address challenges. We think that the release schedule that we have coming to market is second to none, certainly second to none in our history and it's our job to deliver. We don't ever take credit for things that don't happen. A lot of what we talked about today is in the future, we know we have to buckle down every day and deliver the results. Arrogance is the enemy of continued success. So with, I hope, great humility we aim to deliver and over deliver. We thank you for listening today, and we thank you for your support.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q3  (2025-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. third quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during that time, simply press the star key followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one a second time. Thank you. And I would now like to turn the call over to Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 ended December 31, 2024. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.'s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Karl Slatoff, our President, and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP, and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at taketwogames.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: I'm pleased to report that we achieved solid results during the holiday season. Our net bookings of $1.37 billion were within our guidance range as significant outperformance in NBA 2K helped to offset moderation in some of our mobile franchises. At the same time, our operating results surpassed expectations led by the upside from NBA 2K, as well as a shift in timing of expenses that benefited the quarter. We're reiterating our fiscal 2025 net bookings guidance of $5.55 to $5.65 billion and our outlook for full-year operating performance. While third-quarter operating results exceeded expectations, we expect the fourth quarter to be affected by the continuation of current mobile trends as well as the shift of some operating expenses into the period. Looking ahead, this calendar year is shaping up to be one of the strongest ever for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc., as Sid Meier's Civilization VII launched in early access today with the official launch. We also plan to release Mafia: The Old Country in the summer, Grand Theft Auto VI in the fall, and Borderlands 4 before year-end. We also remain confident in Zynga's ability to create new mobile forever franchises. We're exceedingly optimistic about the commercial potential of our titles and believe it will have a transformative effect on our business and our industry over the long term. As we execute on our mission to create our industry's most innovative and engaging entertainment experiences, we remain highly confident that we'll achieve sequential increases in and record levels of net bookings in fiscal 2026 and 2027. Now turning to our business highlights from the period. NBA 2K delivered a phenomenal quarter, yielding significant upside to our forecast. To date, the title has sold in over 7 million units, and engagement was extremely strong compared to last year. We saw recurrent consumer spending up over 30%, daily active users up nearly 20%, and monthly active users up nearly 10%. With community-inspired enhancements to gameplay, major technological updates, and the addition of new game modes, the team at Visual Concepts has once again demonstrated innovation in this beloved series while also solidifying its position at the center of basketball culture. Additionally, 2K continues to expand our industry-leading basketball franchise with NBA 2K Arcade Edition, MyTeam, NBA 2K Mobile, and NBA 2K Online in China, all of which contributed to another highly successful quarter. The Grand Theft Auto series remains our industry standard bearer for excellence. To date, Grand Theft Auto V has sold in over 210 million units worldwide. GTA Online delivered a strong quarter led by its holiday update, Agents of Sabotage, which players praised for its depth, new upgrades, and array of content. Moreover, GTA Plus continues to grow its reach with membership for the quarter increasing 10% year-over-year. Rockstar Games continues to expand the audience for Red Dead Redemption. The title is currently enjoying its highest level of concurrent players on Steam. In addition, Red Dead Online engaged its audience further during the period with the release of the fan-favorite Halloween Pass, featuring seasonal-themed bonuses and rewards. Turning to mobile, recurrent consumer spending grew mid-single digits. While this was somewhat below our plan, we remain highly optimistic about Zynga's future. Tune Blast and Toy Blast both delivered double-digit growth, driven by engaging features including new event types, improved player profiles, and enhanced tuning. Match Factory is performing very well and remains on track to become Zynga's second-largest title by the end of this fiscal year in terms of net bookings. We'd like to thank the team at Peak for their strong execution and for creating one of the top-grossing titles in the puzzle genre. While Empires and Puzzles performed below our expectations in the quarter, we're confident in the future of this highly profitable forever franchise. Our team is launching new event types and corresponding heroes as well as increasing in-game rewards. Zynga continued to leverage the zeitgeist of pop culture and broadened its partnerships with leading entertainment brands and personalities, including Words With Friends with Bravo's Real Housewives, Zynga Poker with actor-comedian Rob Riggle, and PowerSlap with TKO. Our teams are growing our direct-to-consumer offerings and deploying key learnings across our portfolio. During the holiday season, we achieved strong double-digit D2C conversion in several major titles. We're taking action to maintain this momentum. We are confident in Zynga's continued ability to launch successful new titles as well as brand extensions for some of our console IP. In the quarters ahead, we look forward to launching new hit mobile experiences, including the latest installment of Zynga's highly successful racing franchise, CSR 3. In closing, we're forecasting calendar year 2025 to be an inflection point for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. From the groundbreaking release of Grand Theft Auto VI to the unmatched pipeline that 2K is set to deliver. As we introduce hit products to our passionate communities of fans, we're confident that we'll usher in a new period of growth and returns for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. Thanks, Strauss.
Karl Slatoff: I'd like to thank our teams for delivering another strong quarter and for continuing to captivate and engage our player communities with the highest quality entertainment. We are excited to bring to market several releases during the remainder of fiscal 2025. On February 11th, 2K and Firaxis Games will launch Sid Meier's Civilization VII, a highly anticipated revolutionary new chapter in our epic 4X strategy franchise. The reception for the game within the media has been very positive, including GameSpot, who said that its gameplay remains unrivaled and engaging for countless hours. Civ VII has already set a new franchise record for preorders, and player sentiment is extremely positive. With the title recognized as the most anticipated game of 2025 during the DC Gaming Show in December. We'd like to thank the entire Firaxis team for once again challenging players around the world to take one more turn in this beloved series that has engrossed players for more than thirty years. On February 28th, 2K and HB Studios will launch PGA Tour 2K25, the latest entry in our golf simulation franchise that will appeal to both casual and hardcore golf fans. The title features three of the major championships with their respective courses for the 2025 season, several franchise advancements, a more immersive and customizable MyCareer experience, and a robust suite of creation tools from leading equipment and apparel brands. In addition, fans can look forward to a diverse roster of pros at launch, including executive director and all-time great, Tiger Woods. On March 14th, 2K and Visual Concepts will launch WWE 2K25. Players on PS5 and Xbox Series X and S will enjoy the island, an all-new interactive and online WWE-themed world that provides an immersive experience where players can prove they're worthy of the attention of the tribal chief. WWE 2K25 will also include an all-new Bloodline theme showcase, new brawl environments, match types, and stipulations, and the largest ever roster with over 300 playable superstars. WWE 2K25 will be supported with a series of add-on packs that can be purchased individually or together as part of the season pass. In addition, 2K and Netflix are collaborating to bring WWE 2K exclusively to mobile devices this fall. Looking ahead, we are highly optimistic about our planned pipeline for fiscal 2026, which includes Grand Theft Auto VI launching this fall. This summer, 2K and Hangar 13 will transport players to the brutal underworld of 1900 Sicily in Mafia: The Old Country, which builds upon the legacy of 2K's popular organized crime franchise that has sold in more than 35 million units. Our announcement trailer received an outstanding response, and we expect the excitement to grow as 2K and Hangar 13 unveil more. 2K and Gearbox Software are creating something truly special with Borderlands 4, which promises to take the series' signature gameplay and storytelling to an all-new level. At the Game Awards, 2K and Gearbox revealed a new trailer which introduced the exciting new world of Kairos and a brand new villain, the Timekeeper. Borderlands 4 has quickly become one of this year's most anticipated games, and players can expect an incredible action-packed experience from Gearbox, the studio that created the looter shooter genre. In closing, we look forward to releasing these groundbreaking titles in the coming year that will set us in motion to deliver the strongest multiyear growth trajectory and pipeline in our company's history. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl. Good afternoon, everyone. We delivered solid third-quarter results led by the power of our diversified business. During the period, our teams brought innovation to our existing franchises, enhanced our relationships with our player communities, and made outstanding progress on our eagerly anticipated pipeline. I'd like to thank our teams for their disciplined execution and continued focus. Turning to our results. We achieved third-quarter net bookings of $1.37 billion, which was within our guidance range of $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion. We delivered outstanding performance in NBA 2K, which helped offset moderation experienced in some of our mobile franchises. Recurring consumer spending rose 9% over last year, which was in line with our guidance and accounted for 79% of net bookings. NBA 2K grew over 30%, which greatly surpassed our forecast by new features and innovation in our game modes. Mobile increased 6%, driven by the addition of Match Factory and strength in Tune Blast and Merge with Friends. However, this was below our guidance of low double-digit growth, primarily due to underperformance in our hyper-casual mobile portfolio and Empires and Puzzles, and as anticipated, Grand Theft Auto Online declined. GAAP net revenue was $1.36 billion and was flat to last year. While the cost of revenue declined 13% to $600 million, as the prior year included an impairment charge related to acquired intangibles. Operating expenses increased by 10% to $892 million. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 8% year-over-year. This was favorable to our forecast largely due to a shift in timing of expenses into the fourth quarter. This shift, along with the outperformance of NBA 2K, drove operating results that were above the high end of our guidance range. Turning to our outlook. I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. As Strauss mentioned, we are reiterating our net bookings outlook range of $5.55 to $5.65 billion, which represents 5% growth over fiscal 2024. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Tune Blast, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Match Factory, Empires and Puzzles, the Red Dead Redemption series, Sid Meier's Civilization VII, and Words With Friends. We're raising our recurring consumer spending forecast to 5% growth, which represents 78% of net bookings driven by the phenomenal performance we are experiencing in NBA 2K, which we now expect to grow low double digits. Mobile is now expected to grow low single digits as we are factoring in the current business trends. Grand Theft Auto Online is still expected to decline. We project the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 49% Zynga, 34% 2K, and 17% Rockstar Games. We forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. Non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow is expected to be an outflow of $150 million, which is unchanged from our prior forecast. And we remain on track to deploy approximately $140 million of capital expenditures, primarily for game technology and office build-outs. We continue to expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.57 billion to $5.67 billion. We now expect the cost of revenue to range from $2.41 to $2.44 billion. Total operating expenses are still expected to range from $3.77 to $3.79 billion, as compared to $5.83 billion last year. On a management basis, we expect operating expense growth of 10% year-over-year, which is unchanged from our prior guidance and is largely due to an increase in ongoing marketing support for Match Factory, as well as other mobile and immersive core launches planned for the year. The addition of Gearbox and higher personnel costs are partially offset by savings from our cost reduction program. Excluding incremental marketing and the addition of Gearbox, our operating expenses are expected to grow single digits over last year. As it relates to our operating performance, while our third-quarter results exceeded our expectations, we are maintaining our outlook for the fiscal year as we are factoring several dynamics, including strength in NBA 2K, offset by a continuation of the mobile trends we have been experiencing and the shift of some operating expenses into the fourth quarter. Now moving on to our guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.48 billion to $1.58 billion compared to $1.35 billion in the prior year. Our release slate for the quarter includes Sid Meier's Civilization VII, PGA Tour 2K25, and WWE 2K25. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Sid Meier's Civilization VII, Tune Blast, Match Factory, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Empires and Puzzles, WWE 2K25, and Words With Friends. We project recurring consumer spending to increase by approximately 3%, which assumes a high teens percentage increase for NBA 2K, partly offset by declines in both mobile and Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.52 to $1.62 billion. Operating expenses are planned to range from $900 to $920 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to decline approximately 2% year-over-year, which is primarily driven by a more normalized level of marketing for Match Factory as the title has now been in the market for over a year, as well as savings from our cost reduction efforts. In closing, we are forecasting a milestone year ahead of us, and we look forward to showing our fans and the global gaming community how our new titles can take our industry to another level of creativity. We are also optimistic that the chapter ahead will set us on a path to achieving new financial goals, including reaching a record level of scale, enhancing our profitability, and unlocking significant value for our shareholders. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question and answer session. If you have dialed in and would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad to raise your hand and join the queue. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one a second time. If you are called upon to ask your question and are listening via speakerphone on your device, please pick up your handset and ensure that your phone is not on mute when asking your question. Again, it is star one if you would like to join the queue. And your first question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Creutz: Hey. Thank you. When you originally bought Zynga a few years ago, part of the thesis was that you saw the potential for revenue synergies down the line, and I think most of us took that to mean marrying your existing IP to their mobile skill set. I know you're not gonna talk about specifics, but as you look out at the pipeline for the next few years, do you feel like you're getting closer to realizing some of those synergies? Is that something that is a key component of your optimistic outlook for the next few years? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. Actually, at the time, I was pretty clear that while bringing legacy core IP to mobile could be an opportunity, I also noted that the biggest hits in mobile are native to mobile. And there are precious few examples in the marketplace of very big mobile successes that are based on core game IP, Call of Duty Mobile being one of them. That said, we actually are working on some interesting projects that we have not announced yet, which we feel good about. What I did identify as an area of revenue synergies though has come to fruition, which is building our direct-to-consumer business inside our mobile business, which was a combined project between Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. and Zynga that we kicked off very early, and that has turned into a very significant business generating meaningful incremental contribution.
Doug Creutz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with Roth Capital. Your line is open.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I'm gonna keep it on the mobile side of things as well. You had said Match Factory was, I believe, gonna be either breakeven or profitable at the end of fiscal 2025. Is that still the case? I have a follow-up.
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. So Match Factory towards the end of the year is gonna start to turn profitable. You know, the title is doing extremely well. We're continuing to do a lot of marketing for the title. So it definitely is towards the very end of the year where it's turning profitable. But the game is continuing to do better and better as the game stays in the market.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then just broadly speaking with mobile, it did seem like there was some broad-based weakness just overall. Are you seeing this market becoming just more bifurcated, that you know, it's only the biggest games that are doing well now, and you have to keep spending a lot to keep those games doing well?
Strauss Zelnick: No. That's actually not the case. It's still a pretty broad-based business at Zynga. And it's one of the things that is so appealing. We think about our mobile business in the same way that our console business reflects the best collection of owned intellectual property in the industry. Our mobile business, I think, has the greatest sort of breadth of owned and licensed IP in the mobile business, which we think is protective on the downside and offers great opportunity on the upside. There are not the same kind of mobile tailwinds that the industry experienced up till mid-2022. Of course, 2022 was a down year, and then the industry slowly returned to growth. But the growth is still at a much lower rate than we would like, but it has yet, and I don't believe it will, turn into a kind of top-five business. There's still a lot of opportunity for the top fifty or a hundred or even two hundred titles to make a difference. You know, there's one other challenge in the business, which is, as you know, in the mobile business, unlike the console business, we and our competitors do not capitalize development costs even after technical feasibility. And your marketing expenses, of course, are currently written off as well, which is true for all of our businesses. But in the mobile business, you know, you spend a lot of money on UA with the belief and hope that it will come back to you in a subsequent period. We're very conservative in the way we do that, but nonetheless, that burdens our current results. So the more hits you have in mobile, the worse your current results can actually look for a period of time. And that's one of the things that we did see with Match Factory. As Lainie said, we expect that to turn, and we're gonna begin to benefit from that extraordinary hit in the coming periods. We also hope that we'll have other big hits coming on the mobile side. So it's a really good story for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. and its Zynga division. It's a somewhat less good story for the industry, and it is not an across-the-board great story for Zynga in that a couple of our legacy titles, most notably, Empires and Puzzles, have faced some challenges. But that's not an industry problem. That's a game problem. That is a problem that we're addressing, and we're already seeing some good news.
Eric Handler: That's helpful. Thanks, Strauss.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Marok with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Andrew Marok: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. One on NBA to start. Obviously, seeing some pretty good rebound there, no pun intended. But how much of that do you think is just kind of one, the comp effect, the gen eight transition issues that you had last year, and how much is just kind of an underlying resonant success with the NBA fan base?
Strauss Zelnick: So I think on the, certainly on the PC side of the business, it's a lot. It has to do with gen eight versus gen nine, and we're benefiting from that without question. But, honestly, the game is just continuing to innovate. And the quality is amazing. And the folks at 2K and Visual Concepts have year upon year proven that they've been able to come out with new modes, new innovations. Not everything works all the time, but this team is just they define what sports gaming is, and they define what innovation is. And I think there are enough design changes in this game that have really just accrued to our benefit. And we're really excited about that, and we still feel that we've got a lot of upside from where we are right now. So generally speaking, we're very pleased about the performance in NBA. We think there's a lot of greenfield in front of us. And the gen eight to gen nine piece was a bit of a headwind for us historically, but no longer.
Andrew Marok: Alright. Much appreciated. And then maybe one more kind of along those lines. But with your franchises that have bigger audiences but maybe take a little while between releases, thinking like Mafia and Borderlands, how does your approach to building excitement around those launches differ for franchises with faster release schedules? And how is the response to those two games been among their communities versus your hopes? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Look. I think we market everything as though it's a brand new title. We never sort of draft on prior success. And we also need to communicate to consumers that there's an element of what is tried and true and beloved and that there's an element of new. Which is, for example, what we always do in Civilization, but today it's early access day for Civ VII. And once again, the team at Firaxis has pushed the envelope. And, you know, it's mostly been really, really well received. It's also received a little bit of criticism too. So I think in all instances, we benefit by having a franchise that gives us a marketing umbrella, but we never rest on those laurels. We still have to be very engaged with our consumers to let them know what we have when it's coming, and that it's worth engaging with.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cory Carpenter with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Carpenter: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for the questions. Karl, could you just expand a bit on the NBA game changes the team has made that are resonating with the players beyond the gen eight to gen nine console change? And, Strauss, for you, now that we have more details on the Switch 2 that have been released and confirmed, just curious how you think about the opportunity to expand your relationship with them going forward. Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: I'm sorry. But take the second one first. Expand our relationship with whom?
Cory Carpenter: Oh, now that we have the details on Switch 2.
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry. I missed the Switch 2 part. Look, we've had a obviously, a long-standing relationship with Nintendo, and we've supported the platform when it made sense for the individual release. There was a time when Nintendo platforms were really geared at younger audiences, and that was reflected in our release schedule. And that, you know, now today with Switch and potentially with Switch 2, the Switch device can support any audience. And as you may have noted, Civ VII is available now on Switch. So while we have nothing specific to report, we actually would fully expect to support Switch. And Karl's gonna comment on your question regarding which elements of NBA 2K really have excited the consumers this time around?
Karl Slatoff: Sure. So we introduced a bucket of new features that were designed for the core players. And I think like the new shooting and dribbling mechanics, there's a new badge progression system that was very well received. A smaller city, which really concentrates the activities so you don't have to run around as much to get to the interesting things that players can do. There is a return of the old NBA 2K parks courts that people love. And there was also a full overhaul to the MyTeam mode. So quite a bit of innovation for us.
Strauss Zelnick: Okay. Thank you, we have another question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Heaney with Jefferies. Your line is open.
James Heaney: Okay. Great. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks for the question. Lainie, can you just talk about the right level of marketing spend needed to support the launches of your new titles? Soon before launches should we expect you to begin ramping up your marketing efforts, and how does that impact the ramp of expenses? Thank you.
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the marketing, it usually it's around the launch of the title, but in more recent years, it has spread a little bit further along, especially if there's an online environment or recurrent consumer spending with the title. So the title's budgets are usually around the same size as they were in the past. They really haven't gotten smaller. Even when we have titles that are new versions of previous releases, there's just so much importance in terms of marketing and getting people excited about the titles. And it's just usually different types of marketing. It's been in the past. So, there's a lot more digital marketing and marketing to our consumers and analytics and different ways of getting to our consumers than we have in the past. So it's usually a bigger amount at launch and then spread over a period of time, that the title's life cycle.
James Heaney: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from the line of Matthew Koss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Koss: Hey. Thanks everyone for taking the question. On the Netflix partnership for WWE, I'm just wondering how do you evaluate the attractiveness of those opportunities in terms of partnering with new distribution modes like Netflix, you know, and if those will become material or if they're more nice to have going forward and how you think them through, that's question one. The second question is just about some media reports in the past couple of months that you may have started using a new mediation partner for your ad inventory at Zynga. That you may have received the payment, I think, one of the articles said of $150 million to do that. Is that accurate? And if so, how and when would that payment be accounted for?
Strauss Zelnick: I'll take the first question and Lainie will take the second. We have numerous distribution partners in the business, and we have a great relationship with Netflix in particular, and we'll evaluate an opportunity primarily to see if it benefits our consumers. We want to be where our consumers are. We're not precious or religious about limiting them to a particular platform. Or, for example, even our own platform, we have an opportunity for consumers to come directly to a store that one of our labels has. Or obviously to work through the app stores to work through third parties. We have physical distribution. And we've also worked with subscription services, and we've worked with Netflix before. In every instance, there are obviously economics related to the particular opportunity, and we try to tailor the opportunity to the consumers who we're trying to reach.
Lainie Goldstein: So when it comes to the mediation, I'll take the question about mediation. Yeah. So in terms of the economics of the deal, you know, we haven't given any detail on, you know, what they were around this deal. But when we do account for things like that, it is usually spread along with the value of the overall deal to the organization.
Matthew Koss: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Schoell with UBS.
Chris Schoell: Great. Thank you. Lainie, I recognize in recent years you've been investing ahead of the new pipeline, and as we start to see the benefit of these immersive core titles coming to market, can you just revisit how you're thinking about cash flow generation relative to the guidance you had given historically? And alongside this ramp, how are you thinking about capital allocation and the options you have available to you? Thank you.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So when we think about going forward in the next couple of years and the strong cash flow that we expect to generate from our pipeline, our capital allocation plan is definitely to include paying down some of our debt over the next couple of years. But we also have a lot of acquisition opportunities available to us. So it's possible that if we make some acquisitions, the timing of the capital allocation plans could be adjusted based on that. So I think there's a lot of things that are big opportunities for us going forward. And, you know, all of that will be available to us.
Chris Schoell: Great. Thank you. And if I can just send in one more. With Civ VII launching, can you just help us think through the uplift you're factoring into your guidance? And how does that expectation compare to prior to franchise? Thank you.
Lainie Goldstein: So if you're referring to next year, we're in the middle of our budgeting process right now, so we're not providing any guidance. We do expect to give that out during our May call. But with that said, we're really excited about the pipeline that's forecast to release next year and also that's released in this quarter. And as we've mentioned, we remain highly confident that we'll achieve sequential increases in record levels of net bookings in fiscal 2026 and 2027.
Chris Schoell: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Hickey with Benchmark. Your line is open.
Michael Hickey: Hey, guys. Strauss, Karl, Lainie, Nicole. Nice quarter. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two from us. Curious on your fiscal 2026 pipeline to three games, are you reaffirming launch and timing expectations, or is this more of a continuation of the previously provided slate? With updates to come from your studios as new information becomes available. And the second question is on Project Ethos. It looks like Michael's now gone from 31st Union. So just curious how leadership is transitioning within the studio. And how this impacts the future of the game. Thanks, guys.
Strauss Zelnick: So on the first point, yes, we did today reaffirm our schedule through the remainder of the calendar year. I think we're pretty clear about that. And regarding 31st Union and Project Ethos, we are super grateful to Michael for the great work he did in bringing this project to us and spearheading it and getting it to the stage that it's at. He's going to continue in his advisory role, and for that, we're also grateful. The transition leadership will be provided by a combination of 31st Union and 2K executives. And we feel highly confident that we're gonna deliver a great project over time, and we remain fully committed to Ethos. We're still really excited about it.
Michael Hickey: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a very simple question. The $1.9 billion that sits on the balance sheet for capitalized software, should we look at that as sort of the apples to apples in terms of your accounting policy versus where you were five years ago, or is there some change in accounting that would cause that number to be large? I'm just trying to get a sense of it. Should investors look at that as indicative of potentially the quality or number of games that are gonna unspool onto the income statement over the next couple of years?
Lainie Goldstein: No. Nothing has changed in terms of our policies. That's the capitalized software for the games that have been put up on the balance sheet based on the technological feasibility of those titles. And they'll get amortized as those titles release over the lifetime of those titles.
Jason Bazinet: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Omar Dessouky: Hi. Thanks. So glad to see GTA VI reaffirmed for a fall 2025 launch. I wanted to ask, you know, how much of the total number of fans that have ever touched GTA and have brand awareness of GTA could potentially be reactivated once this GTA VI launch actually happens? I gather that there is a much smaller percentage of those fans that today are highly engaged, you know, but with the launch of GTA VI, it will become an intergenerational franchise, the first title having been released around the year 2000. So I could very easily see a dad playing GTA with his son after having not played the game for a couple of decades. So do you have a sense, you know, of relative to the current base of players that's highly engaged, what the base of lapsed players that may potentially come back could be? Like, is it one times as big, twice as big? Any kind of framework there to help us think about this launch would be great.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I appreciate the question and the sort of the sentiment underlying the question. It sort of falls into the category of how high is up, and I decline to ever predict that. We believe that arrogance is the enemy of continued success. We run scared. We're looking over our shoulder. Our competitors are not asleep. And so what do we do about that? Try to be the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient company in the entertainment industry. And Rockstar Games, in particular, seeks perfection in everything they do. And we believe that if we do that right, and we focus on delivering for consumers, that's our best opportunity to succeed. To answer your question mathematically, it's pretty interesting if you look at GTA V because that title crossed three console generations and still remains a best-selling title having sold in over 210 million units. GTA Online, now over ten years old, still has enormous ongoing engagement. So there's certainly evidence that if you give consumers what they want, they will show up for it and they will stick around loyally for a very long time. Equally, we have enormous respect for how hard that is to do. With regard to the upcoming release of GTA VI, obviously, this is a console release. We know what the current and next-gen console installed base looks like. So, you know, there's the broad universe of console owners to look at, and that is something to be mindful of. At the same time, we don't spend a lot of time looking at sort of attach rates, which I think is basically the question you're posing. Because it'll take care of itself if we do a great job. Now, are we aware of who our consumers are, and do we know how to market to them and target them? We do. We have an extraordinary corporate consumer database with, I think, nearly a billion records in it. We observe, of course, all privacy regulations, but we are able to market to a significant portion of that database. So we are mindful of who's been engaged with GTA and GTA Online previously. We're mindful of those who we believe will be interested in the title going forward, and we can tailor our marketing accordingly. But we genuinely don't spend a lot of time thinking about, well, is this gonna be, you know, x number of units or y number of units? Because that doesn't change anything that we can do. We focus on what we can affect, and we let the outcomes take care of themselves. And I'm sorry. I said a million consumer records. I meant a billion.
Omar Dessouky: Thank you for your response. I was only off by three digits. So, yeah.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Clay Griffin: Great. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Strauss, I'd love to get your impression of the momentum of the Roblox app platform. You talked about, hey, we'll be wherever our consumers are. You know, is that do you view that as a substitute product? And what's your vision? What would have to happen for you guys to develop content for that platform? Is it a viable destination for the type of content that Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. produces?
Strauss Zelnick: Look. Roblox is a combination of a platform and a collection of games, user-generated games largely. And I understand that they market themselves as a platform. However, from our point of view, you know, it is a competitive situation. So while I wouldn't rule anything out, it's hard to imagine that we would see Roblox as a destination for a Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. labels game. But, again, if there's a reason for us to be there, then we would contemplate it.
Clay Griffin: Understood. And then just maybe turning back to NBA 2K. I know I've assumed that you're aware of kind of mid-quarter slip that happened at your competitor's live service. You know, and credit to the team at Visual Concepts for a great product, but it does seem that we're seeing kind of small-ish changes to these live services are driving bigger results than what we're used to kind of inter-quarter. I wonder if that's your impression. I know it's like as you add complexity, perhaps maybe we're all losing a little bit of visibility. Is that your impression, or is that it's just a function of NBA 2K executing at a really high level versus maybe some mistakes elsewhere?
Karl Slatoff: Yeah. I mean, I really can't speak to competitors and the decisions that they've made, but certainly it's very important in these types of live services games that the development of the game and the actual monetization piece of the game are hand in hand, and you really can't have one without the other. And one thing that we've learned over the years is that the most important thing about developing particularly for sports games that you can't have massive innovation year over year. And you have a significant live services component, is that engagement is everything. And the more the consumer engages, the more, ultimately, that you're gonna be able to benefit from the economics of the business. So for us, it's not we don't necessarily look at the business about tweaking the economy. Of course, we do that. But the idea is really more focus of the team's marketing and development is to increase engagement, and that's all about the quality and the execution. It's very it the tweaking of the economy does never is the leading factor. It's always about engagement and quality experience. And I think if you stray from that, that's when I think you run into trouble.
Clay Griffin: Totally understand that, Karl. I just I think, you know, I was maybe referring to kind of tweaks and actual gameplay. You mentioned some of the improvements that were made at NBA 2K seem, you know, I wouldn't call them, you know, massive changes, but it had an outsized effect. And it sounds like we saw the opposite of your competitor. And so the question is, like, are you starting to see that as a general rule where perhaps maybe you're losing some visibility maybe even internally, for some of these live services inter-quarter?
Strauss Zelnick: I'm gonna take that. No. I don't feel that way. I think we are utterly focused on trying to present the very best possible experience. Sometimes we fall a bit short in certain areas. Sometimes we miss the boat a little bit. Of our competitors as well, but I think the focus remains intense on every part of the experience.
Clay Griffin: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And that concludes our question and answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Strauss Zelnick for closing remarks.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first, thank you for attending, and I'd like to apologize to all of you for our technical difficulties today. Hopefully, the message came across despite that because the message is a powerful one. We had a solid quarter, for which we're very grateful, and we have what we believe is an extraordinary release schedule through the rest of the calendar year. And of course, our expectations are very rosy indeed for fiscal 2026 and 2027, where we expect sequential increases in net bookings, and we expect to set new financial records. All of that is a reflection of what our creative and business teams do every day, which is to seek excellence in everything they do. And none of us could be more proud than we are of those teams and their commitment, their loyalty to this enterprise. And we are so grateful. So I just want to say thank you to all of my many thousands of colleagues around the world, many of whom are listening right now. Thank you for your fine work. I'd also like to thank our shareholders for your support over these many years. We aim to continue to deliver and hopefully to over-deliver going forward. So thank you all.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we’re about to begin. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Bo [ph] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Take-Two Interactive Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now at this time, I'll turn things over to Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 ended September 30, 2024. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we delivered strong second quarter results. Our net bookings of $1.47 billion were at the top end of our guidance range, driven by the continued success of the Grand Theft Auto and Borderlands franchises. And our operating results surpassed our plans, largely due to a shift in the timing of marketing expenses within the year. We're reiterating our fiscal 2025 net bookings guidance range of $5.55 billion to $5.65 billion and we remain confident that we'll achieve sequential increases and record levels of net bookings in fiscal 2026 and 2027. Now turning to our business highlights from the quarter. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V outperformed our expectations and to date, the title has sold more than 205 million units worldwide. Grand Theft Auto Online also exceeded our plans, driven by sustained engagement with the summer content pack Bottom Dollar Bounties and an array of updates, including the new multistage Assault on ATT-16 [ph] mode and experience improvements such as a new anti-cheat system for the PC version of Grand Theft Auto Online. Momentum also continued within GTA+, as Rockstar grew its membership by 35% over last year and added the classic title Bully to the library of available games. Red Dead Redemption 2 posted another fantastic quarter. The title has sold more than 67 million units to date and 6 years after its release, still ranks in the top 10 for unit sales globally according to GSD. Rockstar Games was pleased to expand its audience further with the successful launch of Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare for PC on October 29. On September 6, 2K and Visual Concepts launched NBA 2K25 which scored among the highest ratings on new gen consoles in recent franchise history. Our teams continue to raise the bar for excellence with the addition of 9,000 new pro play animations that provide increased authenticity and all-new dribble engine, representing the biggest technological update in the series' 26-year history and a more interactive and engaging experience in The City. To date, the title has sold in nearly 4.5 million units and achieved phenomenal recurrent consumer spending performance. Compared to NBA 2K24 for the same period last year, NBA 2K25 delivered meaningful double-digit growth in average revenue per user and 40% growth in average gains per user. I'd like to congratulate 2K and Visual Concepts for another stellar launch in our industry-leading NBA franchise. Our catalog also outperformed, led by our immensely popular Borderlands franchise. Now that Gearbox has officially joined the 2K and Take-Two family, we're eager to capitalize on the many potential growth opportunities for Borderlands, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands and other Gearbox titles. Zynga delivered another quarter of solid results. Match Factory! is scaling rapidly and is on track to become Zynga's second largest title by the end of this year in terms of projected annual net bookings. The title grew approximately 16% over last quarter, driven by its engaging gameplay, including the recent Star Race Bold B [ph] and our strategic investments in user acquisition. Toon Blast is maintaining its fantastic path of growth, with net bookings increasing more than 50% over last year as our teams deploy highly engaging new features, including new single player and team-based events and social challenges. We're also achieving great results as we apply our learnings to other games in Zynga's portfolio, including Toy Blast. Our blended monetization efforts in hypercasual are advancing well. In particular, Screw Jam remains a top 50 game in the U.S. App Lab store. We're encouraged by the net bookings and profitability milestones that the title is reached and we're optimistic about it going forward. Nordeus released the highly anticipated 2025 edition of our popular soccer manager game, Top Eleven. Backed by a month-long marketing campaign, the release generated positive sentiment around the community which helped solidify the largest in-app purchase spending per active user in the game's 14-year history. During the quarter, Zynga launched Game of Thrones: Legends and we remain excited about the label's future mobile launches, including CSR 3 Street Car Racing. We continue to expand our offerings within our highly accretive direct-to-consumer business. With our current success and new titles on the horizon, we're confident in the future outlook of our mobile business. In closing, we believe that Take-Two remains exceedingly well positioned for the balance of this fiscal year and for the long term. Our vision is clear, our talent is unparalleled and we have 1 of the strongest portfolios of owned intellectual property in our industry. As we release our pipeline, including many of our industry's most highly anticipated sequels, we expect to deliver leading returns for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to thank our teams for consistently executing against our strategy and for positioning our company to deliver the strongest anticipated growth trajectory and multiyear pipeline in our history. Turning to our recent releases and announced games in development. On February 11, 2K and Firaxis Games will launch Sid Meier's Civilization VII, the highly anticipated revolutionary new chapter in our Epic 4X strategy game franchise. 2K has been promoting the title across many key activations, including a developer panel at PacWest and PAX Australia [ph], various community live streams, a first look video series and developer diaries. Firaxis recently revealed details about their partnership with Ashani Tribe featuring Leader Takumsa [ph], who appears as a playable character. We can't wait for Sid fans around the world to take 1 more turn and enjoy what promises to be the best title in the series' 33-year history. Later this fiscal year, Visual Concepts will launch WWE 2K25 which promises to take our successful pro wrestling franchise to new heights. 2K will have more to share about the game in the coming months. Looking ahead, we expect fiscal 2026 to be a milestone year as we plan to release several blockbuster titles, including Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto VI in the fall of 2025, Borderlands 4 and Mafia: The Old Country. The latter 2 were unveiled by 2K this past summer at Gamescom, with each announcement featuring a game trailer that received a tremendous reception from their dedicated communities of fans. Rockstar Games also plans to bring the much requested PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series features of GTA Online to the PC platform in the new year. In addition, we recently made the strategic decision to sell our private division label to focus our resources on growing our core and mobile businesses for the long term. As part of this transaction, the buyer purchased our rights to substantially all of private division's live and unreleased titles. Take-Two will continue to support No Rest for the Wicked which launched in Early Access on PC in April. We are grateful for the contributions that private division team has made to our company and are confident that they will continue to achieve success in their new home. In closing, our teams are hard at work on the strongest and most diverse line-up in our company's history. As we deliver exciting new hits and pursue new business opportunities, we believe that we will achieve sustainable profitable growth and shareholder returns. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl and good afternoon, everyone. We achieved another consecutive quarter of strong results, led by our diversified portfolio of industry-leading intellectual properties. During the period, we delivered exciting new offerings and continued to make great progress advancing our development pipeline which reinforces our confidence in our outlook for this year and our multiyear growth trajectory. I'd like to thank our teams for their consistent execution and unwavering focus on creativity, innovation and efficiency. Turning to our results; we delivered second quarter net bookings of $1.47 billion which was at the top of our guidance range of $1.42 billion to $1.47 billion, driven by the strength of the Grand Theft Auto and Borderlands franchises. Recurrent consumer spending rose 6% for the period which was slightly above our guidance of 5% and accounted for 81% of net bookings. Mobile increased high single digits, driven by the addition of Match Factory! and strong growth in Toon Blast which was partially offset by declines in our hypercasual mobile portfolio and Empires & Puzzles. NBA 2K grew low single digits, while Grand Theft Auto Online was relatively flat. During the quarter, we launched NBA 2K25 and Game of Thrones: Legends. GAAP net revenue increased 4% to $1.35 billion, while cost of revenue declined 29% to $625 million, as the prior year included an impairment charge related to acquired intangibles. Operating expenses increased by 7% to $1 billion. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 24% year-over-year. This was favorable to our forecast, largely due to a shift in timing of marketing expense within the year and drove operating results that were above our prior guidance range. Turning to our guidance; I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. Our business is performing well. And as Strauss mentioned, we are reiterating our net bookings outlook range of $5.55 billion to $5.65 billion which represents 5% growth over fiscal 2024. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, our hypercasual mobile portfolio, Match Factory!, Empires & Puzzles, the Red Dead Redemption series, Sid Meier's Civilization VII and Words With Friends. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow approximately 4%, representing 78% of net bookings. This is up slightly from our prior forecast of 3%, driven by NBA 2K. Our recurrent consumer spending forecast continues to assume a high single-digit increase for mobile, driven by Match Factory! and Toon Blast, partially offset by declines in our hypercasual, mobile portfolio and Empires & Puzzles. NBA 2K is expected to grow low single digits which is up from our prior forecast of flat, while Grand Theft Auto Online is still expected to decline. We project a net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 51% Zynga, 32% 2K and 17% Rockstar Games. And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. Non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow is expected to be an outflow of $150 million which is unchanged from our prior forecast. And we remain on track to deploy approximately $140 million of capital expenditures, primarily for game technology and office build-outs. We continue to expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.57 billion to $5.67 billion, while we now expect cost of revenue to range from $2.4 billion to $2.42 billion. Total operating expenses are now expected to range from $3.77 billion to $3.79 billion as compared to $5.83 billion last year. On a management basis, we continue to expect operating expense growth of approximately 10% year-over-year. This is largely due to an increase in ongoing marketing support for Match Factory! as well as other mobile and immersive core launches planned for the year, the addition of Gearbox and higher personnel costs, partially offset by savings from our cost reduction program. Excluding incremental marketing and the addition of Gearbox, our operating expenses are expected to grow low single digits over last year. Now, moving on to our guidance for the fiscal third quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion compared to $1.34 billion in the prior year. Our release slate for the quarter includes Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare for PC which launched last week. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, our hypercasual mobile portfolio, Match Factory!, Empires & Puzzles, the Red Dead Redemption Series, Words With Friends and Merge Dragons! We project recurrent consumer spending to increase by approximately 9% which assumes a low double-digit increase for mobile, driven by the addition of Match Factory! and growth in Toon Blast, partially offset by declines in our hypercasual mobile portfolio and Empires & Puzzles. We expect an increase for NBA 2K and a decline for Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.36 billion to $1.41 billion. Operating expenses are planned to range from $913 million to $923 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 11% year-over-year which is primarily driven by additional marketing for Match Factory! and the addition of Gearbox, partially offset by savings from our cost reduction program. In closing, there are many exciting upcoming catalysts that we believe will enable our company to achieve new record levels of net bookings performance. As we expand our product offerings and grow our scale we expect to deliver strong operating leverage and robust shareholder value. I'd like to thank you all for your support and look forward to sharing more details on our ground-breaking pipeline in the coming months. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another consecutive quarter of outstanding results that embody our core tenets of creativity, innovation and efficiency. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first this afternoon to Doug Creutz at TD Cowen.
Doug Creutz: Back in May, you had talked about having 7 core titles for the year. And we've got about 5 months to go and I think we've got line of sight on 4 that have either been already launched or we have clear dates on. Those other 3, are they still in the software line-up for the year? Or perhaps they've been moved out? And what kind of impact does that have on your overall guidance?
Lainie Goldstein: Labels will provide more detail on the upcoming titles when they're ready to do so. Also keep in mind that while we provided our pipeline expectations for fiscal '25 in May, we do not update our release expectations unless there is a financial reason to do so.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Eric Handler of ROTH Capital.
Eric Handler: If you could focus in on mobile a little bit. How much of the growth do you say is specific to your 2 titles that are just doing absolutely great right now? How are you seeing the mobile industry in general doing? Do you feel like there's a lift going on, broadly speaking, that's helping as well as just sort of the strength of the games that you have?
Karl Slatoff: So generally speaking, I would say we're obviously really excited about the performance of Match Factory! and also Toon Blast as well. And we are seeing -- that is -- that contributed significantly to our growth in the mobile space. It's not the only contributor but that is certainly a big part of it at this point. In terms of the mobile industry, we're feeling pretty sanguine about things right now. One of the most -- I think 1 of the things that we appreciate the most is that consumers are actually rewarding people for taking risk and releasing new titles that are compelling and engaging. And we're fortunate enough to have 1 of those titles. And hopefully -- and if not more than one. And we're really excited about new titles that are coming out that we've -- some that we've announced and some of that we haven't. We always say that new IP is the lifeblood of the industry. And I think our commitment to investing in new IP is really serving us well. So I would say that's the biggest change in the mobile industry over the last couple of years. And it's not just with us, it's also across the entire industry as well. We've seen some other big hits in the market. It's very gratifying to see that at this point. What was the second -- the last part of the question? I think there was something at the end you asked there. What was that?
Eric Handler: No, no. It was just about what you're seeing and how you're seeing the industry in general. I wonder if you could just talk about your thoughts on mobile advertising? And with user acquisition, what are you seeing there? And at this point, do you keep using Chartboost or do you need more than just what Chartboost can offer?
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of -- you're talking about on the customer acquisition side, not on the monetization side, correct?
Eric Handler: Correct.
Karl Slatoff: Okay. Yes. So look, we've always used more than Chartboost. So I'd say working with third parties is something that we have done and will continue to do in the future. We don't -- we would never rely just on one and we'd like to spread our business across several. So it's really -- it's not just 1 specific strategy. It's a combination of both; including also our enormous internal database. We are, I would say, a little bit less reliant on third parties than some other of our competitors just based on the fact that we've got such a broad portfolio of mobile games and such an enormous database across all of those games.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Colin Sebastian at Baird.
Colin Sebastian: I guess a couple of high-level questions for me as well. We've been seeing this trend towards consolidating market share among a fewer number of publishers and games. Obviously, including Take-Two. But there are structural shifts underway in the industry in terms of cost of game development, maybe even changing distribution. So I'd be curious to hear maybe your thoughts of if those forces could perhaps unlock more development, more new IP? Or is it more about optimizing what you already have in terms of core franchises?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, this business is beginning to mature. And emphasis on the beginning. This is going to be the fastest growing part of the entertainment business for some time to come. But in the early stages of maturation, it shouldn't be surprising first that quality standards increase. Consumers always want higher-quality products. And that the big and good get bigger and better and the bad and small get worse and smaller. And that's just the history of the entertainment business. We're obviously proud of how we've done and we have grown meaningfully in the past 18 years, mostly organically until the acquisition of Zynga in 2022. And obviously, that was a big inorganic step forward as well. Today, we find ourselves the number 2 pure play in the industry worldwide and we think we're incredibly well positioned going forward, first because of our strategy of trying to be the most creative, innovative and efficient company in the entertainment business. And secondly, because we have this extraordinarily diverse portfolio that covers all bases in the interactive entertainment industry, driven by owned intellectual property. In fact, we're pretty sure we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business. We think that's a recipe for success. If we get it right, our earnings power should enable us to grow further. And what we've always said is we've used our capital first to support organic growth; secondly, selectively to support accretive inorganic growth. And third, to return capital to the shareholders on favorable terms. And I expect that we'll continue to try to do that. Does that mean life gets harder? Yes, it's harder and harder to make big hits. And we're so grateful to our creative teams because that's exactly what they focus on every day. We get to do the easy stuff like talk to you all. They have to do the hard stuff which is make the hits that drive this industry. That gets harder all the time but it's a challenge that we accept with enthusiasm because it's what drives all of us, even those of us around this table who don't actually make video games day-to-day. And that's our focus; that's the purpose of this enterprise. The purpose of the enterprise is to serve consumers with the best possible entertainment. Will that become harder, more complex, more expensive despite advances in technology, notably generative AI? Yes, that's the history of the entertainment business. But if you get right, the opportunity is extraordinary and we're trying really hard to get it right.
Colin Sebastian: Got it. That's a very helpful perspective. Thanks, Strauss. One quick housekeeping question. The improvement in GTA performance versus being down in Q1, is that timing around the summer? Or I guess, late summer release packs? Or is that sort of more of a broad-based improvement?
Lainie Goldstein: I think it's more broad based. The title has been doing extremely well. The engagement is there and strong. We're seeing that coming out of Q2 and we expect to see that through the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Andrew Marok of Raymond James.
Andrew Marok: We see a lot of content now coming in fiscal '26 with the announcement of Mafia and Borderlands in addition to GTA VI. So with the commentary about record net bookings results in fiscal '26 and '27, just wondering if there's any sort of color or visibility you can give into kind of those assumptions built into '27 to see growth off of what's already quite a busy content slate in '26?
Strauss Zelnick: So let me get this straight. This used to be a company where we didn't mention anything till 4 months before releasing. Now I'm being asked -- why can't I have some insight into fiscal 2027? I mean, I don't remember what I had for breakfast this morning. So I think the answer is -- we're really excited about the pipeline. And by giving the color that we've given on fiscal '27, we're making the point that this pipeline is going to be robust and is going to be durable and we take those statements seriously. But no, on this call, I will not be announcing our pipeline for more than 2.5 years from now.
Andrew Marok: Well, much appreciated. But maybe a smaller question that -- that can get a little bit more granular in the near term here. So saw the addition of that paid gravity ball mode in NBA 2K this year. Seems like a little bit of a new offering, maybe bigger than a micro transaction but smaller than an expansion or a DLC. With what you've seen in gravity ball so far, like how are you thinking about that sort of paid game mode concept in other franchises across the portfolio?
Strauss Zelnick: I mentioned our 3-part strategy and the middle part being innovation and I'm really proud that Visual Concepts and 2K decided to innovate with Gravity Ball, most importantly, creatively. And then secondarily, as a matter of business model. And we've already learned a lot. It's a great little mini game, really terrific. And I think consumers really like it. It's too early to say that, okay, our future is paid mini games inside bigger platform type games. But I think it's a reflection of the fact that our creative teams are open-minded and we're willing to try new things and aren't being precious about the IP that they create. To the contrary, they know consumers want to have fun with it and so they equally need to have fun with it. So it's an exciting development; probably too early to call it a trend.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Cory Carpenter with JPMorgan.
Cory Carpenter: Hoping you could elaborate a bit on your decision to sell Private Division. And then Lainie, for you, just any color you can give us in terms of how you expect this to impact the P&L?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, it's always hard to part with friends and colleagues. That's actually the hardest thing that we have to do occasionally. And we're really impressed with what Michael Morris [ph] and the team built in Private Division. They brought on board and launched a number of titles over the past several years. And virtually all of them worked out and a couple of them were pretty big breakouts. At the same time, it became clear that our thesis which is work with independent developers, bring them into this independently minded division and perhaps create new, huge durable intellectual properties for the company was going to be challenging at best because the title is though big, were not big in the context of our core intellectual properties at 2K and Rockstar. And our job really is to focus on making the biggest and best hits for the marketplace. We don't -- we're not the long tail of a company. We are top 10 hit makers around here. That's who we are on the console side. That's where we are in the mobile side. And that is the core of any mature entertainment business, being a top 10 player. Those are the companies that matter, those are the companies that grow, those are the companies with operating margins. So that's what we need to focus on, that became clear. We're really thrilled that we found a great home for Private Division.
Cory Carpenter: And Lainie, any comments on the digital P&L impact from that?
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So the P&L impact this year is immaterial to the bottom line. There's a little bit of effect on the net bookings but we were able to offset that by the strength of the NBA franchise.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Ed Alter at Jefferies.
Ed Alter: NBA 2K this year got significantly better reviews. But I heard you guys say it looks like it's sold $4.5 million which is flat year-over-year. How does -- for an annual title like that, how does higher review scores translate to sales in RCS, in your view?
Karl Slatoff: Well, I agree. It's always -- it's nice that you noticed the higher review scores and the team at Visual Concepts and 2K worked very hard to put improvements into the game, not only bringing new modes and new opportunities into a new content to the game but also bringing back some beloved modes that were not in previous positions. So they did work very hard to make sure that they deliver the most engaging experience. And we're seeing that. Engagement on a player basis is up significantly over the last game, as well as RCS, recurrent consumer spending. And that's a reflection of when people get into the game, they love it. They engage and ultimately, that leads to monetization. So I think really, the reflection on the scores is a reflection of engagement and that's what we're seeing and we are seeing those economic improvements. In terms of sort of unit sale comparisons, et cetera, it's easy to focus on those things but we also have -- obviously, bringing the game to Gen 9 on the PC had a significant positive impact for us on the PC version. But we still are dealing with the dynamic of the Gen 9 console business is certainly growing but we're still being hurt not at the same rate as the Gen 8 is declining. We obviously expect that that's going to reverse at one point in the future as Gen 9 continues to take a foothold and people have more and more reasons to move from Gen 8 to Gen 9.
Ed Alter: Yes, great. And just on the hypercasual games, it looks like they're doing incredible. How much of that is from kind of direct revenue that was in the ads monetization strategy? And how much of that is incremental from this new strategy on hypercasual and our purchases?
Karl Slatoff: So it's both. And we have said before that there's 2 things that are going on in our hyper hybrid casual businesses. One where obviously, we have been focusing on profitability and that's been putting some downward pressure on revenues in general. But the other component is on -- this business has traditionally been almost 100% advertising. That's not the case anymore. We've got games. Screw Jam is a perfect example of games where we're actually having significant success in-app purchases. And that's a reflection of the fact that these games are lasting for a longer period of time and they're more engaging than they have in the past. So whether it's in our purchase or advertising, we're sort of indifferent. We'll take the revenue any way that we can get it. But what you're really seeing is a combination of both. And again, that there is game by game. Not every game is going to have in-app purchases but more and more, you see that happening.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Benjamin Soff, Deutsche Bank.
Benjamin Soff: Yes, thanks for the question. I wanted to ask about Borderlands. Can you please break out the contribution from the film? And did you see the benefit to game sales from the film? And would you expect to maybe look at doing that a little bit more in the future, bringing more of your IP to movies or shows? And then for Lainie, I wanted to ask about the shift in timing from ticketing expenses. Is there anything you can add as far as color there?
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. With regard to Borderlands, we don't really need to break out the contribution from the film because while it was economically positive, it wasn't material to our results. Even though the film was disappointing, it actually benefited our catalog sales. So that is a sign that making a movie or a television show based on our very high-quality IP can drive catalog sales and that can be a good thing. All that said, we're really selective. And one of the reasons we have been so selective about licensing is we would really prefer that everything that comes out with our brands in it is really, really successful. And we can't guarantee that, especially when it's out of our hands. So we have licensed other titles, we'll continue selectively [indiscernible], emphasis on the word selectively.
Lainie Goldstein: And the marketing expenses in Q2, that moved out due to timing. It was a combination of some of our release titles and some unreleased titles, but all within the year.
Operator: We'll go next now to Mike Hickey of Benchmark.
Mike Hickey: Strauss, Karl, Lainie, Nicole, congrats on the quarter, guys. Just curious on the new consoles coming to the market. We've got the Pro and the Switch to -- just broadly speaking, wondering your thoughts there? And if you see a commercial opportunity, I guess, from some of your catalog games, whether it's enhanced or special edition for the PS5 Pro. And if you think a Switch 2 is going to be a more viable platform than what we had with the Switch 1 for your our game portfolio? And I have a follow-up.
Strauss Zelnick: We don't tend to comment meaningfully on the decisions of the hardware makers. Except to say that successful platforms benefit the business and we support successful platforms and we're happy to do so. We don't have any product announcements to make. We don't make those announcements on these calls, as you know, Mike. And with regard to Switch, my view was never count Nintendo out.
Mike Hickey: Fair enough. The -- I guess, the next question on Project Eagle [ph]. You've got some feedback from the market. Curious, how you're sort of taking that feedback and thinking about maybe reshaping or the impact it's had on development of that game and maybe the release timing?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, I couldn't be more proud than I am with the team of 31st Union and what they brought to market and consumers embraced Ethos and really enjoyed the play test and we were thrilled to see it in market. The whole point of a play test is to get feedback and to engage the community and helping us make the best possible experience. And I know Michael Condrey and the whole team, we're enthused about that feedback and found it really, really useful. So we're off to a great start and it's more to come.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Arthur Chu of Bank of America.
Arthur Chu: This is Arthur on for Omar. So it's good to see double-digit growth in average revenue per gamer for NBA. Would you expect the improvement in average monetization to be a greater driver of future growth for this particular franchise as compared to, for example, user growth? And I guess, how should we think about some of the different drivers of monetization improvements going forward?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we're optimistic about user growth as well as spending per user and they're driven by the same thing which is quality. So the quality of the game, the quality of the end game experiences that lead to recurrent consumer spending. As big as this title has been, we still think there's a whole lot more ground to cover and the NBA is making big strides internationally and obviously made new broadcast deals that are very robust. There's every reason to believe that this is a huge growth business going forward and we're thrilled to be in business with the NBA and the NBA Players Association. They are superb partners and support us all the time to the best of their abilities and then some and we see the results. We keep making a better and better game every year and the team at Visual Concepts is trying to do just that, then we'll be rewarded with a bigger footprint. And within that footprint, bigger engagement and that will lead to more profitable revenue.
Operator: We'll go next now to Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two, if I could. First, just following up on the last question. Obviously, moving beyond just NBA broadly, any updated views about the way you're thinking about the intersection between sports and gaming as a long-term opportunity and that whether that would be an area where incremental capital and incremental investment in the business to grow the IP portfolio over the longer term based on what you were seeing in the market? And then, I know we spoke earlier on the call about the consumer landscape. But in the last year, we've spoken about whether the consumer was receptive or not to new IP as opposed to legacy IP? Have you seen any shifts in consumer behavior with respect to openness to experiment with newer titles as opposed to more legacy titles that might inform some of how you position IP going forward?
Strauss Zelnick: I want to make sure I understood your first question. You were asking whether you think there's an opportunity for us to go our sports portfolio?
Eric Sheridan: Yes. Why they're in the sports portfolio broadly, Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: That's what I thought. And the answer is sorted because the biggest sports are obviously, baseball, football, basketball and soccer. And we do have other sports entertainment titles, for example, WWE which is a really important title for us. We have our golf game which is a phenomenal game. We have a tennis game. We have lots of other titles in the past. We've done boxing and we've done hockey and we've done baseball. But it's the Big 4 that really matter and that's a pretty competitive space. And we're very respectful of how hard it is to compete in those areas as people are where we dominate. So I think there's some selective opportunity. But the footprint is big enough now and the growth opportunities are great enough now that even working on what we have gives us plenty to do with plenty of opportunity, leveed by great optimism. In terms of your question about new intellectual property, we're different than a lot of other big companies. It's tempting for a big company to rest on its laurels. We have a lot of intellectual property. We know that if we put out a sequel, it's a lower-risk proposition than new intellectual property. But everything degrades. And even though most of our franchise equals tend to do better than the prior release and we're really proud of that because that's not standard for the industry. The truth is there is this thing called decay and entropy. And it's a feature of physics and human life and everything that exists on earth. And so ultimately, everything does decay, including hit titles. So if we're not trying new things and making new intellectual property, we're -- to say that we're resting on our laurels really understates it. We're really running the risk of burning the furniture to heat the house. And that doesn't end well. So we do it, even though it doesn't always succeed. The good news is, like, frankly, our hit ratios are really high for this industry. And they are also high in mobile, thanks to our mobile team led by Frank Gibeau and the recent hits in our mobile division are pretty stellar. So we have Match Factory! from Peak [ph]. Toon Blast is not new but it's a huge sort of revitalized success, also from Peak [ph]. And then many other titles that have great success with Top 11 from Nordeus, and with Screw Jam from Rollic. So we have teams delivering new hits all the time in mobile and in console. We're really proud of that. It does mean the risk profile is higher. It does mean that when we get it wrong and we will get wrong now and then, we take a hit and that affects our operating margins. But in the fullness of time, it's 1 of the key ways to create durable value. And to be clear, if we have not been willing to create new intellectual property when we showed up here 18 years ago when the risk profile of this enterprise was vastly greater than it is today, well, then none of us would be sitting here today and you wouldn't be listening to this call. That's just the fact.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Clay Griffin with MoffetNathanson.
Clay Griffin: I'm curious, you guys are talking about how Gen 8 been sort of pro and con in a sense that it's a long-lived installed base. But harder to execute on some of the things that your teams want to do. And I'm curious as we roll the tape forward into fiscal '26 and '27 when some of your key marquee properties are coming out which I'm sure will be ground-breaking in many respects. Curious if the bifurcation of the Xbox platform becomes a challenge and what the teams are doing to deal with that?
Strauss Zelnick: You mean a challenge because Xbox isn't performing as well as PlayStation? Just so I can understand the question.
Clay Griffin: Well, just that Series S is by design, a lower specked console. And presumably, GTA VI will push a lot of boundaries technically, I would suspect.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Look, we support the platforms where the consumers are for as long as they're there and we find a way to support platforms despite different levels of tech. Our labels are really good at that. I'm not really worried. I've never worried about where hardware was going. And I've said this many times over the years because, first of all, I don't worry about things over which I have 0 control. And secondly, because I do believe in the audience. The audience is going to show up if you have great properties. And so we just have to make sure to be on an array of platforms. And if 1 platform diminishes in value, there's always another one. So we're seeing great growth in PC right now, for example. And I have been able to view that open formats would continue to grow. PC is an open format. I do think PC will continue to be a more and more important part of the console business going forward. And that isn't complicated for us to support at all. So the bottom line is, we are selective about which platforms we support. We make the tech work when we can make it work as long as the audience is big enough to make that worthwhile.
Clay Griffin: That makes sense. And to that end, I guess, Strauss, maybe update us on the possibility. I know it's a U.S. jurisdictional issue only on a limited basis but just kind of what you're seeing on the Android side from kind of a proper cable third-party app store development, what that might look like over the next couple of years?
Strauss Zelnick: I'm sorry, I want to make sure I understand. You're talking about take rates? Or are you talking -- are you talking about the economics or you're talking about the tech?
Clay Griffin: All of the above. Just your initial thoughts about the potential of having a more vibrant third-party alternative app store in Android, even though the...
Strauss Zelnick: That would be good news for us. We support virtually all retailers. We are not beholden only to our own outlets, although we do have our own outlets and that's proven for mobile to be very effective indeed as margin building. But we support all commerce. We won't be where the consumer is. And on the economic side, I have been a believer that take rates, distribution costs will continue to decline. There's a lot of evidence that will be the case. We're not counting on it. It's not in our numbers but we do believe in it.
Operator: We go next now to Chris Schoell at UBS.
Chris Schoell: Lainie, using the midpoint of your guidance range, I believe, implies an acceleration in bookings growth in fiscal 4Q. Can you just help us think through the drivers there? I recognize Civilization is launching but any other drivers you're willing to flag at this stage? And then Strauss, Netflix called out that they learned how big existing games like Grand Theft Auto can be on the platform. Now that you've had some time to digest, what learnings do you take away from that partnership? And I recognize the deal is small overall but do you see the opportunity to scale such efforts and license other IP going forward?
Lainie Goldstein: So for Q4, yes, you're right. We have Civ 7 releasing. We also have our PGA title releasing in the quarter, and their WWE title. And last year, we only had our WWE title, so that's a big difference between this year and last year and it's also a reason why we have more new releases in Q4 which is why there's a bigger quarter in Q4 than Q3.
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, what was the second question? I just -- if you don't mind repeating the second question.
Chris Schoell: Sure. Netflix called out that they learned how big existing games like Grand Theft Auto can be. Just -- now that you've had some time to digest, do you see the opportunity to scale these efforts? And what plans do you have for maybe other IP and licensing in similar ways?
Strauss Zelnick: So we've shown a willingness to license to many other platforms, both because we thought there were good businesses or because they were friends and we wanted to support them or because we thought it was an interesting experiment. And we wouldn't talk publicly about upcoming deals until they're ready to be announced. And then typically, they would, of course, be announced by our labels. But we think very, very highly of Netflix. We value the relationship with them greatly. I think it is pretty important for them to offer a robust array of audio-visual entertainment to their subscribers. And that definition has to include interactive entertainment. And we think we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business. So no surprise that we're in business with them and we hope to do more business with them.
Chris Schoell: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And seeing as there's no further questions at this time. Mr. Zelnick, I'd like to turn things back to you, sir, for any closing comments.
Strauss Zelnick: I want to thank our creative colleagues at our labels who make the hits that we have the great pleasure of talking about in meetings like this. I want to thank all of our publishing folks who do a great job at marketing. Our distribution team which is unparalleled. And of course, our corporate team is represented -- who's represented here today. We're thrilled with our results but we know that this is just the beginning of an amazing few years ahead of us. And we're excited to be able to share that news with you today. Thank you for joining us. Thanks for your support and happy holidays. And it's early but a happy new year to all. We’ll talk after the New Year.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Zelnick. Again, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's Take-Two Interactive second quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Again, thanks so much for joining us, everyone and we wish you all a great day. Goodbye.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce to you, Nicole Shevins, SVP of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. 
 Thank you, Nicole. You may begin. 
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 ended June 30, 2024. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook or contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that fiscal year 2025 is off to a solid start. Our first quarter net bookings of $1.2 billion were in line with our expectations, and our management team remains highly confident in our path forward. We're reiterating our net bookings outlook for the year. As we release our groundbreaking pipeline, we expect to achieve tremendous growth, including sequential increases in net bookings in fiscal 2026 and 2027. I'd like to thank our talented teams across our labels for their boundless passion, hard work and dedication to our mission. 
 Now turning to our business highlights from the quarter. The Grand Theft Auto series exceeded our expectations as momentum continues to build ahead of the launch of Grand Theft Auto VI in fall of 2025. Unit sales for Grand Theft Auto V continue to grow. And to date, the title has sold in over 200 million units. Grand Theft Auto Online also surpassed our projections, led by its summer content pack, Bottom Dollar Bounties, which launched June 25. The audience for Rockstar's premium membership service GTA Plus, grew strong double digits over last year, with Rockstar Games offering its members an array of valuable benefits that range from enhancing the in-game experience to providing access to their classic titles, including the recent addition of [ LNR ].
 We're pleased with the performance of Red Dead Redemption 2, which is sold in more than 65 million units to date. In addition, Red Dead Online continued to engage its audience during the period with new monthly bonuses and free outfits inspired by top content creators within the Red Dead community. 
 NBA 2K24 delivered a solid quarter and to date has sold in close to 11 million units. Engagement remains strong with users playing more frequently and participating in more games compared to NBA 2K23 for the same period last year. The franchise continues to expand its audience through several innovative mobile experiences, including NBA 2K24 MyTEAM, a free-to-play card-collecting experience that has been downloaded nearly 3 million times since its launch in February. Moreover, NBA 2K24 Arcade edition continues to enjoy a huge success on Apple Arcade and is consistently a top 2 game on the service. 
 WWE 2K24, which launched at the end of fiscal 2024 has continued to grow its audience and enhance its profitability. Our teams have driven meaningful engagement through the release of several content packs with more on the way. To date, players have logged 27 million hours of gameplay across more than 200 million matches, featuring a series-high roster of over 300 past and present superstars.
 On April 4, 2K and Cat Daddy Games released NFL 2K Playmakers, a new free-to-play mobile title that allows fans to collect NFL player cards and assemble an exciting roster of offensive, defensive, and special teams. We're proud to add NFL 2K Playmakers to our ever-expanding mobile portfolio in partnership with the NFL and the NFL Players Association. 
 On April 26, 2K and Hangar 13 launched TopSpin 2K25, marking the return of our popular Tennis franchise after a 13-year hiatus. The title was well received by critics and fans alike, who praised its authentic tennis experience, deep personalization and legendary venues. 2K is supporting TopSpin with a series of center core passes that feature iconic courts, brands and tournaments. 
 During the period, we added to the caliber of our world-class development teams with our acquisition of Gearbox Entertainment. We're thrilled to welcome Randy Pitchford and his studio to the Take-Two and 2K family. We've identified many potential growth opportunities for the Borderlands series and Gearbox's catalog. In addition, tomorrow marks the box office to view of the Star-Studded Borderlands feature film from Lions Gate and we hope that audiences will enjoy experiencing the series Vibrant and character-driven world on the big screen. 
 Zynga delivered another solid quarter, including phenomenal performance at peak. Match Factory! is scaling quickly and has established itself as one of Zynga's largest contributors to net bookings. The title is responding well to our investment and user acquisition, reflected in net bookings growth of more than 50% over last quarter. We believe that there are even more growth opportunities ahead as we add new features and updates.
 Toon Blast delivered strong year-over-year growth for the third consecutive quarter. As the title celebrates its seventh anniversary this month, we're pleased that this has become a top 10 grossing game in the U.S. Apple App store this quarter and has achieved more than $2.5 billion in lifetime gross bookings. On June 4, Zynga and  Lucasfilm Games launched Star Wars: Hunters, the label's first ever cross-platform title, which is available for free on the Nintendo Switch and iOS and Android devices. Expanding the iconic Star Wars universe with new locations and characters, the competitive battle arena game received a tremendous amount of fanfare from the media and audiences around the globe. Players can look forward to additional content offerings coming soon. 
 Our blended monetization efforts in hypercasual are progressing well at Rollic, which cross $3.6 billion all-time downloads. Fan favor titles Screw Jam and Twisted Tangle, both performed well this quarter, becoming top 50 and top 100 grossing games, respectively, in the U.S. Apple app store. Our direct-to-consumer business continues to grow, and our teams are working actively to add more titles each quarter to this highly accretive owned distribution channel.
 Looking ahead, Zynga has numerous titles in development and soft launch, including the latest installment in their popular racing franchise CSR Racing 3. 
 In closing, I believe that our talented creative teams and owned portfolio of iconic entertainment franchises are driving both the consistent performance of our company and our potential to achieve unprecedented levels of multiyear growth as we focus on our strategic priorities and embody our core tenets of creativity, innovation and efficiency. I'm confident that we'll set new benchmarks for our industry and deliver strong returns for our shareholders. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to thank our teams for continuing to deliver immersive and engaging entertainment experiences that are strengthening the foundation for our long-term success. 
 Turning to our recent releases and announced offerings for the current year. On July 25, Zynga launched a new puzzle RPG title, Game of Thrones: Legends, which invites players to journey through the magical land of Westeros featuring characters, lower and storylines from HBO's popular Game of Thrones and House of the Dragon franchises. The game marked the exciting return of Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated actor, Kit Harington to the franchise, who also started in a marketing campaign set in the title Immersive World. Player reception has been positive, with the title entering the top 10 in the overall free games category on the U.S. Apple App Store and on Google Play in the U.S. 
 2K and Visual Concepts will once again set new standards of excellence and realism for basketball in our industry with the launch of NBA 2K25. The title officially launches on September 6 and we are excited to offer fans that have preordered the game the ability to play up to 2 days early. Players will be able to forge a dynasty in my career and compete in the new, MyTEAM modes. Those on Gen 9 platforms will experience an added sixth era in my NBA, a more dense and interactive city and the chance to cement their got status in the W. We are thrilled that Visual Concepts will release the Gen 9 version of NBA 2K25 for PC, which will provide our passionate community access to our series most advanced gameplay and stunning graphics. 2k will have more details to share about the game leading up to its launch. 
 In addition, Visual Concepts is currently developing WWE 2K25 which promises to take our successful pro wrestling franchise to new heights when it launches later this fiscal year. Later this month, 2K for Access games will reveal more details about the eagerly anticipated launch of Sid Meier's Civilization VII, a revolutionary new chapter in our Epic strategy video game franchise. In this 4x strategy game, hires can establish their civilization and construct cities and architectural wonders to expand their territory, conquer or cooperate with rival civilization and explore the far reaches of the unknown world. We can't wait for Sid fans around the world to enjoy what promises to be the best title in the series 30-year history. 
 We also successfully launched a mobile civilization game in China through our partnership with Tencent and are pleased that the title hit #1 on iOS and Android stores at launch. 
 In closing, as we continue to execute upon our strategy, we believe that there are many opportunities that will enable us to deliver a period of significant margin expansion, long-term growth and shareholder returns for Take-Two. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. We achieved solid first quarter results by engaging our players with exciting new game releases and content updates, while maintaining our focus on efficiency. We continue to have great confidence in our ability to deliver a multiyear period of growth. Our core franchises remain healthy. Our teams are hard at work on the most ambitious development pipeline in our company's history, and we remain focused on new growth opportunities to enhance our business model and financial profile. I'd like to thank our teams for enabling us to captivate millions of players every day and for their unwavering support to our long-term vision. 
 Turning to our results. We delivered first quarter net bookings of $1.22 billion, which was in line with our guidance range of $1.2 billion to $1.25 billion. Recurrent consumer spending was flat for the period and accounted for 83% of net bookings. Mobile increased mid-single digits, driven by the addition of Match Factory! and growth in Toon Blast which was partially offset by declines in our hyper casual mobile portfolio and Empires & Puzzles. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K were both down. During the quarter, we launched TopSpin 2K25, Rest for the Wicked on Early Access for PC, NFL 2K Playmakers and Star Wars: Hunters. 
 GAAP net revenue increased 4% to $1.34 billion while cost of revenue declined 6% to $567 million and operating expenses increased by 8% to $956 million. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 12% year-over-year which was better than our forecast due to lower R&D and marketing costs. 
 Turning to our guidance. I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. Our business is performing well. And as Strauss mentioned, we are reiterating our net bookings outlook range of $5.55 billion to $5.65 billion, which represents 5% growth over fiscal 2024. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, our hypercasual mobile portfolio, Match Factory!, Empire & Puzzles, the Red Dead Redemption series, Sid Meier's Civilization VII and Words With Friends. 
 We continue to expect recurrent consumer spending growth of approximately 3%, representing 77% of net bookings. Our recurrent consumer spending forecast assumes a high single-digit increase for mobile driven by Match Factory! and Toon Blast, which are partially offset by declines in our hypercasual mobile portfolio and Empires & Puzzles. We expect flat results for NBA 2K and has declined for Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 50% Zynga, 32% 2K, 17% Rockstar Games and 1% other. And we forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. 
 We now expect non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow to be an outflow of $150 million, and we plan to deploy approximately $140 million of capital expenditures primarily for game technology and office build-outs. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.57 billion to $5.67 billion and cost of revenue to range from $2.38 billion to $2.41 billion. The total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.7 billion to $3.72 billion as compared to $5.83 billion last year. 
 On a management basis, we expect operating expense growth of approximately 10% year-over-year. This is largely due to an increase in ongoing marketing support from Match Factory! as well as other mobile and immersive core launches planned for the year. The addition of Gearbox and higher personnel costs, partially offset by savings from our cost reduction program. Excluding incremental marketing and the addition of Gearbox, our operating expenses are expected to grow low single digits over last year. 
 Now moving on to our guidance for the fiscal second quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.42 billion to $1.47 billion compared to $1.44 billion in the second quarter last year. Our release slate for the quarter includes Game of Thrones: Legends and NBA 2K25. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, Match Factory!, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Empires & Puzzles, Words With Friends, the Red Dead Redemption series and Merge Dragons!. 
 We project recurrent consumer spending to increase by approximately 5%, which assumes a low double-digit increase from mobile driven by the addition of Match Factory! and growth in Toon Blast which are partially offset by declines in our hypercasual mobile portfolio and Empires & Puzzles. We expect flat results for NBA 2K and a decline to Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.29 billion to $1.34 billion. Operating expenses are planned to range from $982 million to $992 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 27% year-over-year, which is primarily driven by additional marketing from Match Factory! and Game of Thrones: Legends and the addition of Gearbox partially offset by savings from our cost reduction programs. 
 In closing, we are confident in our ability to deliver a strong multiyear trajectory of growth, driven by our industry-leading talent, our diverse portfolio of iconic owned intellectual properties and our groundbreaking development pipeline. As we capitalize on our competitive advantages and pursue our strategic priorities, we believe that we will continue to grow our business, enhance our profitability and deliver long-term value for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering results consistently that reflect our unique ability to provide the highest quality and most engaging entertainment offerings to our player communities. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. 
Douglas Creutz: Your largest peer just released the college football game that has done exceptionally well, as I'm sure you've seen. Just curious if that's caused any thoughts about potentially adding a college basketball feature to NBA 2K, whether it's a unit-based item or just another mode in the game. It seems like there might be a nice opportunity there. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks for the question, Doug. So yes, obviously, we did -- we have noticed the success with college football and it's just exciting -- in the industry. We take a note of that. And we obviously do have a history with colleges [ basketball ] with [ colleges 2K. ] And we're always listening to our community and interested to see if there's something that we might be able to do in the future. That's across the board, not necessarily just with how generally speaking. Nothing to announce now, but obviously, it did -- we did take notice of it. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Baird. 
Colin Sebastian: I guess first off, with at least a year or so to go on development of the next GTA, I was just curious if you could sort of outline perhaps generically at this point in the production cycle of a game at the scale, what parts of development are left to complete, I guess, are you still in the midst of core development? Are you approaching the testing stage? Any sort of color there, I think, would be interesting. And as a follow-up, Lainie, the increase in OpEx guidance for the year, is that more to support with marketing new titles? Or was that something related to Gearbox? Any clarification there would be great. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Colin. First of all, where we would be in [ debt ] would be title-specific, so at this stage of the game, it really would vary depending on the title. There's really no cookie-cutter to answer your question. But in any case, it's not the kind of insight that we would give with regard to any specific development that's going on in the company. 
Lainie Goldstein: And in terms of the increase in the OpEx, it's mostly driven by the acquisition of Gearbox and to a lesser extent, higher marketing, personnel and occupancy expenses. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Marok with Raymond James. 
Andrew Marok: Maybe kind of a corollary to the last question. But with the news of the strikes getting underway, I've seen the reports that it won't affect games in development before September [ '23 ]. But maybe for some of the earlier-stage projects, how are you able to adapt your processes to still make headway? And is there a point in the dev process where you could hit blockers? 
Strauss Zelnick: So look, we deeply value our talent relationships. And historically, we worked very successfully with all of the unions, including [indiscernible]. We continue to work hard to come to a resolution on this current situation. In fact, the common ground on 24 out of 25 proposals. So I'm pretty confident that we can get to a deal that will be mutually beneficial.
 At the same time, we don't expect any impact whatsoever on our titles that are in development. If the strike went on for a very long time, obviously, that would affect us and that wouldn't be a good class work for the industry but we're cautiously optimistic that we'll be able to find common ground and that's certainly our goal. 
Andrew Marok: Got you. And then maybe one quick clarification question on the back of that. Is there anything to consider on the expense side related to the strikes, like potential savings from stop labor? Or is that just something that probably isn't very material? 
Strauss Zelnick: We certainly -- we don't get any benefit from the situation. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So I want to go back to Doug's question on college football as it relates to NBA 2K, Curious if you're seeing, anything in terms of leading indicators you track or anticipating any impact on sales from what appears to be now a more crowded sports category. And then, Lainie, just on RCS, it looked like there was a tad off your guidance for fiscal 1Q, but you kept the annual outlook unchanged. Can you just reconcile the 2? 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks for the question, Drew. In terms of the question about college football. No, we're not expecting. We're not seeing any significant or any impact on our NBA title based on the success of it. Look, we're always competing for the customers' mind share and while across all titles. So I don't necessarily think it's necessarily a sports issue for us, but we're not anticipating any effect on engagement in '25… 
Lainie Goldstein: And for the RCS full year, it's being driven by Match Factory! and Toon Blast. So that's why we're able to keep the full year. 
Strauss Zelnick: Which is good news. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. So it's introducing fantastic. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. 
Benjamin Soff: I wanted to ask a little bit about Star Wars: Hunters and it seems like the first game of that type that you guys have released since acquiring Zynga. And so does this provide a blueprint to bring more AAA content to mobile? I'm just kind of curious to get your thoughts there. 
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we are very happy with the --for Star Wars: Hunters, it was a really ambitious title, I think the team at Natural Motion has done a great job. And I think the Zynga label actually has been really excited to launch this cross-platform title, based on [indiscernible]. And it's early yet to see how it will perform. So the jury is out, but it's off to a really good start. And I do think this successful development does potentially inform other titles, but each title stands alone. And as you know, it is our preference to focus on intellectual properties that we own. 
Benjamin Soff: And then as a quick follow-up, it looks like the outlook for NBA RCS changed a little bit. Just curious if you could drill down into the moving pieces there. 
Lainie Goldstein: So we had a slight miss in Q1. That was driven by fewer active users in the center this year, which was driven by lower sales of units due to the Gen 8 unit. But when we look at the full year, we expect it overall to be -- and a lot of that is driven by NBA 2K24. We still have the same expectations that we did for NBA 2K25 as we did at the beginning of the year. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer & Company. 
Martin Yang: First question regarding your overall view. Can you give us updated view on your approach to UGC across different franchises? And how are you open to maybe modeling both on PC and console for your future games? 
Strauss Zelnick: We've been very open-minded and we certainly are very excited about many things that our users are delivering in their engagement with our titles and other people's titles. Obviously, we're excited about what we see in the modern community for PTA. And we think that's pretty exciting. At the end of the day, payment companies need to bring great entertainment to consumers. That is the starting point. And I'm not a believer that the industry will turn into a UGC-driven industry.
 However, for certain titles, for example, Roblox, they are really more platforms than they are in mutual entertainment titles, and I think at this company, we pride ourselves on making the best entertainment of any sort -- and if consumers want to add to that and enhance that for their own use, generally speaking, we would like to enable that behavior, generally speaking, protective of our intellectual property, we're protective of us versus other people's intellectual properties. But we do think that, that can be a positive addition to the industry. I don't think it will define either our company or the industry, however. 
Martin Yang: Got it. Another question from Lainie. Can you maybe clarify if the GTA and NBA 2K24, did both franchise grow bookings on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the quarter for GTA, and we saw some -- the title declined for net bookings in RCS, I'm sorry, what was the second that you asked about? 
Martin Yang: 2K24 comparison, 2K23... 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, I don't have 24 or 23 but in general, NBA 2K declined in the quarter. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Strauss, Karl, Lainie, Nicole. Great quarters guys. Just to Strauss, obviously, a lot of debate on our economic future here near term. Always curious your opinion. But I guess more importantly, just how you're thinking about maybe sort of a darkening macroeconomic picture impact on your business. You already sort of weathered one storm on a mobile live service. Do you feel like you're more resilient if you go into a more challenging environment again?
 And then number two, it looks like trends in current Gen hardware sales have slowed, and prior Gen is feeling pretty sticky here. Some of that maybe is the macro, some of it maybe just haven't seen the price release trials that we normally do at this point in the cycle. And other pieces, maybe services like GTA still being very strong on prior Gen. So just curious, your view on sort of where we are in the cycle, and what implications it may have for your business. Obviously, it's impacted NBA, but thinking about maybe new software that is more current Gen versus prior Gen, what sort of challenges, opportunities you might have from that situation. 
Strauss Zelnick: As drawdowns go, it was not a terrible drawdown. The unemployment rate at 4.2% or 4.4% is still very low unemployment, 114,000 jobs or so were added in the period, which is solid. As you know, people have left the workforce. So I'm not particularly worried from one report that we're heading into some kind of consumer recession, I don't see it. Now I'm also not in the business of predicting that sort of thing. But the metrics don't support that.
 Generally speaking, the entertainment business is pretty resilient in such a situation. Of course, the business is not countercyclical, and in some massive downturn, we, of course, would be negatively affected, but I just don't see that on the horizon. So not a current concern for us, and we're awfully well positioned. As you know, our industry is back in growth mode, console businesses for software that is up low single digits, mobile's up mid-single digits. So there are tailwinds and our mobile business is really performing with all these new great titles, which we referenced today, and we're really excited about our console pipeline as well, which we think will continue to perform.
 Obviously, we're announcing a quarter where we're right on track with very consistent results that are squarely within or better than guidance and consensus. We've reiterated our guidance for the year, and we've said that we expect tremendous growth in fiscal '26 and '27. So we're about as optimistic as we can be without overstating the case something that we try really hard not to do.
 Specifically, with regard to hardware, I saw the same stats that you did, and it looks like if you just measure 4 years in, last time, this time seems to be like there's a bit of slowing. And the report I saw said where -- we are the pro devices and the like. But everything always changes. Four years ago, PC wasn't anywhere near as meaningful as it is today for console-type releases. That's a big growth market.
 And no, I don't think what consumers are saying is they're good with Gen 8 and don't care about Gen 9. We saw the exact contrary with regard to NBA 2K where Gen 8 actually was not a high performer and performed worse than we expected, Gen 9 has been incredibly powerful. So I think the Gen 9 platforms will continue to perform. I think you'll continue to see meaningful growth in that installed base. And I wouldn't put too much weight on a particular period of time.
 I was asked earlier today by someone what's next on the hardware side. And we're not in the hardware business, and I wouldn't even know how to answer that question. But what's next on the entertainment side, on the software side, is we've got a bunch of great titles in market, great live services and great new titles coming. We have the best pipeline we've ever had, and it's close to coming to fruition, we feel really great about that. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. 
Omar Dessouky: Strauss, I wanted to ask you how big is the opportunity for a second soccer simulation game in the market? Whether you would comment on any rumors about 2K acquiring the FIFA license? And what your philosophy is on developing sports games, how long they might take and what your strength might be in that regard. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, there's a lot there. Look, we're in the software business. We have the #1 mobile software manager title in top 11. We're really happy that we do. And we're also very mindful that it's incredibly difficult to build a great SIM experience for console. It takes a long time. And that if you do it right, your users are very loyal and very embedded. I would just now with regards to the FIFA license it does not bring along with it, right, doesn't come with players, teams or leagues. So it's not as simple, for example, is negotiating with the NFL or the NBA or MLB, where at most, you have to negotiate with league and a players association.
 So for anyone who would want to compete in a straight-ahead SIM environment for soccer, you wouldn't just have to address one particular brand license, if there's a whole lot more than that. And I think from our point of view, we have a great sports portfolio led by NBA 2K. We have WWE 2K, which is growing and profitable, really robust. We've superb partner in 2K, a great partner at the NBA with the NBA and the NBA Players Association with great partners, the NFL and the NFL Players Association. We're in the tennis business. We're in the golf business. So and the list goes on, I'm sure we will make more announcements in due course. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. 
Clayton Griffin: Curious on the year-over-year change in advertising net revenue, I suspect that's something to do with the reorientation of the hypercasual business. But Strauss, maybe just talk about what you think advertising can do for your more core portfolio of mobile titles like, what you have in peak. And would you prefer to see kind of I guess, the external sources of demand in advertising there? Or do you think the bigger opportunity is this continued push into direct-to-consumer and really just investing in more of the in-app side? 
Strauss Zelnick: It really varies title by title. There are certain titles that really aren't built for much advertising. They're really more meant for in-app purchases. There are titles that can be both -- and then there are titles that really have to be ad-driven. We have all of those. And we want to make sure that we do offer appropriate ad units where they do make sense, and that has been a very significant area of growth for Zynga since the acquisition, and I think that will continue. What we want to make sure is that we monetize all of the engagement. This is -- historically, the mobile business has been one where you monetized a very small part of the engagement.
 And that -- we don't think that ought to be the case. We think that if consumers engage there ought to be a way to monetize through advertising through in-app purchases potentially through both as long as it's a really high-quality experience. I think that's a completely separate topic from a direct-to-consumer offering. And that has been an area of enormous growth for many of our titles. But again, not all of them, obviously, if the title is only ad-driven, that's not a relevant opportunity.
 We still really value our retail partners for distribution and marketing. We intend to stay in business with them. Our strategy is to be where the consumer is. We don't intend to cut anyone off. We'll try to own 100% of the business. However, when it makes sense to go direct-to-consumer, we will, and that has presented an enormous margin opportunity for us. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Schoell with UBS. 
Christopher Schoell: You pointed to the multiyear ramp in bookings as the pipeline builds in '26 and '27. Lainie, can you remind us how you're thinking about operating leverage and efficiencies alongside the bookings ramp? I recognize you've been going through a period of development and investment, which has impacted margins in recent years. But is it fair to think we can see a return to more historic margin levels amongst your cost initiatives are implemented and these new titles are released? 
Lainie Goldstein: We're going to do in '26 and '27 when we look at the pipeline and bring it to fruition. We really have been working very hard in terms of reducing our cost structure of the organization and looking at places that we could be more and more efficient. So we have announced a couple of cost-cutting initiatives that we've been doing over the last couple of years and looking at ways to streamline our costs between our corporate departments and our label as well as look for areas that we can continue to improve.
 Also looking at our pipeline, looking at titles that we think will be the most commercially successful. So we've been doing a lot of that this past year, and we'll see an annualization of those costs in fiscal year '26. So that will improve our margins, and we expect to continue to look for those opportunities in the future, which will continue to improve our margins in '26 and '27 as well. 
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of [ Ed Alter ] with Jefferies. 
Unknown Analyst: I noticed the big GTA update this June was right at the end of the quarter where last year it was a few weeks earlier. Could you just talk about how those 2 updates did kind of compare to each other rather than with the arbitrary quarter end? 
Karl Slatoff: So we're actually really excited about the summer release for detail online this year, and it was a fantastic result for us. In terms of comparing them directly to the -- typically, we don't even really compare the releases. They're all very different. They had -- and we have different expectations and they have different deliveries. This was very strong for us, and it certainly helped us exceed our expectations for the quarter. But in terms of giving a direct comparison between this one and the last one, that's not something that we're prepared to do. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we have reached the end of the Q&A session. Now I would like to pass the call back over to Strauss for any closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to thank our team that delivered these great results, as always. We believe we have the best and most talented creative teams in the business, and we're so grateful that we do, we have a phenomenally talented executive leadership team as well. We have [ 1,500 ] colleagues all around the world who work really hard every day, in service of delivering the best entertainment to our consumers. That's what they deserve, and that's what we aim to give them. Thank you for joining us today. We're really optimistic about the rest of the year and the years ahead. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-05-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Take-Two Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 ended March 31, 2024. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick : Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we concluded fiscal 2024 with strength, including net bookings of $1.35 billion, which exceeded the high end of our guidance range. Contributing to our positive results was the outperformance of NBA 2K24, Zynga's in-app purchases, led by Toon Blast and our newest hit, Match Factory, and the Red Dead Redemption and Grand Theft Auto series. During Fiscal 2024, we generated net bookings of $5.33 billion, driven by our high quality titles and our ability to engage consistently our player communities. With fiscal 2025 underway, our portfolio is gaining momentum and we have many exciting releases planned for the year. We expect net bookings to be in the range of $5.55 billion to $5.65 billion, representing 5% year-over-year growth. Our outlook reflects a narrowing of Rockstar Games' previously established window of Calendar 2025 to fall of Calendar 2025 for Grand Theft Auto VI. We're highly confident that Rockstar Games will deliver an unparalleled entertainment experience and our expectations for the commercial impact of the title continue to increase. As we release our groundbreaking pipeline, we expect to achieve tremendous growth, including sequential increases in net bookings in fiscal 2025, 2026, and 2027. We've been executing our substantial cost reduction program, which we now anticipate will result in over $165 million of annual cost savings from our current and future expenses. This will enable us to run our business more efficiently and achieve greater operating leverage as our large-scale titles come to market. Now turning to our performance during the quarter. NBA 2K24, which remains the number one basketball simulation experience in our industry, surpassed our expectations as players responded to our promotions, in-game content strategy, and updates within seasons. To-date, the title has sold in over 9 million units. Engagement remains high with nearly 2 million consumers playing daily. Our industry-leading NBA 2K brand also continues to expand its audience through several innovative mobile experiences including NBA 2K24 MyTEAM, the new free-to-download mobile experience that allows players to sync progress between console and mobile devices, as they play their favorite MyTEAM modes on the go, NBA 2K Mobile and NBA 2K24 Arcade Edition, which is consistently in the top five on Apple Arcade. The Grand Theft Auto series delivered another fantastic quarter, partially driven by an array of free content updates for Grand Theft Auto Online, including new vehicles, drag races, holiday themed items to celebrate Lunar New Year and Valentine's Day, new community series jobs, and more. Unit sales for Grand Theft Auto V exceeded our forecast, and to-date the title is sold in approximately 200 million units worldwide. We're thrilled that more than a decade after their initial releases, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online grew their audience size by an incredible 35% and 23% respectively for the full year. Grand Theft Auto V also reclaimed its top spot as the most watched video game across all platforms according to StreamHatchet, thanks largely to the tremendous viewership from the series' thriving role-play community. Rockstar’s premium subscription service, GTA+, also continues to grow, with membership for the quarter almost doubling over the same period in the prior year as Rockstar continues to add valuable benefits to players. Red Dead Redemption 2 also surpassed our expectations and has sold-in nearly 64 million units worldwide. We continue to expand the audience for the series, with Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare, recently added to the roster of games included within the GTA+ library. Borderlands 3 outpaced our forecasts and we are thrilled that Randy Pitchford and Gearbox Entertainment are slated to join officially 2K’s renowned internal studios in the coming weeks. We have already identified many potential growth opportunities for the Borderlands series and Gearbox’s catalog, which we plan to pursue once the studio is integrated into our organization. We are also excited to see growing buzz for the star-studded Borderlands feature film which is planned for release by Lionsgate this summer. WWE 2K24 has been a resounding success and is the highest rated sports simulation of 2024. The title is also the highest-rated installment in the history of our popular wrestling franchise on Xbox, with an 83 average Metacritic score. Engagement has been exceptional with players logging over 11 million hours across more than 110 million played matches. In addition, the [40 years] (ph) of WrestleMania Pack has the highest attach rate for a Super Deluxe DLC in the series’ history, with more than 25% of WWE 2K24 players owning it. 2K and Visual Concepts are continuing to support the title and will have additional packs launching throughout the Fall. I’d like to thank our friends, Nick Kahn and Ari Emanuel over at WWE, TKO, and WME for their continued support. Additionally, I’d like to express our immense gratitude to our team at Visual Concepts for their outstanding work on our WWE 2K and NBA 2K franchises, which are both important annual contributors for our Company. Zynga delivered outstanding results for the period, led by robust in-app purchases. Match Factory is accelerating and proving to be a hit, already establishing itself as a Top 20 grossing game in the US Apple App Store and reaching millions of new users with its launch on the Google Play store. We are pleased that new bold beats and other exciting features have propelled average daily play time to around 60 minutes per user. Toon Blast maintained its positive momentum, achieving nearly 20% growth of in-app purchases compared to the third quarter, driven by a new Dragons’ Treasure competition and many other features. We’d like to congratulate the team at Peak for their incredible performance. Top Troops launched several content updates, as well as a major cross-media collaboration with the popular influencer, MrBeast. The team plans to release additional enhancements to core gameplay and progression systems to drive further growth. Momentum continues at Rollic, with the studio crossing 3.5 billion all-time downloads and announcing a new partnership with Mattel to introduce a mass-market Barbie mobile game later this calendar year. Our blended monetization efforts in hyper-casual are progressing well within Rollic, which has resulted in Twisted Tangle and Screw Jam both becoming Top-100 grossing games on the U.S. Apple App Store. Our direct-to-consumer business continues to grow, and our teams are working actively to add more titles each quarter to this highly accretive, owned distribution channel. Looking ahead, Zynga has numerous titles in development and soft launch that we are eager to release worldwide this fiscal year, including Star Wars Hunters and Game of Thrones: Legends. In closing, I am highly confident in our business, led by our top creative talent, our industry leading portfolio of owned intellectual property, our sound balance sheet and our increasingly efficient infrastructure. Our teams are laser-focused on our core tenets of creativity, innovation, and efficiency, and as we deliver our ground-breaking pipeline over the next several years, we are poised also to deliver industry-leading growth and shareholder returns. I will now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to thank our teams for their dedication and hard work as we continue to build the foundation for our future which we believe is more promising than ever. We are extremely excited about our upcoming pipeline which includes approximately 40 titles through Fiscal 2027. Our updated release schedule reflects the actions of our recent cost-reduction program, through which we cancelled several titles to focus our efforts and resources on the franchises we believe represent our best opportunities to achieve significant critical and commercial success. These titles did not include any of our core franchises and were not expected to materially affect our net bookings growth. Turning to Fiscal 2025, we have 16 titles in our pipeline, three of which have already been released. We have seven immersive core titles, including TopSpin, NBA and WWE 2K25, and the next iteration in one of 2K’s biggest and most beloved franchises, with the first details coming in just a few short weeks at Summer Games Fest Kickoff Live. Of these titles, TopSpin 2K25 was released by 2K and Hangar 13 on April 26. The revival of our popular tennis franchise has been well-received by critics and provides deep personalization, iconic venues, and industry-leading gameplay. With TopSpin 2K25, we continue to broaden our sports offerings, and 2K will support the title with season packs throughout the year. We have two independent titles from Private Division, the first of which is Moon Studio’s No Rest for the Wicked, which launched on April 18th into Early Access on PC. This new ARPG was well received for its visceral combat, distinct art style and rich narrative. Private Division, along with Wētā Workshop, also announced Tales of the Shire: A The Lord of the Rings Game, which is planned for release later this year. The teams recently revealed a new trailer for this cozy, hobbit life sim, which is set in the Middle-earth universe of J.R.R. Tolkien. We have five mobile titles, including NFL 2K Playmakers, Star Wars Hunters, and Game of Thrones Legends. NFL 2K Playmakers was released on April 23rd by 2K and Cat Daddy Games for iOS and Android devices. In this non-simulation tactical card battle players can collect NFL player cards to assemble an exciting roster, while also experiencing a variety of game modes and features. We’re proud to add NFL 2K Playmakers to our ever-growing mobile portfolio in partnership with the NFL and the NFL Player’s Association. Lastly, we have two new iterations of prior releases planned for the year. As always, our labels will continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our key offerings. Looking ahead, our pipeline for Fiscal 2026 and 2027 has 24 titles planned, including, l5 immersive core releases, six of which are sports simulation games, one independent title; five mobile games; and three new iterations of previously-released titles. In closing, we believe that the many opportunities ahead of us will deliver a period of meaningful long-term growth, margin expansion, and shareholder returns. I’ll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks Karl and good afternoon everyone. We delivered a strong finish to Fiscal 2024 and are entering Fiscal 2025 with momentum, including healthy trends across our key franchises. Throughout the year, we released successful hit titles, engaged players with a steady cadence of in-game content, and continued to position our organization for the long-term. We also deepened our commitment to efficiency and made some decisions that, while difficult will align our resources with the initiatives for which we have the highest levels of conviction. We are confident that, over time these steps will drive our scale, enhance our margins, and deliver industry-leading returns for our shareholders. I’d like to thank our teams for their vision, passion, and dedication. Turning to our results, we delivered fourth quarter net bookings of $1.35 billion, which was above our guidance range of $1.27 billion to $1.32 billion. This reflected better-than-expected results from NBA 2K24; Zynga’s in-app purchases, led by Toon Blast and Match Factory; the Red Dead Redemption series and the Grand Theft Auto series. Recurrent consumer spending declined 2% for the period and accounted for 79% of net bookings. This was above our outlook, driven by the outperformance of NBA 2K, Toon Blast, and Match Factory. Recurrent consumer spending declined for Grand Theft Auto Online, although it was up for virtual currency and GTA+. NBA 2K was in-line with the prior year; and mobile increased slightly. During the quarter, we successfully launched WWE 2K24, which demonstrates 2K and Visual Concept’s ability to raise the bar further for our popular wrestling series. GAAP net revenue decreased 3% to $1.4 billion, while cost of revenue declined 24% to $930 million and included an impairment charge of $304 million related to acquired intangible assets. Operating expenses increased by 244% to $3.2 billion, due to a goodwill impairment charge of $2.2 billion and $93 million of business reorganization expenses related to our recently announced cost-reduction program. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 20% year-over-year, which was slightly above our guidance, due to higher personnel and IT expenses, and professional fees. For fiscal 2024, we achieved net bookings of $5.33 billion, which was slightly above our revised guidance range of $5.25 billion to $5.3 billion. Recurrent consumer spending grew 2%, which exceeded our outlook, and accounted for 78% of net bookings. Recurrent consumer spending for mobile increased high single-digits; NBA 2K virtual currency and seasons was up slightly; and Grand Theft Auto Online virtual currency and GTA+ membership was flat. Non-GAAP Adjusted Unrestricted Operating Cash Flow was $42 million as compared to our outlook of approximately $100 million due to higher external developer advances, cash tax and interest payments. We spent approximately $142 million on capital expenditures, primarily for game technology and office build outs. GAAP net revenue was flat at $5.35 billion, and cost of revenue increased 1% to $3.1 billion, which included an impairment charge of $577 million related to acquired intangible assets. Operating expenses increased 69% to $5.8 billion, due to an impairment charge of $2.3 billion related to goodwill and a $105 million business reorganization charge related to our cost-reduction programs. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 15% year-over-year and were slightly above our guidance, due to the factors I mentioned earlier that affected the fourth quarter. Today, we provided our outlook for Fiscal 2025. We project net bookings to range from $5.55 billion to $5.65 billion, which represents 5% growth over Fiscal 2024. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, Empires & Puzzles, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Match Factory, the Red Dead Redemption series, an unannounced immersive core title from 2K, and Words With Friends. We expect recurrent consumer spending to be up approximately 3% compared to fiscal 2024, and to represent 76% of net bookings. Our recurrent consumer spending forecast assumes high single-digit growth for mobile, a slight increase for NBA 2K, and a decline for Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 50% Zynga, 31% 2K, 17% Rockstar Games, and 2% Other. And, we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% International. We expect Non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow to be an outflow of $200 million, and we plan to deploy approximately $140 million for capital expenditures, primarily for game technology and office buildouts. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.57 billion to $5.67 billion and cost of revenue to range from $2.43 billion to $2.46 billion. Turning to operating expenses, we recently implemented a cost reduction program that is expected to deliver over $165 million of annual cost savings across our entire business. As part of these efforts, we have eliminated several projects in development that we did not anticipate would meet our financial benchmarks. We also took actions to streamline our organizational structure, which reduced both existing headcount and future hiring needs. Our total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.56 billion to $3.58 billion as compared to $5.83 billion last year. On a management basis, we expect operating expense growth of approximately 7% year-over-year, which is largely due to an increase in ongoing marketing support for Match Factory, as well as other mobile and immersive core launches planned for the year, partially offset by savings from our cost reduction program. Looking ahead, and as Strauss mentioned earlier, we have narrowed the previously established release window for Grand Theft Auto VI to Fall of Calendar 2025 from Calendar 2025. As development advances, our confidence in the title and its potential commercial impact continue to grow. That said, we are not providing specific guidance beyond fiscal 2025, as our release schedule includes numerous titles each year and even modest shifts can have a significant effect on results in any given period. Our outlook for the lifetime value of our pipeline remains as strong as ever and we expect sequential growth in net bookings in Fiscal 2025, 2026, and 2027. Now, moving onto our guidance for the fiscal first quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.2 billion to $1.25 billion, compared to $1.2 billion in the first quarter last year. Our release slate for the quarter includes TopSpin 2K25, No Rest for the Wicked on Early Access for PC and NFL 2K Playmakers, all of which have already released, and Star Wars Hunters. The largest contributors to Net Bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, Empires & Puzzles, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Match Factory, the Red Dead Redemption series, Words With Friends, and Zynga Poker. We project recurrent consumer spending to increase by approximately 1%, which assumes mid single-digit growth in mobile, flat results for NBA 2K, and a decline for Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.3 billion to $1.35 billion. Operating expenses are planned to range from $928 million to $938 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 14% year-over-year, which is primarily driven by additional marketing for Match Factory, partially offset by our cost reduction program. In closing, we believe that we are very well positioned to deliver the highest quality content in our industry and to enhance our profitability, as we grow our scale and maintain our focus on efficiency. We are extremely excited about our path for the future, and we look forward to sharing more details about the many catalysts ahead for our Company. Thank you. I’ll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick : Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their dedication to our business and for creating the highest quality, most engaging entertainment franchises to captivate our global audiences. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with Roth MKM. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Strauss, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the Gearbox acquisition. In the past, you've expressed that you never really felt the need to own all of gearbox here you are about to own all of Gearbox. Can you talk about how you think about now owning all of Gearbox and some of the opportunities that you have with that?
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric. What I was referring to is when asked, when Gearbox was sold to Embracer whether that caused us to have any concern, my response was no because we have a long-term publishing agreement, and that's been mutually beneficial for our company and for Gearbox and as it was for Embracer. However, when the opportunity presented itself for us to acquire the company on terms that we felt were reasonable, we frankly jumped at the opportunity. We have all the respect in the world for Randy Pitchford and his team. He has the ability to bring AAA products to market, responsibly and on a very reliable and rather rapid cadence. And he is a hit maker. And it's very hard to make a new hit, and [Tiny Tino] (ph) was a new hit. And of course, Borderlands just goes from strength to strength. So we're thrilled to have Gearbox in the family.
Eric Handler: Okay. And then, Lainie, with regards to the annual cost savings that you announced, how much of that should be seen in fiscal '25?
Lainie Goldstein: So we'll start to see it in fiscal '25, but we'll see a full annualization of it in fiscal year '26. So the majority of the plan was executed in Q4 and Q1, but pieces of it will come through this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Creutz: Hi, thank you. The ability of Rollic to launch top 100 grossing games is a really pleasant surprise. Just wondering if you could talk about how to think about the life cycle of those games. Typically, Rollic's games are sort of -- they're hot for a while and then they move on to something next, something else. Is this going to be the case for these monetizing games as well? Or is it a plan to have a longer life cycle. Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Undoubtedly, this so-called hybrid casual approach should lead to longer life cycles because the hypercasual approach really was put it out there, get a bunch of downloads offer a rather light experience, generate advertising revenue, have the users move on to the next. And that was great while it lasted, but long-term entertainment businesses are all driven by great content. And Rollic's proving that it has the ability with its partner studios to do just that and to deliver content that is durable and long lasting. It remains to be seen whether we can truly create forever franchises at Rollic. I believe we can. We haven't done so yet, but we are off to a really good start.
Doug Creutz: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks, good afternoon. Maybe a couple for me. I guess, first off on the change to the guidance and the outlook. What is your level of confidence, Strauss, in the calendar '25 launch of GTA VI. And is there anything else more specific you can talk about that's behind that postponement. And then secondly, on the high single-digit mobile growth. I'm curious how much of that is related to any recovery you're seeing broadly in mobile gaming? Or is that more specific to the increase in marketing spend and these titles that are outperforming your expectations for this year? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Colin. We actually narrowed calendar 2025 to fall of 2025, and we feel really good about that release date. And obviously, we feel great about the title that is to come. And with regard to mobile, what we do at Zynga because we are a market leader, of course, is driven by the market in which we live. And it is gratifying that after a down year and then a slightly down year we're heading into a flatter up year for the industry. Obviously, though, what's driving our expected results would be our hits, including Match Factory!, which is performing really, really well. And we said that we were spending a lot on UA in the fourth quarter we did, and that's turned out to be productive spending.
Colin Sebastian: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Cost: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess between the success you've had with Match Factory! and some new launch titles setting release date for Star Wars Hunters and then the incremental marketing behind mobile. It seems like there is definitely more momentum in that business, which is great to see. I guess when we think about your analytical framework for investing in the marketing behind mobile, what are you targeting from a margin or payback perspective? And when should we expect to see this investment turn into a profitable flow-through from the mobile side?
Strauss Zelnick: So I hope like everyone else, we look at the very same metrics, which is cost of acquisition, what kind of retention you expect which is to say what kind of churn you get. The spending that you have on average and therefore the lifetime value. And the longer payback period you're willing to accept, of course the more risk you take in those calculations because they're all based on extrapolating from current data and past data and they change at any given time. So I'm not prepared to share sort of our outside payback period. Suffice to say, though that we want to have a great deal of confidence that we're looking at a positive LTV.
Matthew Cost: Great. Thank you. And when would you expect to see mobile this investment that you’re making in mobile flip from a cost center due to driving incremental profit?
Strauss Zelnick: So of course, our mobile division is profitable. I understand what you're asking which is frankly, just another way of asking the same question you asked before, which I decline to answer. However, I do give you extra credit points for rephrasing it in a way that I might dive into it. However -- so we don't share our exact payback periods. We do however tailor our user acquisition spending so that we expect a meaningfully positive LTV in a period of time such that we have confidence that even if we're wrong, we're not so wrong that we're not making money. I hope that clarifies it a bit.
Matthew Cost: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Thanks. Hi guys, good afternoon. So could you address your forecast for NBA 2K RCS in fiscal '25 for a slight increase, is low single digits growth the new normal for this going forward? Or is there something unique in fiscal '25 that's influencing that view? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: So we absolutely expect growth in NBA. And that's not just on the RCS side but also on the full game sales side as well. This year is a little bit more challenging because we are still in the transition from Gen 8 to Gen 9. And Gen 9 is outperforming our expectations and doing fantastically well. I'd say we're a little bit more challenged on the Gen 8 side. As we continue to transition, I think we are going to see more tailwinds than headwinds in that regard. And when you look at the recurring consumer spending, specifically when you look at it specifically as it relates to Gen 9, it's off the chart. It is fantastic. So we’ve seen significant growth there. So again, I think we will have momentum just as we transition to Gen 9 and as people continue to engage more deeply in the game, we’re going to continue to see very strong RCS growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Soff: Hi guys. Thanks for the question. I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit more about the change in bookings this year versus what you guys were talking about last quarter, how much comes from moving GTA versus any other shifts versus the restructuring? And then, yes, I guess I'll stop there. Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein: So for fiscal year '25, the outlook reflects a narrowing of Rockstar Games previously established window from the calendar 2025 to fall, as we mentioned, also some other movements within the release schedule and also with our cost-cutting plan that is also part of the overall results for that year.
Benjamin Soff: Got it. And then a housekeeping question. Does your current outlook reflects the acquisition of Gearbox, or is that going to be updated next quarter after it's closed?
Lainie Goldstein: No, it is not included since the transaction hasn't closed yet. So we will expect to include it next quarter when we close, and we expect it to be slightly accretive to our management results.
Benjamin Soff: Okay. That’s helpful, thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Martin Yang: Hi, thank you for taking my question. First question on statistics. With a narrow window of release, is there any associated changes to your plan regarding the live service portion of GTA 6.
Strauss Zelnick: So Rockstar hasn't given any details on what its expectations are for the release. It's been a wonderful trailer that they put out that broke the Internet, and more news will come from Rockstar in the fullness of time.
Martin Yang: Thank you. I have a second question on NBA. How is NBA's transition challenges in between console generations compared to other annually releasing titles on the market, either from 2K or from other external competitors? And do you attribute the challenges to mostly to 2K or to market?
Karl Slatoff: I'm sorry, was your question about the transition from console generation from the last transition to this transition?
Martin Yang: Right.
Karl Slatoff: Okay. So that's going back quite some time. And frankly, I don't have the exact figures in front of me. But generally speaking, I would say that the delta between the games in this year, the Gen 8 game is much broader. And I think that creates a more obvious difference between the two-- to do two games. And frankly, I can't remember if we had two completely separate games back then. But in any case, the Delta is quite significant this time around. So I would expect that the transition is more the effect of the transition is more pronounced in this console generation. And I forget your second question. Was there another one?
Martin Yang: On this [indiscernible] how does it compare to other studios with annual recurring --.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. We're not really commenting on our competitors. And most of our other studios, we don't have as much NBA comes out every year. So you're going to see that transition more rightly. We don't have the same effect in most of our other games. Occasionally, we would, but they wouldn't be comparable games to NBA anyway. And again, like I said we don't really comment about the -- our competitors and their experiences.
Martin Yang: Got it. Thanks Karl.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with Benchmark. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Hickey: Hi Strauss, Karl, Lainie and Nicole. Congrats on the quarter. Strauss, in your prepared comments, you mentioned that your expectations for the commercial impact from GTA 6 and increased. I'm just curious if you could explain what's driving that up to enthusiasm for the game. And then the second question on your guidance, curious why you're not providing medium-term. You've done that before, and it feels like here you have at least better visibility on the primary catalysts driving that growth. And then on [2027] (ph) tying into that question, I'm wondering where your confidence is that you can grow sequentially [2026] (ph). Is that sort of primarily the GTA ecosystem driving that growth in '27, or is it a combination of that and other AAA games that you plan to release. Thanks guys.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike, for those questions. I think our confidence continues to increase just because Grand Theft Auto V continues to perform so well. We've now sold in over 200 million units. And every quarter, we continue to be pleased by the ongoing sales of the full game and engagement in the past fiscal year with Grand Theft Auto V was up about 35% with Grand Theft Auto Online was up about 23%, I believe. That's extraordinary growth at this stage again more than 10 years after the initial release. So I think we feel as though the market's anticipation is at a fever pitch. And of course expectations are very high everywhere in this boardroom and all around the world for the perfection of what Rockstar typically delivers. In terms of your question, I think you were asking your second question, why didn't we provide very specific guidance for a top-line number going forward? And the answer is, generally speaking, we have not done that except when it was necessary to clarify where we felt the company was going. We think now we are being very specific about this fiscal year and about the next couple of fiscal years by saying we expect relating to your third question, sequential growth on top-line. And we think that pretty much answers the question. Finally, the second part of your third question is that driven by the GTA ecosystem. The answer is certainly, we have expectations for that ecosystem. And again, given that full game sales continue to be strong for GTA V this many years later. At the same time, we also have a number of other powerful releases coming about which we're highly optimistic. And of course we have [car hits] (ph) in the marketplace. Match Factory is a huge hit and only accelerating.
Mike Hickey: Thanks, Strauss. Good luck guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe I can just ask a big picture one that's two parts. When you come out of the activity you just went through in terms of reevaluating your pipeline and looking at resource allocation across the organization what were some of the key learnings on right, the right mix of content is for you guys to meet your hurdle rate going forward? And what were some of the key learnings of how much of the resource allocation decisions are now setting the company up on a multiyear view? Or do you think there are going to be a continued refinement as you look to marry resources and the IP pipeline in the years ahead? Thanks so much.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of looking at our pipeline, I mean this is not really new to us. This is a process that we go through that we've been going through for at least the last 17 years as I've been here. And -- but what we're looking for specifically around this -- the look that we just took is that we're looking look -- we understand in the industry right now that the biggest games are winning, and they're taking more share. And that's obviously a fact that we noticed and take us very seriously. We're simply looking for the projects that we think have the highest chance for commercial success and for critical success. And going through and coming through those and going through and then making the tough choices. It's always difficult to cancel any projects. But in this context, it was something that was necessary and really part of our normalized process. So we absolutely expect that, that will continue in the future. This was a pretty tough look and a pretty big look. So I think most of that is behind us. But we will be adding, and we will be subtracting over the next few years, and that's part of what we do. And it will be both with will continue to invest in new IP as well. That is not off the table for us. That's very important. That's the life level blood of the industry. And if you're not investing in new IP, we think it's a biggest [stack] (ph).
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Basmo with Citi. Please proceed with question.
Jason Bazinet: I just had one question on GTA VI. This narrowing from calendar '25 to the fall of 25%. Do you think there's an ancillary benefit of that of sort of syncing up with the holiday season? Or do you feel like GTA is such a powerful franchise that it really doesn't confer any sort of incremental benefit .
Strauss Zelnick: While it probably doesn't matter, I think we'd all rather be in the release window that we're looking at now.
Jason Bazinet: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Heaney with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
James Heaney: Yeah, thank you for taking the question. What have been some of the unlocks on the mobile side of the business. You did call out the better-than-expected results in Zynga's IP business, but just curious if there's anything you could say specifically on the advertising side of the business. Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we have two important businesses within mobile in-app purchases and advertising and they're both relevant. We hit on advertising as we rethought our hyper-casual business and turned it into a blended hybrid casual business where they are in-app purchases as well. At the same time, we built up advertising inside Mobile by putting advertising units in games that previously did not have them. In any case, advertising should be a meaningful growth area for us in the mobile business. With regards to app purchases, we have the same opportunities and limitations that any other mobile company has and our ability to grow in our purchases is driven by our ability to have people download and play hip titles. That's what we're focused on.
James Heaney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Clay Griffin with Moffett Nathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Clay Griffin: Yes, good afternoon. Thank you. I'm curious if you guys would talk about the broader PC strategy. I know that there's just tons and tons of engagement, particularly for GTA on PC, not all of that gets monetized. I think in the past, you've describe that as maybe it's a good thing to have that there. You don't necessarily need to monetize all of it. But there are some interesting products out there over Wolf and the like. And so maybe I'm just curious what you guys are seeing or thinking about your opportunity to unlock monetization on PC. Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: So we look at the PC platform as we do any platform, and it all starts with content, first and foremost. And we agree, it's a very powerful platform, and we've got some very strong third-party partners. Also the ability for us to sell directly to the consumer. So these are all compelling things for us, and we'll continue to develop and support the PC platform as long as the gamer is there. Wherever the gamer is, that's where we're going to be. And again, I don't really see us looking at the PC monetization any differently than we would on any other platform. It really is more about game to game. What works for certain games, what doesn't work for certain games. And the overarching edict that we live by is overdeliver on content and the monetization will follow.
Clay Griffin: Great, thanks Karl.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Schoell with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Schoell: Hi, great. Thank you for taking the question. We saw Rockstar announce a price increase for GTA. I recognize it's been 7 years, but can you help us think through the rationale? And as you look at GTA VI, so what are your latest thoughts around the pricing dynamics for the franchise or your portfolio in general as these games continue to get larger with more robust experiences? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, there's more content constantly being made available, and we really aim to deliver great value at any given time. We're so focused on delivering more value than what we charge. And that's sort of the rubric. And any time we establish our prices, we want to make sure that it's good news for the consumer that the experience vastly over delivers in the context of the cost. That's the goal.
Chris Schoell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Dessouky: Sure, I have two questions, one on mobile and then just one again on the sequential growth. So is there any more color at all you can give us on how you're going to grow sequentially in fiscal '27 after lapping just such a tough comp in fiscal '26 when GTA VI is going to launch. It just seems counterintuitive. When I look back at the last 2 times, Rockstar released a mega title, Red Dead Redemption in fiscal '19, fiscal '20 did not grow. And Grand Theft Auto V in fiscal '14, fiscal '15 was down 30% I'm just kind of trying to square those couple of things there. Will it be Rockstar that continues to drive that sequential growth in fiscal '27? Any more color there would be really great.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, it's a fair question. Look, the business has really changed and certainly since 2019 and absolutely since 2015 and in ways that are obvious now and in ways that we project in the future. The sequential growth is driven by our overall pipeline, and we're now a large and diversified company. And we do have GTA VI coming. We have great aspirations for GTA VI. And as I said earlier, we've been selling full game, GTA V for over 10 years. And we continue to sell more in a given year than most other standalone releases selling their first year, even at our big competitors company. So we actually think there is a compelling case that the full game sales will continue to be robust for years to come. Equally, we have a pipeline both announced and unannounced, that's very exciting. We have an annualized pipeline that will, of course, continue to come that's quite significant. And we have a mobile business that we frankly feel has been rightsized, well-structured and is now back in growth mode. And there's evidence of that. The performance of Match Factory!, the performance of Toon Blast and the stable performance of many other big titles. There are also geographical growth opportunities that we're very focused on. We don't spend a lot of time talking about it, but it's a huge part of our strategy. Our business and our competitors' businesses remain largely US and Western Europe focused. And we think there are enormous opportunities for growth in Asia, India and Africa, where we and everyone else who isn't located in those geographies are deeply underpenetrated. So there are numerous opportunities for growth, but to put reminded ease, this isn't stick finger in your mouth and hold it in the air and hope for the best kind of number. This is driven by our release schedule and our pipeline.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. And along kind of the same lines, I think a lot of people are going to be super excited about GTA VI coming out. Do you make any assumptions about the perhaps a reacceleration of growth in the console installed base or console sales, because your title may bring a lot of lapsed gamers back into the ecosystem in your forecasts.
Strauss Zelnick: We are using IDG's projections, which are pretty substantial. So for Gen 9 alone, their view is that they're about 81 million consoles worldwide currently that was at the end of the last year, they project that will rise to 111 million by the end of this year and [175 million] (ph) by the end of 2027. Now we don't necessarily subscribe or not subscribe to those views, but that shows an awful lot of growth. And we do expect a very significant attach rate.
Omar Dessouky: Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And with that, I would like to turn the floor back over to CEO, Strauss Zelnick for any closing comments.
Strauss Zelnick: Before we sign off, I just want to thank everyone who works at Take-Two in all of our affiliates. These have been challenging times. And in addition to delivering hits, we've asked everyone to dig deep and make sure the business is highly efficient, rightsized. And that's challenging. And one of the most extraordinary things about our organization is the amazing morale and focus on the common good. We are here for our customers for our first and foremost for our colleagues who deliver to our customers every day and for our shareholders. And we're extraordinarily excited both about the position we're in, about the fiscal year in which we're currently operating and about our amazing pipeline in the years ahead. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Take-Two’s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 ended December 31, 2023. Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC including the company’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I’d also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, I will turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I’m pleased to report that we achieved solid results, including net bookings of $1.3 billion. Our performance reflects our unwavering commitment to quality, the ongoing contributions from our outstanding portfolio, which is one of the strongest and most diverse in the entertainment industry, and our immensely talented creative teams. During the period, Grand Theft Auto V, Grand Theft Auto Online, the Red Dead Redemption series and Zynga’s in-app purchases, led by Toon Blast, exceeded our plans, driven by engaging new content, partnerships and activations. This was partially offset by some softness in mobile advertising and sales for NBA 2K24. 2K is implementing measures to enhance performance for the title, such as offering new events and promotions and delivering an exciting and engaging content lineup. We expect lifetime net bookings for the title to be in line with NBA 2K23. Due to these factors, a planned release moving out of the fourth quarter and increased marketing for Zynga’s new hit mobile title Match Factory!, we’re lowering our full year outlook. While the timing of Match Factory!’s user acquisition expense will reduce our profitability in the current fiscal year, we believe that this investment will allow us to grow our audience meaningfully and increase the lifetime value of the Match Factory! franchise. We have always managed Take-Two for the long-term and we have great confidence in our groundbreaking pipeline for fiscal 2025 and beyond, which we believe will enable us to grow our net bookings, increase our scale and enhance our profitability. At the same time, our teams are always looking for ways in which we can operate at the highest level of efficiency, which is one of our core tenets. We’re currently working on a significant cost reduction program across our entire business to maximize our margins while still investing for growth. These measures are incremental to and even more robust than our prior cost reduction program, and we aim to achieve greater operating leverage as we roll out our eagerly anticipated release schedule. Turning to the performance of our titles during the quarter. Momentum for Grand Theft Auto remains phenomenal. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V exceeded our expectations during the holiday season, and to date, the title is sold in more than 195 million units worldwide. During the quarter, Rockstar Games released its holiday update for Grand Theft Auto Online: The Chop Shop, which captured the highest number of active users in several years, including the largest ever increase in new Grand Theft Auto Online accounts, driven by the variety and depth of new vehicles in robberies, positive community sentiment and the game’s inclusion in various subscription services. The Grand Theft Auto series is also benefiting meaningfully from excitement surrounding Rockstar’s announcement of Grand Theft Auto VI and the release of its first trailer, which, at 93 million views in 24 hours, broke YouTube’s records for a non-music video launch and, along with partner channels, became the biggest video debut ever. Rockstar’s recent partnership with Netflix to launch the GTA Trilogy is also a resounding success, quickly yielding the highest rate of installs and engagement on the subscription services game platform. In addition, Rockstar’s membership program, GTA+, continues to grow rapidly, powered by enhanced benefits for members, including a rotating assortment of classic Rockstar titles. Red Dead Redemption 2 also surpassed our plans, as our exciting holiday promotions and events resonated deeply with players. To-date, the title is sold in more than 61 million units worldwide. During the quarter, Rockstar Games supported Red Dead Online with free updates, including the new All Hallows’ Call to Arms locations, a trio of new Dead of Night maps and a Hardcore Telegram Mission alongside the return of the Halloween Pass 2. NBA 2K24 remains the number one basketball simulation experience in our industry and, to date, is sold in over 7 million units. Unit sales for the Gen 9 version of the game are growing at a double-digit percentage increase over last year due to an enhanced gameplay experience and wider console availability. As players migrate to Gen 9 platforms, we are seeing significant declines in demand for our Gen 8 offering. Players have been highly engaged with many of NBA 2K24’s new features, including a Season Pass that helped average revenue per user grow 30% year-over-year. On October 6, 2K and Gearbox Software launched the Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition for Nintendo Switch. We’re pleased to expand further our beloved franchise by enabling players to make some mayhem at home or on the go with this thrilling high stakes adventure. Now turning to Zynga. We’re very pleased with the team’s ability to create successful new mobile games, including Peak’s Match Factory!, which launched on iOS in November and Android in late December. The title is a top 30 grossing game on the Apple App Store in key target markets, such as the U.K. and the U.S., and has shown stellar retention and monetization metrics on par with previous category-leading Peak titles such as Toon Blast. Based on these excellent metrics, we see strong long-term potential for the title, and we’re planning to invest in new features and a robust marketing campaign to capitalize on its popularity with consumers and to scale it further. Zynga’s other recent release, Top Troops, increased its engagement by more than 10% over last quarter, propelled by the launch of new features and semi-monthly battles. Looking ahead, the team is focusing on new brand collaborations, player competitions and social and community engagements. Overall, Zynga’s in-app purchases exceeded our expectations with significant sequential improvement compared to last quarter. This was led by Toon Blast, which materially outperformed, delivering its highest ever average revenue per daily average user and over 50% growth in its daily in-app purchase revenue compared to last quarter. While we’re encouraged by the trajectory of Zynga’s in-app purchases, its ad revenues were below our expectations due to some changes that we’re implementing in the hypercasual business, including a heightened focus on our profitability and the launch of new features that deliver blended monetization. Our direct-to-consumer business continues to grow and enjoyed a record holiday season. Our teams are working actively to add more titles each quarter to this highly accretive owned distribution channel. Looking ahead, Zynga has numerous titles in development and soft launch that we’re eager to release worldwide in fiscal 2025 and beyond. It bears noting that launching hit mobile titles is both highly complex and challenging, and we’re gratified by Zynga’s unique ability to release new properties to capture mind share and market share. In closing, although we’re lowering our outlook for the year, we believe that our company’s potential is vast and unique, driven by our creative talent, our owned and controlled intellectual property and our groundbreaking new pipeline for fiscal 2025 and beyond. As we execute on our strategic priorities, we believe that we’ll deliver an array of unparalleled entertainment experiences that can captivate, engage and redefine our industry for audiences around the globe. I’ll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to thank our teams for delivering another solid quarter and adding to the continued positive momentum of our business. I’ll now turn to our upcoming launches for the balance of fiscal 2024 and beyond. This quarter, Private Division and Evening Star will launch Penny’s Big Breakaway, a 3D platforming game. Private Division will share more news about this exciting release shortly. On March 8, 2K and Visual Concepts will launch WWE 2K24. The title will feature several franchise advancements, including the 2K Showcase...of the Immortals, celebrating 40 years of WrestleMania, four new match types, two new MyRISE experiences and much more. We’re thrilled to build upon our long-standing partnership with WWE and to continue to set new creative benchmarks for this franchise. At The Game Awards in December, Private Division announced No Rest for the Wicked, an action role-playing game from Moon Studios, creators of the critically acclaimed Ori and Blind Forest and Ori and the Will of the Wisps. The title will launch Early Access on PC in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 with a full release on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X and S and PC thereafter. We will reveal more information about the game on March 1 during the label’s Wicked Inside digital showcase. After 13 years, we are pleased that 2K will return to tennis and broaden its sports offerings with the upcoming release of Top Spin 2K25. Developed by Hangar 13, the title was poised to provide an incredibly realistic and engaging tennis simulation featuring the world’s top players and courts. 2K will share more details in the coming weeks, including an expected launch date. Zynga continues to deliver on their outstanding pipeline with their much anticipated titles, Star Wars Hunters and Game of Thrones: Legends, each slated for global release in calendar 2024. We are encouraged by both games’ performances and soft launch and are confident that they will resonate with broad audiences when they debut worldwide. At the same time, Zynga’s hypercasual studios plan to release a steady cadence of mobile titles for games that has the potential for enhanced retention rates and a mix of in-app purchases and advertising to drive higher monetization and profitability. And as always, our labels will continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our key offerings. Looking ahead, we remain highly optimistic about what we believe to be the strongest and most exciting development pipeline in our company’s history. I’ll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks Karl and good afternoon everyone. We delivered solid holiday results, including net bookings of $1.34 billion, which was within our guidance range. I’d like to thank our talented teams for their commitment to creativity, innovation, quality and value, which allows us to provide outstanding entertainment experiences for our players across the world. Grand Theft Auto V, Grand Theft Auto Online, the Red Dead Redemption series and Zynga’s in-app purchases, led by Toon Blast, exceeded our expectations. This was partially offset by softness in mobile advertising in NBA 2K. Recurrent consumer spending declined 7% for the period and accounted for 75% of net bookings. This was slightly less than our outlook, driven by weakness in mobile advertising and NBA 2K, which was largely due to the effect of lower unit sales on its in-game monetization. Recurrent consumer spending for Grand Theft Auto Online, virtual currency and GTA+ membership was up notably. During the quarter, we launched several mobile titles, including Top Troops, Match Factory! and NBA 2K24 Arcade Edition for Apple Arcade as well as Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition for Switch. GAAP net revenue decreased 3% to $1.37 billion, and cost of revenue declined 1% to $688 million, which included an impairment charge of $53 million and $177 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Operating expenses decreased by 10% to $808 million. On a management basis, operating expenses rose 4% year-over-year and was favorable to our guidance due to lower marketing and personnel expenses. Turning to our guidance, I’ll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. As Strauss mentioned, we are lowering our outlook to reflect the softness we are currently experiencing in mobile advertising and NBA 2K24, a planned release will be out of the fourth quarter and increased marketing for Zynga’s new hit mobile title Match Factory!, which we believe will enable us to scale it more meaningfully to reach its full long-term potential. Our revised net bookings forecast is $5.25 billion to $5.3 billion. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 51% Zynga, 30% 2K and 19% Rockstar Games. And we forecast a geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We are projecting recurrent consumer spending of 1% compared to fiscal 2023, which includes a full year of Zynga, partially offset by a slight decline in NBA 2K. Grand Theft Auto Online is expected to deliver modest growth for virtual currency and GTA+ membership. RCS is expected to represent 79% of net bookings. We plan to generate approximately $100 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow and to deploy approximately $150 million for capital expenditures, primarily to support our office build-outs and larger footprint. We now forecast GAAP net revenue to range from $5.27 billion to $5.32 billion. Our total operating expenses are now planned to range from $3.55 billion to $3.56 billion as compared to $3.45 billion last year. On a management basis, we continue to expect operating expense growth of approximately 14% year-over-year due to a full year of Zynga and increase in personnel marketing expenses and higher depreciation, which are being partially offset by the realization of synergies from our combination with Zynga and savings from our prior cost reduction program announced last year. Now moving on to our guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.27 billion to $1.32 billion compared to $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter last year. Our release slate for the quarter includes WWE 2K24 as well as Penny’s Big Breakaway from Private Division. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Toon Blast, our hypercasual mobile portfolio, Empire & Puzzles, WWE 2K24, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Words with Friends and Match Factory!. We project recurrent consumer spending to decrease by approximately 5%, which assumes flat results for Zynga and a decline for NBA 2K with Grand Theft Auto Online, virtual currency and GTA+ membership are expected to be up. We project GAAP net revenue to range from $1.32 billion to $1.37 billion. Operating expenses are planned to range from $896 million to $906 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 17% year-over-year, driven by the additional marketing expense for Match Factory! that I mentioned previously, higher personnel costs and an increase in depreciation, which are being partially offset by the realization of synergies from our combination with Zynga and savings from our prior cost reduction program that we announced last year. Looking ahead, our teams remain committed to efficiency. We’ve begun a rigorous analysis to identify additional areas for cost optimization. The expected savings are incremental to our previously announced cost reduction program, and we expect that it will be more expansive. We believe that these measures will enhance our margin profile and position our business for greater operating leverage in the future. In closing, while we are disappointed to have lowered our outlook for the year, we are exceedingly confident in our growth prospects. With our industry-leading portfolio and passionate teams, we believe that we are poised to deliver the best content in our industry, reach new record levels of operating performance and deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you for your continued support. I’ll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank our colleagues for enabling us to achieve our goals and deliver another solid quarter. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We will now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. Please proceed.
Eric Handler: Yes, thank you and good afternoon. Wonder if you could maybe give a little meat to the bone, so to speak, with your cost-cutting program. How much cost or net savings have you generated so far? What do you think this next plan could do and over what time?
Strauss Zelnick: Lainie will take that.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So for the synergies with Zynga, we realized over $100 million in savings and the original cost-cutting program that we announced previously was over $50 million. So we do expect this plan to enhance our margins, both by reducing costs from our existing cost base and avoiding future costs and they will be incremental to these other cost-cutting programs that we had and even more robust than the prior cost reduction program. And next quarter, we will be in a position to give a little more details on the plan.
Eric Handler: Helpful. And then with regards to the advertising weakness that you are seeing, is that all related to what’s going on with the hypercasual business or does it extend also to in-game advertising for casual games?
Strauss Zelnick: This is Strauss. So it’s basically the hypercasual business, and we’re really optimizing the business from profitability. So there’s always a balance. We’re also seeing that we can actually have in-app payments in our hypercasual business. So it’s really moving to a hybrid model, and we’re very excited about that. There’s great opportunity in that business.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
David Karnovsky: Thank you. I guess, first, with some of the momentum and investment for Match Factory! and the game delay, is there any update to your fiscal ‘25 or ‘26 forecast?
Strauss Zelnick: Lainie is going to take that.
Lainie Goldstein: Currently, it’s the middle of our budgeting process. At this time, the number is tracking a little above $7 billion for net bookings for the year and given the typical shifts and tweaks that occur in our forecasting process. And this amount is still huge growth over this year. And our pipeline is groundbreaking for next year and beyond, and our teams are making excellent progress on game development. And nothing material has changed with regard to the lifetime value of our portfolio. And both will provide our initial outlook for fiscal year ‘25 when we report our Q4 and full year fiscal year ‘24 results in May.
David Karnovsky: And then just on Match Factory! It looks to be the most substantial new launch for Zynga since the acquisition. Want to see if you could speak kind of more broadly to the process of launching new mobile games, whether this reflects any kind of broader improvement in UA or content generation there? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: I think so. I mean, I’ve said repeatedly in the past few years that the hardest thing that anyone in the industry can do is create a new mobile hit. It’s super hard. And so much so that one of our big competitors just decided they weren’t going to try it anymore. It was off the table. We stuck with it and so did some of our competitors. So clearly, the market’s becoming more receptive and more reactive. There’s a big title from one of our competitors, Monopoly GO!, which is a huge hit. And we’re gratified obviously here to see so much traction already in Top Troops and Match Factory!. And Match Factory!’s already a top 30 title in the U.S. and UK Apple App Stores with lots of continued traction in the rest of the world, and it’s really just beginning. We are supporting the title in the quarter, and that’s not money that we could possibly recoup in the quarter. So to put some color around the guidance change, that’s really good news, not bad news. That’s going to be a very profitable expenditure that will come back to us in the next fiscal year. Because of the way we structure UA, we structure for relatively quick paybacks compared to the industry because we’re conservative. So I do think – look, I think the team in Zynga is doing a phenomenal job delivering great properties. It starts there. It always starts there. And yes, I also believe the market’s becoming more reactive. Remember, the market was down for the first time in its history in 2022, and it was flattish after that. And there were no new hits for years from us or anyone else. That’s clearly changing. I think it puts further evidence on the table that being exposed to mobile through the Zynga acquisition was a really, really good thing for this company, and we’re highly optimistic going forward.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. Please proceed.
Doug Creutz: Yes. I wonder if you could be a little more specific relative to the guidance cut to the fiscal year, how much came from the title delay on the top line versus the other factors you cited. And to what extent the delay of the title out of the year might have impacted your operating income? Because presumably you will be marketing for it less. Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Lainie?
Lainie Goldstein: So for the full year, when you look at the changes that we made to the fourth quarter forecast, the biggest drivers were towards the user acquisition spend and marketing for Match Factory!, then the lower mobile advertising that we were seeing, updating expectations for NBA 2K24 and the shift of an unnamed title out of the year. So those are the top four primary reasons for the change.
Doug Creutz: In that order?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, that was the order of magnitude.
Doug Creutz: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Marok with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Andrew Marok: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Good commentary on the Netflix tie-up with the GTA Trilogy. I guess going back to maybe how that came about, what made you guys want to partner with that kind of fledgling mobile gaming platform and be one of the first major third-party titles out there?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we have to balance all the different elements that go into choosing how, where and when to distribute our titles. And as our titles enter the catalog, we can be flexible about how to distribute. We tend to support all emerging platforms as long as they serve consumers and as long as the terms under which we support the platforms make sense to us.
Andrew Marok: Great. And then maybe a little bit more of an esoteric question, but interested to maybe dig into that hypercasual commentary. Is there anything that’s maybe changed in the last few months or quarters with player behavior in hypercasual games that they’re now willing to do in-app purchases?
Strauss Zelnick: All about quality. I think Rollic has been really focused on making more and more robust titles. Remember, hypercasual came about as a business where you’d actually look at hundreds of games a month and put them out into the market and see what would stick and then a game would stick for 3 months and then roll off. And what’s happening now is Rollic has title. Rollic, we believe, is a leader in the space, has titles that are much more durable and long-lasting and turning into games that could be games that last for years. We hope that, that will happen. And as those games are more durable and offer more playing value to consumers, there’s an opportunity in certain of those games to have in-app purchases, so really, moving from hypercasual to hybrid casual. But it’s all about quality and meeting the consumer where they are. And the story of the entertainment business is always a move to quality. And remember, we’re still, in many ways, in the nascent business. Interactive entertainment is roughly 30 years old, mobile’s roughly 12 years old, and these are early-stage businesses. And they started off as glorified toy businesses and then they turned into entertainment businesses and now they’re year-round entertainment businesses. All of that’s great news for a company like ours. We are the number two pure-play interactive entertainment company on earth, and it’s still early innings. And we’re seeing a lot of movement in mobile. Our 3-part strategy includes the word innovation. And innovation means that even if you start as hypercasual, if consumers want you to go upmarket and give them something that’s deeper and more compelling and more long lasting, you have to be there to do it. I would say our hypercasual team, led by Barak Verdal in Istanbul, is first class.
Andrew Marok: Great. Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Our next question is from Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Benjamin Soff: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. A follow-up on the GTA Trilogy for mobile. Does this provide a blueprint for how to bring more of your titles to mobile in the future? And just curious if you see an opportunity for additional partnerships with Netflix for additional mobile titles going forward as well? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: We – I’m not sure this is a model for mobile distribution, because ultimately, it all depends on how you define mobile. We think of mobile as a game that you typically play on your phone, and we have a big portfolio of games like that. And we’d love to do more with Netflix, who wouldn’t, as long as the consumers are happy to be there and as long as the economics of those arrangements make good sense.
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hi, guys. Good afternoon. So on NBA 2K, I think it was enjoying some pretty strong engagement in RCS trends into the early part of fiscal 3Q, at least. Any thoughts or explanation around what transpired thereafter? And just any more additional color you can give us in terms of your expectations for fiscal 4Q.
Karl Slatoff: So – I’m sorry. Sorry, Strauss. The NBA has – the game has been incredible for NBA 2K24, and that continues to be the case. We still have very strong momentum around RCS, also driven specifically by our Season Pass. The Gen 9 SKU is performing incredibly well. We’ve got double-digit growth over 2K23 at this point. Yet, the real story here is that Gen 8 is actually underperforming our expectations. And I think as people transition more towards Gen 9 and experience all that NBA, the franchise, has to offer in the Gen 9 SKU, then you’re going to see continued growth in that franchise. So we feel really great about where the engagement is. Engagement in the title is fantastic. It really is – any sort of softness that we’re seeing is really a story about the Gen 8 product at this point.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer & Company. Please proceed.
Martin Yang: Thank you for taking my question. The two-part question regarding GTA trailer’s reception, do you see a meaningful uplift for themselves due to the trailer performance on YouTube? And then given that strong performance, do you think that – could be future marketing events for GTA could be planned in conjunction with potential updates from other games, GTA, Red Dead? Does that change your view on how to market to GTA VI in the next 12 months?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we’re really gratified that the announcement of the trailer was a huge event online, and then the trailer debut between YouTube and other marketing partners set a record for a video to view. So we couldn’t be happier or more excited by the initial trailer. And I do think that excitement around GTA VI has had a halo effect on the entire franchise. We’ve now sold in 195 million units of GTA V, and GTA Online continues to perform above our expectations. So I do think all things GTA lead to more excitement. As far as the marketing programs, I think Rockstar is particularly expert in marketing their titles and, I think, is considering all the appropriate angles.
Martin Yang: Got it. Thank you. And then another question regarding marketing is we’ve seen Judas and Top Spin with trailers and the revealers or teasers without a release date. Is there overall philosophy to market new games change? Or is it still largely based on studio level decision on when they will release or announce the release dates for new games?
Strauss Zelnick: Marketing is really driven by our labels and our studios, and we don’t have a fixed march to a release from particular marketing needs.
Martin Yang: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Timothy O’Shea with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Timothy O’Shea: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Back on Grand Theft Auto. We’ve spoken about the Grand Theft Auto trailer. My question is really, is there a way to quantify or maybe compare what you saw in terms of all this anticipation for GTA VI compared with how the level of anticipation that you saw for GTA V ahead of that games announcement? And then I had a follow-up.
Strauss Zelnick: It is possible to do research around that. And our sense is that the anticipation is much higher, much, much higher. On the other hand, 195 million units to date is nothing to sneeze at. So we stopped well short of making predictions about how the title will do, but clearly, anticipation is running very, very high.
Timothy O’Shea: Yes. Thank you. That’s very helpful. And then just quickly, can we talk about how you make the decision about when to launch a game like Grand Theft Auto VI, like who makes the call, what motivates them? Assuming this is game quality, game finish polish, maybe there’s a desire to hit a specific launch window or really anything else that might influence Rockstar’s decision about the timing of when to launch this game. Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: We’re seeking perfection. And when we feel we’ve optimized creatively, that’s the time to release. So – and we’re all in this together. In terms of motivations and incentives, the financial incentives of everyone who works at this company are aligned with those of the shareholders. So we essentially have – call it what you will, we have profit sharing plans throughout the company at the operating level. And at the senior level, compensation is driven largely by TSR. So our goal is to align the interest of everyone who works there with the interest of the shareholders. That keeps us all pointing in the same direction. So you are right, there is inherent tension potentially between getting something to market and creating perfection, but this company errs on the side of perfection.
Timothy O’Shea: Thanks, Strauss. Yes, anticipation is pretty high around here too. So we look forward to seeing again.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Hickey with Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mike Hickey: Hey Strauss, Karl, Lainie and Nicole. Thanks for taking our questions. Lainie, just curious on your updated ‘25 view, I think this is two quarters it’s come down a bit, maybe now more than the last quarter. And I think I heard you said that maybe ‘25 and ‘26 is sort of the same. So, any color you can give us in terms of sort of bridging where you were for ‘25 versus what you are thinking now? And if in fact you are still thinking ‘25 and ‘26 together is kind of where your original guidance was. And then on the cost cutting, obviously, we are seeing a lot of that in the industry. I don’t know if it’s unprecedented trials or not, but no doubt, it’s significant. And you have already gone through one round. Just sort of curious your motivation here to take another sort of big cost reduction, especially given what it look like, the next 2 years, you are going to have pretty significant growth given your pipeline coming to fruition. Thanks guys.
Strauss Zelnick: Lainie?
Lainie Goldstein: Hi Mike. So, for fiscal year ‘25, as I mentioned, it’s really driven by changes in the release schedule. And obviously, that will move some of the titles out into years going forward because the lifetime value of our portfolio hasn’t changed. So, we should – we do expect to see growth in fiscal year ‘26 over ‘25, so that hasn’t changed. So, it’s just a regular process of re-forecasting and updating the business. And this time, we are working on our budget. So, that’s where the numbers are falling out.
Strauss Zelnick: And Mike, in terms of cost reduction, as I have said and as you know, we have a three-part strategy that’s supported us well through thick and thin. And that is, first and foremost, to be the most creative company, also to be the most innovative and, finally, always to be the most efficient company in the entertainment business. And that’s a big challenge. And we mean it, and everyone here means it. And I think that it’s time to take another look at efficiency and make sure that everyone is focused on the things that really matter and only the things that really matter and put ourselves in a position where we have the opportunity for great operating leverage as these titles come to market and as the revenues flow through the system.
Mike Hickey: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. Strauss, I just wanted your opinion on this recent Disney and Epic deal. Obviously, you have your own strong IP, but we are just curious how you think that might impact access to license IP maybe for the industry at large, if we continue to see this type of tie-ups? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: It’s a good question. I only know what I read in the release and what you also read. What I read was that they are making an investment in a leading company, Epic, which is – obviously has a spectacular franchise in Fortnite. And then there was some talk around sort of creating a Fortnite/Disney ecosystem. And I don’t know exactly what that means, but I am not betting against my friends at Epic or Disney. And I wish them well. So, I guess it remains to be seen, but they are two fine companies. I think anything that’s good for consumers and it creates excitement in our industry is good for Take-Two because it keeps people engaged with the properties that we bring to market, and we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business, bar none. And we are the number two player in the space, so – and we would like to go from here. So, I see it as a net positive for the business, and we will see how they do with it. But I am certainly not betting against them.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Omar Dessouky: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Back in May, on your fourth quarter call, you gave a $1 billion operating cash flow guide. And since you have updated us on the fiscal ‘25 top line outlook, I was wondering if you could also update us on the fiscal ‘25 operating cash flow outlook and any puts and takes around that? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Strauss Zelnick: Great. That’s Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: So, Omar, we haven’t updated that number. We are still working on our budget right now. We would expect that number to change along with the release schedule changes, and it will depend on when the titles are released during the year of when the – a UFCF will be collected.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. So, maybe riffing off of Brian’s question about kind of Epic and Disney, thinking about Grand Theft Auto online, do you see any potential for Grand Theft Auto to be a trans-media property, which maybe involves brands and IP from franchises outside of Take-Two? Yes, that’s the question.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Look, we really do prefer that our labels talk about what’s going to go on in the title creatively. And I could riff endlessly and share my opinions, but I prefer to hear from Rockstar. And they will talk about what’s coming in due time.
Omar Dessouky: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Shaw with UBS. Please proceed.
Chris Shaw: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. Just going back to the Zynga deal, at the time, you had talked about revenue synergies that would come through in time. Can you just remind us where those initiatives stand today and how your thoughts might have evolved since you closed the deal? And then second question, just any early learnings you can give us on the iOS fee changes in Europe and how this might inform your mobile strategy going forward? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean we have made great progress across the-board, including on the revenue side. The biggest area of synergy so far has been our direct-to-consumer initiative, which is a collective initiative to offer the consumer the ability to purchase in-app currency for mobile games directly. And that’s been exceedingly successful, rolled out very quickly and quite profitable, and there is a lot more upside to come. There are numerous other areas on which we are making progress. We are kind of ticking the box with that one by itself. And in terms of game store changes, this will – there is a lot of moving parts here. And some of the decisions you mentioned in Europe and some of the decisions in the U.S. are contradictory. So there is a lot of dust left to shake out. But on balance, I remain of the view that I have stated years ago that distribution costs will come down meaningfully. They already are.
Chris Shaw: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed.
Clay Griffin: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Curious if you guys have a reaction to speculation. I suppose that Microsoft maybe looking to take some of the titles that were formerly exclusive to the Xbox platform and making those more widely available. It seems at least part of that rationale, if it’s true, maybe around just the cost to develop big titles. And Strauss, love to get your thoughts on particular areas of development that are particularly sticky as it relates to cost? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, the big console titles are expensive and time-considering to create. And if you want to make the very, very best, it takes a long time and it costs a lot of money. I really don’t want to speak for Microsoft and their strategy. There has been a lot of noise around that lately. I have no doubt that they will express where they’re heading. I would just say that if you take a look at their market cap now compared to a few years ago, you don’t want to bet against that management team.
Clay Griffin: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Strauss for closing remarks.
Strauss Zelnick: First, as always, I want to thank our teams for delivering such great work, with such extraordinary commitment. Everything that goes on here is a team effort and we are all aligned, all in this together and all working to do our level best to create the best entertainment for our consumers and to do it within the four walls of superb company with a great culture. I also want to thank our shareholders for their continued support. We are really excited about what is to come. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-11-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 ended September 30, 2023. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session, following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. We delivered another consecutive quarter of excellent results highlighted by net bookings of $1.44 billion, which was at the high end of our guidance and management results that exceeded our plans. While we expect continued macroeconomic uncertainty, we believe that we're well positioned for the holiday season and are reiterating our fiscal 2024 net bookings guidance of $5.45 billion to $5.55 billion. Looking ahead, I'm exceedingly optimistic about our company's multiyear growth trajectory and our ability to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. Our development pipeline is robust and diverse and we're getting closer to delivering the groundbreaking titles that our audiences throughout the world have been anticipating eagerly. Our unwavering commitment to being the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient entertainment company gives us great confidence that our offerings will surpass our players' expectations and set new standards of creative excellence in our industry. Now turning to the performance of our titles during the quarter. Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continue to surpass our expectations, an outstanding achievement for two titles celebrating their tenth anniversaries. To-date, Grand Theft Auto V is sold in approximately 190 million units. Grand Theft Auto Online experienced continued momentum due to the rollout of new gameplay and items from the San Andreas Mercenaries update with new seasonal events, vehicles, modes, clothes and weapons driving sustained engagement and net bookings. Our GTA+ membership program continued to grow and we're deepening our relationships with our player communities through new offerings, which now include access to a rotating assortment of classic Rockstar Games titles. During the quarter, Rockstar Games announced that CitizenFX, the team behind the FiveM and RedM role-playing communities for Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption 2, officially joined the label. With their immense passion and creativity, CitizenFX has been pivotal in expanding the possibilities of user-generated content around Rockstar's leading titles. We're excited to see them continue to build these creative communities and help them thrive into the future. We're also thrilled by today's announcement from Rockstar Games founder Sam Houser that the eagerly anticipated first trailer for the next Grand Theft Auto will be revealed this coming December. As the label approaches its 25th anniversary next month we congratulate Rockstar Games on their constant innovation in the pursuit of the highest quality interactive entertainment. Red Dead Redemption 2 surpassed our plans and has sold in more than 57 million units to date. Rockstar Games continues to support Red Dead Online with new content including bonuses for the naturalist and bounty hunters, and new free roam missions and events. In addition, Rockstar Games expanded the audience for the franchise with the launch of Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare for PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch. On September 8th, 2K and Visual Concepts once again redefined the number one NBA simulation experience in our industry with the successful worldwide launch of NBA 2K24. With exciting new features and next generation enhancements, the title is off to a great start and to date has sold in over 4.5 million units. NBA 2K24 features new season pass options that provide players with the opportunity to earn even more rewards as well as a new seasonal progression that tracks and combines my career and my team into one linear reward system. Engagement has been phenomenal with season pass and virtual currency bookings exceeding our plans and driving double growth in ARPU compared to NBA 2K23. Our franchise extensions continue to perform extremely well including NBA 2K Mobile, NBA 2K Online in China, and the recently launched NBA 2K24 Arcade Edition on Apple Arcade. I'd like to thank 2K and Visual Concepts for continuing to bring innovation and creativity consistently to our beloved franchise. 2K continues to support LEGO 2K Drive with its second drive pass season and the Creators Hub and PGA Tour 2K23 with additional pros and gear. In addition, the label harness the power of our industry leading catalog with the launch of the Borderlands Collection Pandora's Box, which bundles together all six acclaimed Borderlands Games and their previously released add-on content into a single offering at an amazing value. We have great respect for the team at Gearbox, and we value deeply our long-term relationship. Zynga once again delivered solid results during the quarter and we remain pleased with its ongoing performance. We continue to benefit from Zynga's ability to create engaging new games, which is a distinguishing capability of our mobile business. For example, Rollic successfully launched PowerSlap, based on the world's first regulated and sanctioned slap fighting promotion. The title is highly entertaining and to date has experienced more than 1 billion slaps across training and matches. With the launch of this new mobile game, Rollic has now had 22 titles reach the number one or two spot in the US Apple app store. We'd like to thank the entire team over at TKO including Ari Emanuel and Dana White for their strong partnership as well as our colleagues at Rollic created this title from inception to release in just eight weeks. Zynga also recently launched Top Troops and Match Factory, both of which delivered excellent KPIs and soft launch and appear to have strong long-term potential for our portfolio. And Star Wars Hunters continues to hit important milestones as we approach its planned release date in calendar 2024. Karl will discuss these titles in greater detail. Other highlights from our mobile business this quarter include our advertising bookings grew year-over-year driven by the addition of Popcore, contributions from strategic partnerships and our efforts to increase adamant inventory in many live games. We continue to make excellent progress in our profitability initiatives, including expanding the number of mobile games to leverage our direct-to-consumer platform. As we convert additional players, we're gaining new insights that we believe will better serve our players' preferences. We remain optimistic that over the next few years, most of our mobile games will leverage this highly accretive owned distribution channel. In addition, we continue to enhance the profitability and performance of our hypercasual business with multiple new games scaling rapidly and several games generating revenue from in-app purchases in addition to ads. Our live games portfolio also continued to deliver. Social Casino maintained steady performance coming off a great first quarter driven by new bold beat features which drove strong results, particularly in Zynga Poker. Additionally, we implemented new updates and events across many games, including Top Eleven and Dragon City, which drove audience growth as well as increased engagement in core systems, leading to better retention and monetization. We stand at an exciting time in our company's history with numerous growth opportunities ahead of us. As we deliver on our strategic priorities, we have the potential to create unparalleled entertainment experiences, engage broader audiences throughout the world and ultimately enhance our scale and margin profile. I'd like to thank all of you for your continued support, and we look forward to delivering our next phase of growth. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to thank our teams for delivering another strong quarter and adding to the ongoing positive momentum of our business. I'll now turn to our recent and upcoming launches for fiscal 2024 and beyond. On October 3rd, Zynga Socialpoint Studio successfully launched Top Troops, a new mobile game that blends strategy, RPG and merge mechanics to create a thrilling medieval fantasy adventure of combat and conquest. This marked the studio's first worldwide launch under Zynga following our combination last year. The game has seen positive player reception with an average rating of 4.38 on Google Play and 4.5 on the Apple App Store. Engagement has also been fantastic with over 2 million hours played in over 70 million battles fought since its worldwide launch date. 2K and Gearbox Software expanded the audience of our beloved Borderland franchise with the October 6th release of Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition for Nintendo Switch. The game now allows players to make the mayhem at home or on-the-go in a thrilling high-stakes adventure filed with genre-defining shooter-looter action. On October 20, 2K and Visual Concepts launched the WWE 2K23 Bad Bunny Edition across all platforms. Global phenomenon Bad Bunny is featured on the cover of the edition, which also includes a new playable version of this in-game character wearing the peril that he wore WWE Backlash 2023 live event. Zynga's Peak Games studio, the makers of Tune Blast and Toy Blast released Match Factory, a new puzzle game for mobile where players connect identical items, sort tiles and clear the board in a mesmerizing 3D environment. In soft launch, we observed strong engagement and modernization metrics as well as very positive player response as indicated by App Store review scores, which gives us optimism about the long-term potential for this new mobile title. Private Division has several exciting release as planned for this fiscal year. On November 28th, Roll7 will release their critically acclaimed and wildly imagined a third-person shooter skater, Rollerdrome for Xbox Series X and S and PC as well as Xbox Game Pass for both platforms. Also during the fourth quarter, Evening Star, founded by the industry veterans behind Sonic Mania will launch Penny's Big Breakaway, a kinetic Yo-Yo 3D-platformer for PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X and S, Nintendo Switch and PC. 2K and Visual Concepts are hard at work on WWE 2K24, the next installment of our popular Wrestling series, which will launch during the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, we continue to see great engagement and feedback from audiences enjoying Star Wars Hunters in soft launch across multiple territories. There are several exciting new elements that we are working hard to get into the game causing us to move the title's worldwide launch window to calendar 2024. Private Division is working with Weta Workshop on Tales of the Shire, a game set in the Middle Earth universe and inspired by the books of JRR Tolkien. The team recently released a teaser trailer showing fans a glimpse of the project, which is planned for release in calendar 2024 during our fiscal year 2025. Also, Zynga plans to globally launch Game of Thrones Legends, an all-new RPG puzzle oriented mobile title. In addition to our full game releases, our labels will continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our key offerings. Our hyper-casual studio plan to release a steady cadence of mobile titles for games that have the potential for enhanced retention rates and a mix of in-app purchases and advertising to drive higher monetization and profitability. Looking at the balance of this fiscal year and beyond, we are highly optimistic about what we believe to be the strongest and most exciting development pipeline in our company's history. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss the key highlights of our second quarter before reviewing our financial outlook for the full year and third quarter of fiscal 2024. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. We delivered another great quarter, which demonstrates the enduring strength of our catalog, our ability to deliver deeply engaging post-launch content and our commitment to disciplined execution. At the same time, our teams continue to make excellent progress advancing our development pipeline, which gives us confidence in our multiyear growth trajectory. I'd like to thank our incredible teams worldwide for their hard work and passion for our business. Now moving onto our results. We achieved net bookings of $1.44 billion, which was at the high end of our guidance range. Our performance reflects better-than-expected results from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Redemption. During the quarter, we released NBA 2K24, Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare for Switch and PlayStation 4. Borderlands Collection, Pandora's Box and PowerSlap. Recurrent consumer spending declined 7% for the period, which was in line with our outlook and accounted for 78% of net bookings. GAAP net revenue decreased 7% to $1.3 billion, while cost of revenue increased 24% to $884 million, driven by an impairment charge of $220 million and $190 million amortization of acquired intangibles. Operating expenses increased by 3% to $959 million and included $165 million of loan impairment, representing a partial impairment of one of our reporting units. On a management basis, operating expenses were flat year-over-year, which is favorable to our guidance. This was driven by lower marketing expenditures, some of which shifted to later this year. Turning to our guidance. I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. As Strauss mentioned, we are reiterating our net bookings outlook range of $5.45 billion to $5.55 billion. The largest contributors to net bookings are planned to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Empires & Puzzles, Toon Blast, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Words with Friends, Merge Dragon and Zynga Poker. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 49% Zynga, 31% 2K, 18% Rockstar Games and 2% other. And we forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 65% United States and 35% international. We are projecting the current consumer spending growth of 4% compared to fiscal 2023, which assumes an increase for NBA 2K as well as Zynga since we will own the business for a full 12 months this year. For Grand Theft Auto Online, Virtual Currency and GTA+ membership is expected to be flat. RCS is expected to represent 78% of net bookings. We plan to generate approximately $100 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow and to deploy approximately $150 million for capital expenditures, primarily to support our office build-outs and larger footprint. We continue to forecast GAAP net revenue to range from $5.37 billion to $5.47 billion. Our total operating expenses are now planned to range from $3.53 billion to $3.55 billion as compared to $3.45 billion last year. On a management basis, we continue to expect operating expense growth of approximately 14% year-over-year due to a full year of Zynga, an increase in personnel and marketing expenses and higher depreciation of office build-outs and capitalized IT expenses, which are being partially offset by the realization of synergies from our combination with Zynga and savings from our cost reduction program. We remain vigilant in our efforts to optimize our cost structure and reduce discretionary costs where possible, while still investing for growth. Now moving on to our guidance for the fiscal third quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.3 billion to $1.35 billion compared to $1.4 billion in the third quarter last year. Our release date for the quarter includes two mobile titles Top Troops and Match Factory as well as Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition, all of which have been released. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Empires & Puzzles, Toon blast, Red Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Words with Friends, Merge Dragons and Zynga Poker. We project the current consumer spending to decrease by approximately 5%, which assumes a modest decline in our mobile business, which is being partially offset by expected growth in NBA 2K. The Grand Theft Auto Online, virtual currency and GTA+ membership is expected to be up. We project GAAP net revenue to range from $1.29 billion to $1.34 billion. Operating expenses are planned to range from $826 million to $836 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 7% year-over-year driven by higher personnel and depreciation expenses, which are being partially offset by the Zynga synergies and our cost savings initiatives. In closing, there are many exciting upcoming catalysts that we believe will enable our company to achieve new record levels of financial performance. Powered by our incredible talent, we believe that our projects in development will set new standards for creativity and engagement in our industry while also significantly enhancing our financial profile. We'd like to thank all our stakeholders for being on this journey with us, and we can't wait to share more details with you. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for enabling us to achieve our goals and to deliver another strong quarter. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one -- and I just have one follow-up. The first one, in last quarter, you reiterated your fiscal '25 and '26 guidance. I think you announced Sam Houser mentioned, we'll get a trailer for Grand Theft Auto, I think, in December. How are you feeling about those two years? And any reason why you mentioned those two years in the reiteration of guidance?
Lainie Goldstein: Due to shifts in our pipeline, our expectations are that net bookings will now be below $8 billion, but not necessarily. So it really isn't a big change, and we expect growth in 2016 as well.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. Thank you. And then kind of just turning to high-level question. The acquisition of FiveM seems super interesting. In that it could allow you guys to maybe learn more about user-generated content and find ways to monetize that and expand your audience. What's the broader thought of making an acquisition like that and how it fits in, not just with Grand Theft Auto, but maybe the company as a whole?
Strauss Zelnick: We're really excited about it. I mean, to be clear, this is a small economic opportunity right now and a small cost to us. We want to be where the consumer is and what's going on in role playing and really in two ways. Number one, the people are actually playing in old playing servers and number two, the people are watching what they're doing on Twitch. Both are really interesting. The actual people playing is a relatively modest audience. It's in the hundreds of thousands. But the people watching, that's a huge audience. And we're interested in first of all making sure that our intellectual property is protected. We're also really interested in meeting the consumer where the consumer is. And for certain consumers bonding is a really important activity. And finally, people are consuming our intellectual property, we would like to monetize it if we can. We think this gives us an opportunity to do all of the above.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. Please proceed.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing with players who engage with GTA+? Are there different how they interact with the game versus someone who's not a subscriber.
Strauss Zelnick: We don't see materially different behavior. We think it's a great addition. We're thrilled to engage with our consumers in this way. And it's a learning experience, but it's also gratifying that GTA+ continues to grow and be more and more relevant to more and more consumers.
Eric Handler: Then, Lainie, maybe you can just a quick clarification. At least on a GAAP basis, advertising was down. Is there a difference between GAAP revenue for advertising and advertising bookings?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. There is -- in the gap there is some deferral of some of the advertising. So that's the difference between us being up in the quarter versus the gap showing flat.
Eric Handler: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. Please proceed.
Doug Creutz: Hey, thanks. Just wondering if you could give any more color on the write-down you took in the quarter. I'm guessing that had to do with some of your mobile assets, but whatever other color you can give, that would be helpful.
Lainie Goldstein: So we recorded an impairment charge of $220 million related to intangible assets and $165 million of goodwill representing a partial impairment of one of our reporting units. And this is as a result of an updated long-term projection for that reporting unit, but we're not giving any more details other than that.
Doug Creutz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Marok with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Andrew Marok: Thanks for taking my questions. So over the last couple of weeks and months of trying out some different additions of content for GTA+ subs, thinking about the Trilogy in particular. I guess kind of what learnings have you had from the different types of content included in the subscription and how it drives uptake?
Strauss Zelnick: That's the kind of detail that we typically leave to our labels. So we probably don't have much more to add today except what I said earlier which is we are thrilled that Rockstar is offering a subscription to avid consumers, and we think it bodes really well for the future.
Andrew Marok: Right. Appreciate that. And then one more, if I could. I heard a lot about some of the coming titles in mobile, kind of a greater prominence of licensed IP with things like Star Wars, Game of Thrones, Lord of the Rings. Just any difference in thinking as to the value of licensed IP on mobile versus console and PC. Thank you.
Karl Slatoff: So this is Karl. The fact is we do value both, both can be very, very valuable. Obviously, owning the IP in any context and also in mobile, the margin potential is much higher because you own it full and outright. Obviously, with licensed IP you have to pay royalty. But the mobile market is tough to break new IP. It's tough to get attention. And it comes out -- you can't argue with the fact that having a known brand out there is a way for you to get attention. So it's a give and take. I would say our perspective hasn't changed. In a perfect world, we would focus exclusively on owned IP. But the truth is when we see a good license that we think would have -- we have a great idea for a game for and if Zynga folks want to take it to market, then that's something that we're going to continue to pursue.
Andrew Marok: Right. Much appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much for taking the question. Maybe one bigger picture, one first for Strauss. You've seen a lot of media inflation and increases in subscription prices, broadly in the media landscape. How do you think about striking the balance between pricing and attracting a wider array of audience when you think about the content pipeline you're going to bring to market over the next couple of years to capture the right mix between those two dynamics? And then second question would be, are there any guardrails we should be keeping in mind in terms of the evolution of the DTC platform? And what piece or cadence that might continue to evolve as a percentage of the mix?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean you don't want to generalize to our business too much from what's going on in linear entertainment because the increase in subscription pricing and linear entertainment is really a reflection of the fact that too many streaming services were underpricing to acquire customers and then they realize those customers were not durable and the LTVs were upside down. So they were basically adjusting their pricing to make sure that the LTVs are potentially positive. And I think there's still more pain to come for some of those services, and I can wax eloquent if you want, although it has nothing to do with our business. In terms of pricing for any entertainment property, basically the algorithm is the value of the expected entertainment usage, which is to say that the per hour value times the number of expected hours plus the terminal value that's perceived by the customer in ownership if the title is actually owned, not say, rented or subscribed to. And you'll see that, that bears out in every kind of entertainment vehicle. By that standard, our frontline prices are still very, very low because we offer many hours of engagement. The value of the engagement is very high. So I think the industry, as a whole, offers a terrific price-to-value opportunity for consumers. That doesn't necessarily mean that the industry has pricing power or wants to have pricing power. However, there is a great deal of value offered. And look, it's our strategy here to deliver much more value than what we charge consumers. It's always been our strategy here. We want to make sure the experience is first class, and the nature of the experience is not just the quality of what we offer, it's also what you pay for it, everyone knows that anecdotally. So that's how we look at it. There have been precious few price increases in the business. The price increase, for example, the $70 for certain frontline products was the first price increase in many years after many generations. So again, I think we offer a terrific value to consumers. On the second question?
Karl Slatoff: DTC.
Strauss Zelnick: Regarding the direct-to-consumer platform, we think there continues to be a great deal of upside there, again, for consumers and also for our margins. It's still a relatively small part of our business. There's a great opportunity for growth. To be clear, we will always work with third-party retailers. We want to be where the consumer is. We value our third-party retailer relationships, they do provide marketing support. That's important to us. There are times when consumers want to have a direct relationship. We can do both. We can do all of the above. It is not our strategy to bring everything in-house.
Eric Sheridan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. So Strauss, you mentioned that the business is well positioned for the holiday season. What's driving that confidence? And how would you assess the health of your consumer? And then separately, I know it's just a subtle change to RCS, but what's behind the adjustment to that figure for the second half, given your fiscal 2Q is in line? It looks like just based on the commentary around the net bookings mix of Zynga, but just want to confirm that. Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: So speaking to the confidence of our holiday season. Look, simply, I think it's the strength of our catalog and the strength of our products and a lot of our releases are must-have releases. And any time you're heading into a holiday season, and I think everyone around the table and on the phone is hopeful that we're going to have a very strong hardware season this year. We do have a lot of titles that we think are sort of go-to titles for people to engage with. Besides -- and also, you're obviously -- we're also working off of the results that we've had to date, which are very strong. So the momentum feels positive. We've got a great lineup in place. And it looks like it's going to be a pretty good holiday season from a consumer perspective, particularly in the gaming space.
Lainie Goldstein: And for the RCS, the main driver is the reduction in Zynga's business for the remainder of the year. So we forecasted some of our titles including a more muted expectation for the holiday based on the current trends. And we're also continuing to focus on profitability in hyper-casual, which is reducing our top line but enhancing our margins. And then there's also some shifts in the pipeline, including Star Wars: Hunters.
Drew Crum: Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Omar Dessouky: Hi. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just wanted to get a little bit of clarification on what you said about shifts in your pipeline causing your fiscal '25 guide to be not materially below $8 billion. Is that because of shifts in your very largest AAA games in the pipeline, your smaller AAA games in the pipeline or your mobile games? If you could provide some clarity on that, I'd appreciate it. Then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We haven't even issued initial guidance for the year. We do that in the spring of the New Year, and that's when we'll give a lot more specificity around the release schedule. However, I want to reiterate, we are going to be shy of $8 billion in fiscal '25, but not materially so.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. Right. No problem. So then the other question is, obviously, super happy to see Sam Houser's message about Grand Theft Auto VI -- next Grand Theft Auto trailer coming soon. On September 26th, the SAG-AFTRA voted to approve strike authorization for video game performers covered under the Union's Interactive Media Agreement. Now they haven't actually strike yet, but there are negotiations. And I wanted to know whether if voice actors and motion capture actors were to go on strike, would it slow down the production of the next Grand Theft Auto at Rockstar. Does Rockstar have the type of employment contracts that would allow the workers, the actors to work through a strike?
Strauss Zelnick: Negotiations are expected to resume next week. We're optimistic and value all of our talent greatly, and we value excellent labor relations and we're looking forward to reaching an agreement that serves everyone well. That's always been my approach. I've been involved with labor negotiations in every entertainment industry there is in my career. They've always worked out just fine. In the event that they don't work out just fine, now we are completely protected.
Omar Dessouky: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with Benchmark. Please proceed.
Mike Hickey: Hey, Strauss, Karl, Lainie and Nicole. Great quarter guys. Thanks for taking my questions Two questions. The first one, Strauss, I'd be curious sort of your updated thoughts on AI here. It seems like the technology is -- at least the unlock here is accelerating in some of the use cases that we're seeing in terms of product and productivity seems very remarkable. So just curious what you're thinking there, if that's different or not? And then the second question, on the trailer in early December, curious what sort of impact you could think -- you think that might have on other Rockstar product catalog product. Obviously, it's already been strong. And I'm curious if that would be a catalyst boost for your catalog. And I'm curious on Grand Theft Auto Online, the sort of the strategic value of that live service given the vitality it has into the release of GTA next. Obviously, that's the set up you haven't experienced before. Thanks, guys
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, look, we've been in the AI business since the dawn of this industry. Our entertainment properties are created largely in and by computers, and we value tools and we create those tools internally, and we license external tools as well, and the new developments in AI are really exciting. And I've said publicly and repeatedly that I believe that they'll help create efficiency and in certain instances, allow us to do things that we haven't been able to do before. But it's going to allow that for our competitors as well. So I think the tool sets that come out of these recent developments will be commoditized quickly. And the efficiencies that we see, others will see. Do I think that generative AI is going to make hit games? No. Do I think that the need for creative people will go away? Absolutely not. I think, if anything, better tool sets just raise the bar. They give us the opportunity to do more and do better. So the changes will be menial work probably is reduced or eliminated, high-level work is enhanced in importance. So I think you'll see shifts in what we can do with our games. So you mentioned product. I think you'll see some shifts in product, positive ones, I hope. And you mentioned productivity, and I think you will, for sure, see shifts in productivity, but I'm not sure those shifts will drop to the bottom line because typically, when we've generated productivity with tool sets, we've just set our sights higher. And that's our story. Our strategy is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business and AI, I think, probably ticks all three boxes. But don't expect the price tags to go down, just expect everything to get better and competition probably to become more intense for people who are not able to avail themselves of the resources that we can afford. With regard to the expected trailer that Sam Houser posted about today, we're as excited as anyone else. And do I think there will be an impact on our catalog revenue? Potentially. Things are already going really well in that space. And with regard to GTA Online, I mean, it's one amazing story that here we are 10 years later after the initial release and GTA Online is going strong. Why is it going strong? Because it's phenomenal and because Rockstar continues to supply content and updates and engage consumers and entertain them more effectively than, frankly, anyone else in the business. As long as we keep doing that, we'll be very well positioned, indeed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed.
Clay Griffin: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I couldn't help but notice that Nintendo announced a live action film, Zelda film. I know -- for Strauss, I know this question comes up all the time. I guess maybe we'll close it this way. What's your relative willingness and perhaps even Rockstar's willingness to partner and find ways to extend Red Dead Redemption IP, Grand Theft Auto IP, just because it has been so successful from a marriage perspective. Just wanted to get your updated thoughts on that.
Strauss Zelnick: We've spoken about this many times. If we're willing to use the company's balance sheet to make a movie or a television show, then in the event of great success, we would benefit from it. But we're not prepared to use the company's balance sheet that way because the risk/reward profile is unappealing to us. They're very difficult businesses. I've been in them successfully. They're super challenging. They're not what we do. We'd much prefer the risk/reward profile of the business we're in. So that means that the only way we can be in that business is through a license arrangement with a third party. And let's put it in context. Mattel announced, they said that their profits -- expected profits from licensing the Barbie IP for a movie would be about $125 million. Now Barbie is a massive, massive hit and it's extraordinary hit. So you don't want to posit a massive hit and look at the numbers that way. Even in a really good news scenario, the license fees would be a fraction thereof for many of our properties, not really enough to be meaningful here. And we have to weigh that too against the risk of failure. And the hit ratios in the motion picture business are vastly lower than they are in the interactive entertainment business. Our hit ratios for console properties are in the 80% or 90%. The hit ratio for a well-run movie studio is around 30%, which is to say there's a 70% chance that the movie that we license could fail. And so in success, the number, in terms of the benefit to our bottom line, is it's not de minimis, it's not 0, but it's not really material to what we do around here. And in failure, we run the risk of compromising the underlying intellectual property. So it's a high bar. We have licensed 2 properties. We've licensed Borderlands to Lionsgate's picture coming. We've licensed BioShock. We're looking forward to that as well. And we have other titles in discussions, not anything ready to announce, but we're going to be very, very selective and very careful.
Clay Griffin: Makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo.
Brian Fitzgerald: We've been seeing more discussion of intrinsic in-game advertising, things like in-game billboards. And it seems like brand advertisers are getting more and more comfortable with in-game advertising. What are your thoughts on the broader opportunity there beyond mobile, beyond games within games, and maybe as well as your outlook for take this owned ad business and how that evolves? Thanks and Congrats on the quarter.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks. I mean you understand what we're already doing in mobile. So I don't think you want me to cover that. You alluded to that. With regard to console titles, we have advertising when it makes sense creatively and feels organic to the title. So for example, in NBA, if you go to a basketball game, you're going to see advertising in the arena. So it's perfectly reasonable to see the same kind of advertising in our game. But we're not going to do product placement where it's inappropriate, so that we can create a small amount of revenue. First of all, the numbers aren't huge. But secondly, anything that we do that takes a consumer out of the experience is problematic. So years ago, and I don't mean to take a potshot, but I'll do it anyhow. Years ago, there was a Bond movie, and James Bond, everyone knows he only drives an Aston Martin. He's only ever driven an Aston Martin. I don't know which iteration it was, but there was one iteration where they clearly made a deal with BMW and all the cars in the movie were BMW. And look, it ruined the movie for me. Because I -- to me, every time I saw BMW, I was like, wow, look, a little bit of product placement right there, a little bit of an advertisement. That's a disaster. So it's perfectly fine in basketball. It's perfectly fine in WWE. It's not perfectly fine in that title where advertising doesn't fit. As a result, I don't think you should expect that the numbers will be really material, although again, we do have an advertising business when it makes sense. That's completely separate, again, at the risk of being repetitive, from the mobile advertising business. That's a growth category for us. Our mobile advertising was up year-over-year. We feel really good about that.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: I think those are all the questions we have. I just want to say thank you again for everyone joining us today. We're thrilled with the results, and the results are driven by the creativity and passion and commitment of our colleagues, all 12,500 of them all around the world. They work really hard every day, and we get to talk about it here. But the work is done at the studio level, at the label level, at the corporate level. This is a company of great commitment to our strategy of creativity, innovation and efficiency, and we have a culture of ambition, hard work, excellence, seeking and kindness. And I'm really proud of that. This is a really unusual place. If we pursue our strategy and we do it in a way that's consistent with our culture, we've seen over and over again to do well. We're proud of that, and we feel very optimistic about the future. Thanks so much for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Take-Two Interactive's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Nicole Shevins, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 ended June 30, 2023. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session, following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that fiscal 2024 is off to a strong start, highlighted by first quarter net bookings of $1.2 billion, which was at the high end of our expectations, and management results were in line with our plans. Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, and NBA 2K23 exceeded our projections, which illustrates the long-lasting benefits of producing the highest quality offerings and amassing one of the strongest and most diverse portfolios in entertainment. In keeping with our core values of creativity, innovation, and efficiency, this quarter, we introduced new intellectual properties, advanced the development of our eagerly anticipated pipeline, and maintained our vigilance with cost management initiatives across our organization. Turning to the results from our titles for the period. Grand Theft Auto V continued to outperform and to date, the title has sold-in more than 185 million units. On June 13, Rockstar Games launched San Andreas Mercenaries for Grand Theft Auto Online, which offers six new major story-based missions, as well as new Los Santos operations, Hangar upgrades, Smuggler Source and Sell Missions, seven new vehicles, and more. The update also includes a range of fan-requested experience improvements, as well as the Career Progress feature, offering players a new way to track their progression across criminal careers and claim rewards. San Andreas Mercenaries continues to deliver high value content post-launch using a phased approach that is driving sustained engagement and Recurrent Consumer Spending. This June, Grand Theft Auto Online recorded more players than any other June in its history outside of the height of the pandemic. GTA+, Rockstar’s premium membership service for GTA Online on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S, offered exclusive options for members to test drive and purchase an array of vehicles, and we are continuing to see strong growth in GTA+ adoption with each passing quarter. We were pleased with the performance of Red Dead Redemption 2, which has sold-in more than 55 million units to-date. Rockstar Games continues to support Red Dead Online with new bonuses and rewards, including free apparel inspired by the RedDeadFashion subreddit, and seasonal content such as April’s Condor Egg Freemode Event. NBA 2K23 exceeded our plans and the title has now sold-in over 13 million units, representing a 11% year-over-year growth, driven by higher demand, especially on Gen-9 consoles, as well as a more tailored promotional cadence. This incredible performance marks the title’s second-highest sell-through ever -- with only NBA 2K20 achieving higher unit sales. Engagement with NBA 2K23 remains strong, with approximately 2.6 million Daily Active Users delivering Recurrent Consumer Spending that exceeded our expectations. Our franchise extensions with the NBA continue to perform extremely well and NBA 2K23 Arcade Edition remains one of the top games on Apple Arcade. WWE 2K23, which is the highest-rated game in our wrestling franchise’s history and the second highest-rated sports simulation title of the year, experienced strong engagement throughout the quarter, with players logging nearly 22 million hours of gameplay and facing off in 170 million matches. 2K and Visual Concepts continue to support the title with a series of 5 DLC packs that can be purchased individually or as part of a Season Pass. 2K also continues to support PGA TOUR 2K23 with additional pros, courses, and Clubhouse Passes. In May, 2K and Visual Concepts launched LEGO 2K Drive, the first game in a multi-title partnership between 2K and the LEGO Group. Following the launch, our teams released the first of four Drive Pass Seasons for the title, which features 100 levels and new content inspired by the Fast and the Furious Saga. Also in May, Private Division and Piccolo Studio launched After Us on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X and S, and PC, which has been praised by critics for its striking visuals and game world. Zynga had a solid start to the year, performing in-line with our plans, and we are pleased with the ongoing progress of our mobile business. Ad revenue grew approximately 11% year-over-year, driven by the addition of Popcore and our ability to open new inventory supplies in our portfolio. Toon Blast has been introducing strong feature releases such as the Toon Race event, which drove outperformance versus our forecasts and helped the game recently surpass $2 billion in lifetime gross bookings. We made excellent progress on our profitability initiatives in mobile. We expanded our offerings on our direct-to-consumer platforms and continue to believe that, over the next few years, the majority of our mobile games will leverage our highly-profitable, proprietary distribution channel. We continue to enhance the performance and profitability of our hyper-casual business, with multiple new games scaling quickly and several titles generating bookings from in-app purchases in addition to ads. A few key highlights of Zynga’s live services during the period include: Empires & Puzzles grew quarter-over-quarter, driven by the new Path of Giants battle pass featuring daily and weekly challenges to unlock rewards. Rollic’s Twisted Tangle reached the number one Free Game spot on the U.S. Google Play store. Social Casino again delivered strong results, driven by Hit It Rich's best quarter in two years, and Game of Thrones Casino’s second best quarter in its history. Casual games continued to improve participation and engagement, with Words With Friends launching the new Club Daily Puzzle and Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells adding Bonus Levels and Special Delivery prize events. With numerous games in development and soft launch across Zynga’s studios, we are excited to start delivering several new offerings in the coming months. Turning to our outlook, we are reiterating our prior guidance of $5.45 to $5.55 billion in net bookings for fiscal 2024. We remain highly optimistic about our future and our ability to deliver record results in the coming years. Lainie will provide more details on our outlook shortly. In closing, as we continue to execute our strategy, we believe that we can increase significantly our scale and prominence within the industry, grow margins, and pursue the vast opportunities to engage even larger audiences around the world. Led by the passion, creativity, and innovation of our world-class development teams, Take-Two is in a powerful position to set new benchmarks for our player communities, which we believe will drive long-term returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to thank our teams for a strong start to the year. Turning to our announced launches for fiscal 2024. Yesterday, Rockstar Games announced that the beloved Western experiences, Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare would be coming to the Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 for the first time in a new single package, arriving August 17. In a new conversion by Double Eleven Studios, the Switch and PS4 versions bring the two classic experiences together again for new players and original fans to enjoy across modern consoles, including backwards compatibility with the PlayStation 5. On September 8, 2K and Visual Concepts will celebrate the 25th anniversary of our industry defining NBA 2K series and once again redefine basketball simulations with the launch of NBA 2K24, featuring the iconic Kobe Bryant as the game’s cover athlete for the second time in the history of the franchise. Players will be able to celebrate Bryant’s legacy and replicate his skills in the brand-new Mamba Moments mode. Players in the U.S. and Canada can also purchase the WNBA Edition of the game exclusively at GameStop, featuring WNBA All-Star Sabrina Ionescu, as this year’s cover star. NBA 2K24 will introduce cross-play, a community requested feature for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S. Available in every multiplayer mode, players will be able to compete with or against others from around the world in dynamic co-op matches, thrilling online tournaments, or casual pick-up games between new generation consoles. The title will also introduce ProPLAY, a groundbreaking new technology that directly translates actual NBA footage into gameplay. 2K will have more to share on NBA 2K24 in the coming weeks. In addition, 2K and Visual Concepts remain hard at work on WWE 2K24, the next installment of our popular wrestling series, which set new creative and critical benchmarks with last year’s highly successful release. In June, Private Division and Evening Star announced Penny’s Big Breakaway, a new 3D action platformer from the team behind Sonic Mania. This kinetic yo-yo adventure is expected to launch in early 2024. Zynga’s Star Wars: Hunters, which offers players the opportunity to join the greatest hunters from across the Star Wars galaxy is expected to launch later this fiscal year. Players will engage in thrilling third-person combat in a range of competitive game modes across battlegrounds from the iconic worlds of Star Wars. Also in mobile, Social point’s latest game, Top Troops, a medieval fantasy-themed title in the PvP merge genre is progressing well in soft launch and is expected to launch worldwide this fiscal year. In addition, our hyper-casual studios will release a steady cadence of mobile titles throughout the year, focusing on games that have the potential for enhanced retention rates and a mix of in-app purchases and advertising to drive higher monetization and profitability. Our labels will also continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our offerings, including Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online, WWE 2K, LEGO 2K Drive, PGA TOUR 2K, Kerbal Space Program 2, and Zynga’s mobile portfolio. Throughout fiscal year 2024, we look forward to launching additional releases from what we believe to be the strongest and most exciting development pipeline in our company’s history. I’ll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks Karl and good afternoon everyone. Today, I’ll discuss the key highlights from our first quarter before reviewing our financial outlook for the full year and second quarter of fiscal 2024. Our combination with Zynga closed on May 23, 2022, which affects the comparability of our results relative to last year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. We had a strong start to the fiscal year, powered by our portfolio of iconic, industry-leading intellectual properties. As we approach our next phase of growth, our teams continue to make excellent progress advancing our development pipeline and capitalizing on our revenue-driven opportunities and synergies. We also partnered together to maintain our focus on efficiency amidst the challenging macroeconomic backdrop and cautious consumer spending trends. I’d like to thank our incredible teams worldwide for their determination and passion for our business. Now, moving onto our results. We achieved net bookings of $1.2 billion, which was at the high end of our guidance range. In the current backdrop, many consumers are purchasing established franchises and those that offer great value, and our catalog stands at the intersection of these two trends. Accordingly, our performance reflects better-than-expected results from Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, and NBA 2K23. During the quarter, we launched Marvel’s Midnight Suns for Gen 8 consoles, Lego 2K Drive, and After Us. Recurrent consumer spending rose 38% for the period, which was above our outlook of 35% growth, and accounted for 84% of net bookings. The outperformance was primarily driven by Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K23. GAAP net revenue increased 17% to $1.28 billion and cost of revenue increased 39% to $606 million, driven by $187 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. We also recorded an impairment charge of $18 million, related primarily to capitalized software and development costs for an unreleased title, which affected our management results compared to our guidance. Operating expenses increased by 25% to $883 million. On a management basis, operating expenses grew by 46%, which primarily reflected a full quarter of Zynga, higher personnel costs, and depreciation related to office buildouts and capitalized IT expenses. Turning to our guidance, I’ll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. As Strauss mentioned, our business is performing well, and we are reiterating our net bookings outlook range of $5.45 billion to $5.55 billion. Largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Empires & Puzzles, Toon Blast, Merge Dragons, Words With Friends, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, and Zynga Poker. We expect the Net Bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 51% Zynga, 30% 2K, 17% Rockstar Games, and 2% Other. And, we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 65% United States and 35% International. We continue to forecast recurrent consumer spending growth of 5% compared to fiscal 2023, representing 78% of net bookings. Mobile trends are projected to remain stable, with Zynga’s ad business continuing to deliver growth. We expect to generate approximately $100 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and deploy approximately $180 million for capital expenditures, primarily to support our office buildouts and larger footprint. We continue to expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.37 billion to $5.47 billion. Our total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.38 billion to $3.4 billion as compared to $3.45 billion last year. On a management basis, our operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 15% year-over-year, due primarily to a full year of Zynga, an increase in personnel and marketing expenses, and higher depreciation of office buildouts and capitalized IT expenses, which are being partially offset by the realization of synergies from our combination with Zynga and savings from our cost reduction program. As we announced previously, our teams are taking extensive measures to review our cost structure and reduce discretionary costs whenever possible to offset the current consumer backdrop and inflationary environment, while still investing for growth. Now moving onto our guidance for the fiscal second quarter. We project Net Bookings to range from $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion, compared to $1.5 billion in the second quarter last year. Our release slate for the quarter includes Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare for Switch and PlayStation 4, and NBA 2K24. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Empires & Puzzles, Toon Blast, Words With Friends, Merge Dragons, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, and Zynga Poker. We project recurrent consumer spending to decline by approximately 7%, which assumes modest declines in our mobile business; NBA 2K, driven by changes to its summer promotional cadence; and Grand Theft Auto Online; as well as a reduction in DLC revenue from several titles that were released in prior years. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.26 billion to $1.31 billion. Operating expenses are expected to range from $811 million to $821 million. On a management basis, operating expenses are expected to grow by approximately 5% year-over-year, driven by last year’s acquisition of Popcore and higher personnel costs, which are being partly offset by the Zynga synergies and our cost savings initiatives. In closing, we are confident that the actions our teams are taking this year are preparing us for a strong trajectory of growth. Through our collective efforts, we continue to believe that we are positioning our business for a significant inflection point in fiscal 2025 that will culminate in us delivering new record levels of operating performance next year and beyond. We thank all of our stakeholders for their continued support, and we look forward to delivering on this exciting next chapter. Thank you. I’ll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering a strong start to the fiscal year. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Yeah. I just have -- I just had one question. Lainie called out consumer weakness kind of continuing. Could you just give an update on where you think the consumer is at. Is there a particular segment that's weaker than others? Just kind of an update on where you think the consumers are today. Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. I mean I love that people are debating whether we're going to be in a recession from the point of view of a digital entertainment company, we've been in a recession for the better part of 18 months. The market for interactive entertainment was down meaningfully in 2022, down for the first time in the history of the mobile business over 10%, pretty much across the board. Things are looking a lot better. The year-over-year comps have stabilized. We're seeing growth in the console market. It's early, but we are seeing some growth. Mobile sort of flat, slightly down. We hope that will improve. I do feel like we're all seeing some green shoots across the economy. But it definitely is a mixed picture depending on the U.S. So in the context of the entertainment business, live entertainment is doing great. But in the context of entertainment that people consumed at home during the pandemic, it's been challenging for a while. And again, I think it's beginning to normalize, but it's early days yet. When asked a couple of calls ago what I thought would happen in the economy, I said that I thought it would bottom out in June, July. And that by the end of calendar '23, we begin to see some good news and then we'd be in reasonably good position from an economic point of view in early '24, and I continue to believe that that's what will happen.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up on that with -- around media, I guess, if Hollywood stays in a recession, is that a positive, negative or does it not matter for video games?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we live within the entertainment ecosystem. So we would never wish for any other industry to have a problem. But if the strike means that new content can't be delivered, then I suppose it could be some small positive benefit for our business. But we aren't counting on that. We're certainly not hoping for it.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. Thank you so much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. Please proceed.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon and thank you for the question. Strauss, I wonder if you could just talk about with mobile advertising how much -- how many of your games beyond the hyper casual business have integrated advertising now?
Strauss Zelnick: Some, and we are moving in that direction selectively. Look, historically, for games where you could make in app purchases, less than 10% of the audience actually spent. So we are fielding a game for 100% of the audience and monetizing 10% or so, perhaps a bit more often a bit less. And it's our view that we ought to be monetizing 100% of the audience. So if someone's going to spend, that's great. And if they're not going to spend, then we ought to be able to monetize through advertising. The question is how do you do that and create a high-quality experience. And I think the answer is we can do that. We can distinguish among those audiences. We're not there yet, but I think we're moving in that direction.
Eric Handler: Thanks. And just as a follow-up, I wondered if you could -- willing to give any specifics about how much of the mobile revenue at this point is on the DTC platform and how that's progressing?
Strauss Zelnick: So we don’t actually give out that percentage. Some of our competitors do. And so one of our biggest competitors, I think, has gone on the record to say it’s about 25% and I think that’s a good number. We’re not remotely in that vicinity. There’s plenty of room for growth. I would note that Zynga’s advertising net bookings were up 11% year-over-year. So it’s really good news. And we’re really happy about the growth of our direct-to-consumer platform and what that can mean for consumers and also for us.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Matthew Thornton: Hey. Good afternoon, Strauss, Karl, Lainie. Two quick ones for me. Last quarter, we talked about obviously achieving north of $8 billion in bookings next year and north of $1 billion in operating cash flow. I'm just kind of curious if those are still the right boggies for next year. And then just secondly -- and I apologize if I missed this. Any changes to this year? Is it slate? I saw we've got the $18 million impairment charge here. But I guess relative to where we were three months ago, is there any change to this year's release slate. Thanks so much.
Strauss Zelnick: So the answer to question one is, yes, and Lainie will answer question two.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So for question two, there has been some movements within the back part of the year within the slate, but we’re still able to achieve the same guidance for the year, so reiterating our guidance. So just some small changes within the slate, but it has nothing to do with the impairment charge. So the year is still the same.
Matthew Thornton: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matthew Cost: Hi, everybody. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe I'll start just by asking about mobile M&A. I mean that was historically a very big part of Zynga's business. It seems like the market may be starting to fall out there in terms of deal activity after the three for the past year or two. I guess do you see an opportunity to lean back into M&A at the Zynga business number one. And then number two is just, Lainie, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that some changes to the promotional cadence for NBA 2K. I was wondering if you could just give a little more detail about what those changes are and the size of the financial impact? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: So on the deal side, it's hard to know. In terms of our strategy, we think we're in a position to grow organically. We have a lot of new releases coming from Zynga. We're really excited about them. As you know, hit ratios are very low in the mobile business. So we're not claiming success until it occurs. But we do feel really good about some new launches. And in terms of the promotional cadences.
Lainie Goldstein: So on NBA 2K 24, we expect to be up from 2K23 -- but 2K23 versus 2K22, there is some less promotional timing in this quarter versus what we did with 22 last year. So that's why we expect the title to be a little bit down versus last year.
Matthew Cost: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. Please proceed.
Douglas Creutz: Hey. Thanks. You alluded to this a little bit earlier, you and others have talked about how difficult it is to launch a new mobile title these days. We did see, however, a few months ago, competitive of yours launched scope we launched MONOPOLY GO, which is shot to number one in the App Store charts rapidly, has had a lot of success. As you have observed that, is there anything that you would sort of any lessons you would draw from their success that you think could -- you could apply to your own games that you have coming out soon?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, I think it's an established intellectual property that's been known and beloved for a very long time. And if you combine that with a high-quality expression, I think you can do very well. We don't -- we obviously don't know what they're spending to be in the position that they're in. I do know that we're very focused on profitability. So we're being careful to make sure that our user acquisition spending reflects a high lifetime value for our customer.
Douglas Creutz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much. Maybe just one bigger picture question. As you continue to sort of integrate Zynga moved further away from the acquisition. Curious your updated thoughts on how you're thinking about elements of AAA titles having sort of cross-promotion, cross-play across elements of console and mobile and how that might inform some of your development cycles in the next couple of years or some of the pipeline dynamics that fed back into some of the bookings longer-term framework from last quarter. Thanks so much.
Strauss Zelnick: We continue to believe there's an opportunity there. We do have titles coming that will offer an opportunity to engage on console and also in mobile. We don't think it's something that you have to offer, each title will stand alone. And a question you didn't ask, but we've also discussed the possibility of creating new mobile titles based on core Take-Two intellectual property. And that's something that we're also potentially excited about. In all instances, the consumer experience, the quality of the title is what governs, not the business model. So we have to create something great that consumers want. If we do, they'll show up and if we don't, they won't.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mario Lu with Barclays. Please proceed.
Mario Lu: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. The first one is on NBA 2K. You guys mentioned the upcoming cross-play feature was largely asked on by the community. So that being said, curious if there's any data points you could share in terms of how impactful this speech will be in terms of user engagement or recurrent consumer spending? And then is there any reason why it was not included on PC in the last June?
Karl Slatoff: So this is Karl, Mario. So look, we're very excited about cross play. It's something that our customers have been asking for and something that's natural for NBA. So obviously, we don't do anything in -- we don't put any new boats into a game unless we think that's going to have a significant impact on the experience for the consumer. That's something the consumer is going to love. And as end up leading to increased engagement. And obviously, as we say, when you get increased engagement, you get increased monetization and then everyone's happy in that regard. So all of these decisions are economic decisions, but it starts off first with the experience itself. And at this point, we're very confident that 2K is tracked and not on cross play experiences, and we're looking forward to that. And as it relates to PC and Ogan (ph) in terms of -- it's really just again allocation of resources, these decisions.
Mario Lu: Got it. That makes sense. And then just on a separate note, in terms of the topic of charging a higher price for users to get access to a game like early access during the launch, I noticed it wasn't included NBA 2K preorder pricing. Is this an opportunity in the future or is just something you guys opted out of? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: Yeah. We have – most of – it’s funny you say a higher price because when we have some early access games in the market right now, we typically would offer them at a lower price because it would imply that there’s more to come in the game, and it’s not necessarily the final version. We have seen the early access models out there in terms of holding back access and making people pay more for earlier access – that’s not something that we’ve done to date. I would never say never. But honestly, that’s a marketing decision. And our priority is really making sure that the game comes out, comes out in a timely fashion as the best experience possible. That’s something that makes sense. So it’s down the line, we could experiment with it. But to date, that has not been something that we’ve looked at.
Mario Lu: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
David Karnovsky: Thank you. Just on the bookings by label, I wanted to follow up on the guidance for Zynga. I think that's down slightly on the maintained bookings figure. So I wanted to see if you could walk through the adjustment there. And then sticking with mobile, you talked about hyper casual focus on releasing games that retain better, have a higher mix of IP spend. Just wanted to see if you could unpack the thinking behind the strategy there, what the traction has been and maybe how that impacts the ad revenue potentially from Rollic and Bapcor. Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein: So for the bookings for Zynga for mobile, there are some game shifts within the year. So there was some reforecasting of some of the existing games, and that's what has changed within mobile.
Strauss Zelnick: And then in terms of the hyper casual business, what we've seen is that there are some gains, particularly with the acquisition of Bapcor that are a bit stickier than the typical hyper casual business. And they have the opportunity to engage consumers for longer periods of time and also potentially lead to not just necessarily monetizing through advertising, but also monetizing through in-out purchasing. So we're starting to see that. We're starting to experiment with that. And we think that there's a market there for us. I think that people have been -- we've been calling is the hybrid casual market where you have the ability to not only monetize with advertising, but also in out purchases just because the experiences are a bit deeper and they last a little bit longer. So we think that's very exciting. I don't know that it's going to necessarily impact the advertising opportunity overall, but it certainly creates new opportunities within that purchases for us.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Omar Dessouky: Hi. Thank you for taking question. So you didn't change your full year guidance. And I wanted to know, I think David Karnovsky asked the question and you talked about Zynga a little bit. I wanted to know what -- whether your implied like-for-like guidance on mobile has changed at all since the last time you guided. And then within that, do you expect advertising to grow on an organic basis, that is excluding Bapcor. And I have one more question.
Lainie Goldstein: So we just mentioned that Zynga has changed a little bit because there was movement in the release schedule and some updates to the forecast. So we did have some changes in the rest of the year. So there were some changes in the release schedule. So there were some ups and downs within the year. But overall, we've kept the entire year the same. So we were at the higher end in the first quarter, but we kept -- we reiterated the full year -- and then in terms of expecting advertising to grow, yes, we do expect it to grow in the full year.
Omar Dessouky: Organically?
Lainie Goldstein: Organically, yes.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. Great. And then the other part of the question I wanted to ask was in terms of your direct-to-consumer channel, I think Strauss said that the majority of mobile games in a few years will leverage that channel. So you have a lot of games. We've counted well over 100. Not all of them are your big winners. I think there's a long tail of games. So I guess I wanted to ask, is it that the biggest games -- the biggest games are going to be on your DTC platform or is it just the sheer number of games? Because I'm trying to get a sense of how much revenue could potentially flow through that channel, if you understand what I mean?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I do understand what you mean. It really varies game by game. So if the game is not suited to direct-to-consumer and it may not be because of its style, it's the interaction that consumers have with the title, then there may not be an opportunity even though it's a big title and then there are other titles where it's a terrific opportunity. Again, we haven't established a number that we're shooting for, but I did quote the number that a competitor has outlined. And I think that number is kind of the high end of the possibility.
Omar Dessouky: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Hickey with Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Michael Hickey: Thanks, Strauss, Karl, Lainie, Nice quarter, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Curious Strauss, sort of big picture -- pardon upon, Curious what you're thinking on film opportunity. I know you're not Trim bandwagon guy, so -- but maybe this isn't that hard not to notice the results here from Super Mario Brothers and The Last Of Us. And this is an area where historically, it's been a challenge for Game IP to have success in new mediums. It looks like the formulas kind of involved the creative piece to the original game and have great story lines. And when you look at your portfolio of IP, you've got a ton of opportunities. It would seem like you certainly have a creative talent, you definitely have a great storyline. So two questions on that Strauss. Curious if your creative teams are motivated to expand their IP into new entertainment mediums like film or streaming episodic content. And then curious if you think IP expansion into new beam-like film can sort of complement your growth strategy over the long term. Thanks, guys.,
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. We think it's probably a relatively small opportunity economically. We're not going to use our balance sheet to invest in film and television projects. Those are typically very challenged asset classes with which I'm quite familiar. And to point out two success as notable as they may be, lies the fact that there are many, many failures where money was lost. So far, we've taken a very selective approach to licensing and we do have a Boelens (ph) movie coming from Lionsgate, and we have BioShock movie coming as well. We're excited about both. And selectively, we could see licensing in the future when there's a creative imperative and an economic opportunity. I think you're right. The reason there's been success lately was because you had great IP and then there was a great project that was made from it. And the reason you've had failure in the past is that the expression of the IP just wasn't very good despite people's best efforts. It's a really hard business. And we're not going to bet this company's future or the value of our intellectual property based on someone else's execution in another area of the entertainment business. So we'll continue to be very selective indeed. Even if we did take a broad-based approach -- in the absence of investing ourselves, the economic opportunity in the context of the much greater economic opportunity for our core business is limited.
Michael Hickey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. Two quick ones. Strauss -- not to get wrapped around the axle with semantics, but you said, hey, we had a phased approach when you were talking about GTA Online. Anything to call out there is a difference or an evolution how you're marketing and delivering incremental content or now it's just more of the normal MO? And then second question is on NBA 2K23 added to PlayStation Plus game of the months, that kind -- that definitely contributes to strong engagement, but we're curious whether or not you also see a meaningful uptick in RCS there among those PlayStation plus players, point being, if they are waiting to engage with it once it's in subscription service. Is there a lower propensity to spend in the game or no, actually, we see an uptick in RCS there as well.
Strauss Zelnick: So on the first question, by phased approach, I was referring to delivering somewhat smaller chunks of really high-quality content as opposed to waiting for a longer period of time to deliver something that's much larger. And both approaches can work and of late, the phased approach has been working really well. However, there's not one right approach. It varies with what the team has in mind creatively at any given time.
Karl Slatoff: And then in terms of the things like subscription services or game in a month, where the consumer is necessarily buying the individual game. Obviously, we don't do these things unless we think there's a significant economic opportunity for us to do so. So you can -- if you see it going in some of those services, you can assume that, that math has been done. And yes, we do see an uptick in recurrent consumer spending generally because we bring a lot of new players. And those players are valuable players. And as long as they’re engaged with the game itself, the engagement is strong and the conversion to RCS is very strong. It’s all about – and again, it varies cohort to cohort and varies game to game. But if we do drive significant engagement from folks who are coming into the game, we are seeing very favorable reserves as it relates to monetization.
Brian Fitzgerald: Awesome. Thanks, Karl. Thanks, Strauss.
Operator: Our next question is from Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Benjamin Soff: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to dig back into the revenue breakdown by studio. It looks like the percentage for Rockstar and other went up. And I'm just wondering if that's a function of sheer shift from the things you talked about with mobile or if your expectations for those segments that actually improved? And if so, could you talk a little bit more about that? Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein: So the update for Rockstar is based on the momentum in their current business. So there's some GTA 5 unit sales, some the Red Dead updates and some virtual currency with the GT Online updating. So it's just overall reforecasting of the business.
Benjamin Soff: Okay. Got it. And then just can you talk broadly about the competitive environment in the industry and whether you think it will be sort of at this level more competitive, less competitive, six months or 12 months from now?
Strauss Zelnick: I think it will be about the same. It's always hard to know. It's a very competitive business at any given time. But ultimately, we're really competing with ourselves because if there's a lot in the market that consumers want, generally speaking, they'll go consume it. And if there's nothing that they want, it's not like they consume the next best. They just stay away. So we have to deliver the highest quality properties. And if we do that, they'll show up in good times and in bad. I mean you're seeing that even in a mixed economy. The best titles still full big audiences.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing comments.
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to take a minute to thank our teams again for delivering a superb quarter, and we're really thrilled with the way this year is unfolding. Our titles continue to be a phenomenal quality. We're really excited about our upcoming releases. And obviously, very excited about the future beyond this fiscal year. And we also want to thank all of you for attending the call for your great questions. And naturally, we're grateful to our shareholders for their continued support. So thanks so much, and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you again for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-05-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Q4 Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of IR and Corporate Communications. Thank you, Ms. Shevins, you may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 ended March 31, 2023. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under our federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we concluded fiscal 2023 by delivering strong fourth quarter results, including net bookings of $1.4 billion, which were above the high end of our expectations. On behalf of our management team, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues around the world for helping us achieve these results and supporting our vision to become a more scaled, diverse industry-leading organization especially as we navigate an oftentimes volatile and uncertain economic landscape. With fiscal 2024 underway, our initial expectation is to deliver full year net bookings in the range of $5.45 billion to $5.55 billion. We're assuming a continuation of the current challenging consumer backdrop within our forecast. Additionally, the development timelines of some of our titles lengthened especially as we strive to redefine the creative standards of excellence of our industry, which affect our release slate for the year. Looking ahead, fiscal 2025 is a highly anticipated year for our company. For the last several years, we've been preparing our business to release an incredibly robust pipeline of projects that we believe will take our company to even greater levels of success. In fiscal 2025, we expect to enter this new era by launching several groundbreaking titles that we believe will set new standards in our industry and enable us to achieve over $8 billion in net bookings and over $1 billion in adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow. We expect to sustain this momentum by delivering even higher levels of operating results in fiscal 2026 and beyond. I'd now like to discuss several key highlights from fiscal 2023, which was a milestone year in the 30-year history of our organization. We delivered net bookings of $5.3 billion, which reflects both the transformative evolution of our company through our combination with Zynga, and our ability to create market and distribute the highest quality entertainment experiences. We made excellent progress integrating Zynga. The combination has been highly accretive to our business as we've embarked on new revenue-driven opportunities, exceeded our anticipated cost synergies for year one and enhance further our mobile platform through select acquisitions. As we approach the one-year anniversary of our combination, we're immensely proud of the trajectory of our integration and the strength of our shared culture and values. Our headcount now stands at nearly 12,000 talented individuals, including approximately 9,000 developers in our studios throughout the world, which positions us exceedingly well to reach the full potential of our pipeline. And we've maintained our focus on our core tenet of efficiency. We've taken a rigorous approach to our cost reduction program announced in February, which we believe will surpass meaningfully the $50 million in annual savings that we originally anticipated. Our fourth quarter outperformance was led by strong results from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Online, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Zynga's mobile portfolio. Broadly speaking, the macroeconomic environment remained relatively consistent with what we experienced throughout the third quarter holiday season, while consumers continue to exercise restraint with their purchasing behaviors they prioritized blockbuster franchises and titles that offered great value. As a result, our vast catalog of proven high-quality titles achieved strong results. As part of our ongoing portfolio management measures, we made the decision to cancel several unannounced titles in development, which we believe will enable us to tighten our focus and reallocate resources to projects for which our creative teams have higher levels of conviction expectations of success. Excluding the associated write-offs, our fourth quarter and full year management earnings results were above the high-end of our guidance. We manage our pipeline actively, sometimes making difficult decisions to ensure that we're meeting our creative standards and achieving financial returns that are consistent with the goals of our company. We believe that an evolving robust pipeline is an essential part of our long-term strategy to expand, enhance and diversify our portfolio to grow our player base and to launch a multitude of new hit franchises across an array of platforms and business models. Turning to the performance of our titles for the period. Grand Theft Auto V exceeded our expectations, and to-date, the title has sold in more than 180 million units worldwide. As hardware supply constraints receded, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online adoption on the latest generation of platforms continued to grow. For the first 3 weeks of Grand Theft Auto Online's Holiday update, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S consoles grew to 14% of its audience penetration and 25% of its revenue penetration, up from 11% and 20%, respectively, versus last summer's content update for the comparable period. During the period, Rockstar Games continue to support the passionate global Grand Theft Auto online community with an array of new content offerings, including The Last Dose an epic finale of the Los Santos Drug Wars update as well as the roving Gun Van, Taxi Work Missions, a new 50 Car Garage, new vehicles, clothes, weapons, modes and much more. Los Santos Drug Wars introduced a phased approach to delivering high-value content, creating a much longer tail of sustained engagement in net bookings than we've seen with previous content updates. Additionally, GTA plus Rockstar's premium membership program continues to perform well, driven by a positive response to monthly events since the launch of Los Santos Drug Wars. Red Dead Redemption 2 outperformed our plans and to date, the title has sold in more than 53 million units worldwide. We're also pleased with the continued engagement of players with Red Dead Online as demonstrated by its 10% year-on-year increase in new online players on all platforms. NBA 2K23 continues to grow its audience with the title selling in over 11 million units to date, a record for the series at this stage and achieving its highest ever virtual currency sales. In addition, engagement with NBA 2K23 remained incredibly strong, with approximately 2.3 million daily active users, including growth in The City, MyCAREER and MyTeam users. NBA 2K23 arcade addition continues to bring the best basketball experience to mobile devices and has maintained its number one position on Apple arcade. Building upon Visual Concepts’ resounding success and reinvigorating our WWE franchise last year, WWE 2K23 enjoys the highest metacritic review score average in the history of the series. Engagement with the game has been outstanding, players logging nearly 8 million hours of gameplay and facing off of more than 100 million matches. 2K is supporting the title with a series of add-on content that can be purchased individually or as part of the season pass. We value deeply our relationship with the WWE and look forward to continuing and expanding upon our successful partnership in the years to come. Private Division and Intercept Games launched Kerbal Space Program 2 in early access for PC on Steam, Epic Games Store and other storefronts. Our teams are encouraged by the incoming player feedback, and we've already implemented several updates with more on the way as development continues. Last week, Private Division announced a partnership with Game Freak to publish their upcoming new action-adventure IP, which is one of Private Division's most ambitious projects to date. In addition, Private Division and the Roll7 studio were recently honored with 2 prestigious industry awards, the BAFTA for Best British game for Rollerdrome and Best Sports Game at DICE for OlliOlli World. Zynga's mobile business had a strong finish to the year. In-app purchases were above our expectations. Momentum has continued and we were pleased to experience strong demand over the Easter holiday. Efforts to increase our advertising business are tracking well with ad revenue growing quarter-over-quarter and accounting for approximately 27% of Zynga's net bookings. Our teams are successfully increasing advertising supply in our games, investing in optimization and implementing new ad products, which are helping us monetize a much broader cohort of users. Our direct-to-consumer efforts are tracking well with numerous titles currently in our platforms and plans for nearly all mobile games across our labels to leverage our highly profitable proprietary distribution channel over the next few years. A few highlights of Zynga's offerings during the period include Empires and Puzzles, Zynga's highest grossing title drove engagement through its new in-game event, Season of Love. Zynga's social casino portfolio had its best quarter in nearly two years, driven by record performance from Game of Thrones Slots Casino and strong overall results from Zynga Poker, Hit it Rich! and Wizard of Oz Slots. Top Eleven had a robust quarter and launched its Proving Ground: England mini game update in February, which challenged players to recreate the greatest moments in the English football history. The new Race Pass from CSR Racing 2 continued to drive player engagement, retention and monetization with innovative new profile banners for players to collect.  We remain quite pleased with our hyper casual mobile business. Popcore achieved strong results during its first full quarter under our ownership. Additionally, Rollic has increased its profitability and the studio celebrated several milestones during the period, including the first anniversary of its hit title Fill the Fridge!, and social media inspired Pressure Washing Run, reaching the number one most downloaded spot in Apple's U.S. App Store. In closing, as we continue to pursue our mission to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient entertainment company in the world, we do so incredibly well positioned with a broader portfolio of owned intellectual property, a deeper pool of the industry's top creative talent, and the sound infrastructure to capitalize on the vast opportunities on the horizon. As we execute on our strategy, we believe that we can increase meaningfully our scale and prominence within the industry, grow margins and achieve record-breaking operating results for fiscal 2025 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to thank our colleagues around the world for delivering another momentous year for Take-Two. Our integration with Zynga has gone incredibly well, and we continue to release many of the industry's highest quality, most engaging entertainment experiences, thanks to the incredible passion and talent of our teams. We are extremely excited about our release pipeline, which includes approximately 52 titles through fiscal 2026. Our revised plan reflects several title cancellations as well as the reclassification of our mobile games to include only those titles currently in our plans for worldwide launch. For fiscal 2024, our pipeline includes 16 planned releases. We expect to deliver 3 immersive core offerings. This includes NBA 2K24 and WWE 2K24, our genre defining sports titles developed by Visual Concepts. Additionally, we expect to release an eagerly anticipated new IP from one of our premier studios later this fiscal year. We plan to release 2 mid-core arcade titles, which includes LEGO 2K Drive, the ultimate driving adventure game from 2K and Visual Concepts. LEGO 2K Drive brings the iconic LEGO Play experience into a vast open world where players of all ages can build any vehicle, drive anywhere and become a LEGO racing legend. LEGO 2K Drive is the first release in a multi-title partnership between 2K and the LEGO Group. We are confident that 2K's proven expertise in creating high-quality and engaging interactive entertainment properties combined with the LEGO Group's unprecedented cultural reach, will evolve the iconic LEGO games experience that fans love in exciting new ways. We also plan to launch 2 new iterations of previously released titles and 3 independent titles, including private divisions planned May 23 release of After Us from Piccolo Studios. Players of After Us will navigate stunning environments in a surrealistic world to salvage the souls of extinct animals and restore life on Earth. And lastly, we expect to release 6 mobile titles during the year, including Zynga's Star Wars Hunters, which offers players the opportunity to join the greatest hunters from across the Star Wars Galaxy. Players will engage in thrilling third-person combat in a range of competitive game modes across battlegrounds steady both the iconic worlds of Star Wars. Throughout the year, our Hyper-Casual studios will release the steady cadence of mobile titles, focusing on games that have the potential for enhanced retention rates and a mix of in-app purchases and advertising to drive higher modernization and profitability. Our labels will also continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our hit franchises, including Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online, WWE 2K, LEGO 2K Drive, PGA TOUR 2K and throughout Zynga's mobile portfolio. Looking ahead, we currently expect to deliver 36 titles throughout fiscal 2025 and 2026. As always, these plans are a snapshot of our current development pipeline. It is likely that some of these titles will not be developed through completion, that launch timing may change and that we will also add new titles to our slate. Our release slate for fiscal 2025 and 2026 includes 14 immersive core releases, 6 of which are sports simulation games, 2 mid-core games, one of which will be sports-oriented, 4 new iterations of previously released titles, 4 independent titles from Private Division, 2 of which include our previously announced partnerships with Wētā Workshop and Game Freak and 12 mobile games. In addition to our full game releases, we will continue to offer post-launch content for nearly all of our titles, including Virtual Currency, DLC packs and Season Passes. Given the strength of our upcoming release schedule and the high degree of visibility we have into our pipeline, we believe that we'll achieve the record levels of results that Strauss mentioned. Including over $8 billion in net bookings and over $1 billion in adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow in fiscal 2025 with further growth in fiscal 2026 and beyond. As we approach the significant inflection point in our business, we believe our expanding scale and margins will generate industry-leading returns for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss the key highlights from our fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 before reviewing our financial outlook for the full year and first quarter of fiscal 2024. Please note that our results include our combination with Zynga, which affects the comparability of our results relative to last year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. I'm so proud of our team for their strong execution and unwavering focus throughout the year. We made fantastic progress on our integration with Zynga delivered incredible high-quality content and announced several exciting new games from our pipeline. Efficiency was also a major area of focus. We announced our cost reduction program in February, and as part of our ongoing portfolio management process, we canceled several titles that we anticipated would not meet our internal hurdle rates. We are confident that all these steps will help grow our scale, enhance our long-term margin structure and ultimately deliver sustainable returns for our stakeholders. As Strauss mentioned, we finished fiscal 2023 with momentum and delivered fourth quarter net bookings of $1.39 billion, which was above our guidance range of $1.31 billion to $1.36 billion. This reflected better-than-expected results from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Zynga's mobile portfolio. During the period, recurring consumer spending growth 115%, which was above our outlook of 105% growth and accounted for 78% of net bookings. The outperformance was primarily driven by Zynga and Grand Theft Auto Online. Digitally delivered net bookings increased 76%, above our guidance of 70% growth and accounted for 97% of the total. During the quarter, 78% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 75% last year. GAAP net revenue increased 56% to $1.45 billion, and cost of revenue increased 207% to $1.22 billion which included impairment charges of $465 million related to intangible assets acquired from Zynga, reflecting forecast changes for a few titles and $54 million relating to capitalized software and development costs for unreleased and canceled console and PC title, a lot of which was included in our management results. Operating expenses increased by 130% to $926 million, which primarily reflected the addition of Zynga, which is partially offset by lower marketing expenses. And GAAP net loss was $610 million or $3.62 per share, which includes $302 million of amortization of acquired intangibles and $45 million of business acquisition costs. Excluding the $54 million impairment charge, our management earnings would have been above the high end of our guidance range. Turning to our fiscal 2023 results. Total net bookings were $5.28 billion, which was above our guidance of $5.2 billion to $5.25 billion. While the challenging macroeconomic backdrop affected certain components of our portfolio, we experienced favorable performance within our catalog of industry-leading intellectual properties and Zynga had a strong finish to the year. The recurrent consumer spending increased 88%, which was slightly above our outlook of 85% growth and accounted for 78% of net bookings. Digitally delivered net bookings increased 63%, which was also above our guidance of 60% growth and accounted for 95% of the total. And during the year, 74% of our console game sales were delivered digitally up from 68% last year. Non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow was $56 million as compared to our outlook of over $400 million. During fiscal 2023, we spent $204 million on capital expenditures. At fiscal year end, we had cash and short-term investments of approximately $1 billion and debt of $3.1 billion. GAAP net revenue grew 53% to $5.35 billion in cost of revenue income 100% to $3.1 billion, which included impairment charges of $465 million related to intangible assets acquired from Zynga and $79 million related to capitalized software and development costs for unreleased and canceled titles, the latter of which was included in our management results. Operating expenses increased by 131% to $3.45 billion, which primarily reflected the addition of Zynga as well as higher personnel, stock compensation and IT expenses. And GAAP net loss was $1.12 billion or $7.03 per share, which includes $1.04 billion of amortization of acquired intangibles and $270 million of business acquisition costs. Today, we provided our initial outlook for fiscal 2024. We project net bookings to range from $5.45 billion to $5.55 billion. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, and Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, our Hyper-Casual mobile portfolio, Empires & Puzzles, Toon Blast, Words with Friends, Merge Dragons, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Zynga Poker. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 53% Zynga, 31% 2K, 15% Rockstar Games and 1% other. And we forecast our geographic net booking site about 57% in United States and 33% international. We saw recurrent consumer spending to be up approximately 5% compared to fiscal 2023 and represents 79% of net bookings. Our forecast assumes 76% of console game sales will be delivered digitally. We expect to generate approximately $100 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $180 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.37 billion to $5.47 billion and cost of revenue to range from $2.51 billion to $2.54 billion. Our total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.39 billion to $3.41 billion as compared to $3.45 billion last year. At the midpoint, this represents a 1% reduction, reflecting lower acquisition costs, the realization of synergies from our combination with Zynga and savings from our cost reduction program, which are partly offset by a full year of Zynga, higher stock compensation and personnel expenses driven by the annualization of new hires and the effect of inflation on other business operating expenses primarily reflected in IT costs. We expect the GAAP net loss ranging from $477 million to $518 million or $2.80 to $3.05 per share, which assumes a basic share count of 170.1 million shares. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 18% throughout fiscal 2024. I'd like to acknowledge that our current forecast for fiscal 2024 reflects the continuation of the challenging economic environment as well as an extension of the development time lines for several high-profile and long-awaited titles. While this affects our expectations for our current fiscal year, our high degree of visibility into our pipeline gives us confidence that we are approaching a significant inflection point in our business where we will achieve new record levels of results for our business next year and beyond. Now moving on to our guidance for the fiscal first quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion, which reflects the full quarter of Zynga compared to $1 billion in the first quarter last year. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, Grand Theft Auto V, a Hyper-Casual mobile portfolio, Empires & Puzzles, Toon Blast, Merge Dragons, Words with Friends, Zynga Poker, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online. We project recurrent consumer spending to increase by 35%. Our forecast assumes that 79% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from slightly from 77% in the same period last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.21 billion to $1.26 billion and cost of revenue to range from $572 million to $592 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $827 million to $837 million. At the midpoint, this represents an 18% increase over last year, which reflects the full quarter of Zynga and higher stock compensation, personnel and IT expenses based on the factors I mentioned previously. And GAAP net loss is expected to range from $161 million to $178 million, or $0.95 to $1.05 per share, which assumes a basic share count of 169.4 million shares. The good thing is we believe that we are very well positioned in our industry to deliver the highest quality content, gain market share and enhance our profitability as we grow our scale and maintain our focus on efficiency. We're extremely excited about our next chapter of growth, and we look forward to our label, sharing more detail about the many exciting projects we have underway. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you, Karl, and Lainie, and thank you to all of our colleagues for your dedication, your hard work and these terrific results. We will now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Uerkwitz: I guess I'll just skip right to fiscal '25 and '26. It's pretty rare that you guys give to your guide like this and we've seen quite a few delays across the industry. Could you just give a little additional color on where the confidence is coming from on being able to provide that to us today?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, you're right. It's very uncharacteristic of us to talk about subsequent years at this time. We're doing so because we've been investing in a pipeline for a long time. And we now have a great deal of confidence that, that pipeline will be delivered in the next 3 years, 12 titles in fiscal '24, 36 in the following 2 years, up 44% of that is new intellectual property. The rest is new iterations of existing franchises, and that's mobile, console, PC and numerous business models. We couldn't be more excited, fiscal '24 titles look good and as I said, we're very confident in the years to come as well. And we thought it was important to convey that with transparency today.
Andrew Uerkwitz: And then just with the, I think, 44% of new IP, when you're looking this far out, can you walk us through a little bit like how you think about modeling those, the conservatism you're thinking about in some of those? Or just kind of how you come up with the forecast for the new IP?
Karl Slatoff: So as you know, new IP is always a little bit of a wildcard, and it's difficult to predict exactly how it's going to behave. Obviously, we're not completely flying blind because we do have a pretty comprehensive process of doing comps in the market. But you really just never know, which is one of the reasons why when we model out in our product investment review process, new IP, we typically -- actually, we never model out big hits nor its upside. I don't want to necessarily call it a conservative approach, but we don't look at any sort of outlying success. Obviously, everything that we invest in and everything that we release, we're looking to achieve that outlying success, and we know for a fact that not every single one of our titles will achieve that. But that is the game we're in, and that's why we're making these investments in new IP, which ultimately is the lifeblood of our industry, and that's why we're still very much dedicated to doing that.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Thornton: Maybe two from me. Strauss has been another 3 months and AI remains a hot topic. I'm sure you and team have had more time to digest and think about it. I'm just kind of curious of your latest thoughts on how you think it will influence the business and the industry. And then just secondly, as we think about the headcount and the infrastructure that we now have in place, are we kind of at a place where you have what you need to pursue this aggressive pipeline? Or do we still need some more investment. I'm just trying to think about the OpEx leverage and how to think about that as we kind of flow through the out years?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, as you know, I'm usually a skeptic when others engage in hyperbole. In the case of AI, I'm pretty enthusiastic. First of all, despite the fact that artificial intelligence is an oxymoron as is machine learning. This company has been involved in those activities no matter what words used to describe them for its entire history, and we're a leader in the space. So while the most recent developments in AI are surprising and exciting to many they are exciting to us, but not at all surprising. Our view is that AI will allow us to do a better job and to do a more efficient job. When you're talking about tools and they are simply better and more effective tools. I wish I could say that the advances in AI will make it easier to create hits. Obviously, it won't. Hits are created by Genius, and data sets plus compute, plus large language models does not equal Genius. Genius is in the domain of human beings, and I believe we'll stay that way. However, I think jobs can be made a whole lot easier and more efficient by developments in AI, and we're certainly looking forward to that. And as I said, we're already putting it in practice every day.
Karl Slatoff: So your second question in terms of costs. I'm not sure exactly what you meant by operating expenses. So I'll just kind of break it down about overhead. So publishing, overhead and corporate overhead. I would say, generally speaking, we're kind of at scale. We have what we need that's not to say - to achieve our plan over the next few years. That's not to say that we won't still be investing in those areas, and there will be cost increases associated with that. We're always looking for efficiencies but people do get raises, and we find needs as new opportunities arise. So I can't stand here and say that we don't have any more investment on publishing and corporate overhead, but we certainly believe that we're at scale. And we also believe that that's an opportunity for us to expand our margins based on the fact that we are at scale or very nearly at scale in that regard. On the development side, we do intend over the next few years to continue to add to our development capacity. That's something that we have been able to do successfully about 9,000 developers in-house today. That doesn't include our third-party relationships, which are vast and strong. And part of our plan is to continue investing in that area.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Cost: The first one is just about the long-term guidance. I think you mentioned growth in fiscal '26 off of a base in fiscal '25. Presumably, there's quite a few units of new games that are being launched in that year. I guess when you think out into fiscal '26, what are the moving pieces that you see driving growth year-over-year off of what looks to be based on the numbers you've just provided a very, very strong year in fiscal '25. And then the second question is just on mobile. You announced that you're going to be launching Star Wars Hunters this fiscal year, I think the game has been in development for some time. Are you seeing something in the mobile gaming market as sort of stabilization or improvement of marketing efficiency that makes you feel this is the right time to come out with the game?
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of our confidence in talking about what would grow as fiscal '26 over '25? It's the same answer what would grow '25 or '24, which is our pipeline, and it's the makeup of that pipeline. And I don't want to get into too much detail about what title unit expectations are, whether it's unit, it's title units or it's recurrent consumer spending because the fact is it's all of the above. But in the end, it's based on us delivering the pipeline that we have on plan and achieving the results that we expect. I really don't have much more to say beyond that. You want to do Hunters?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. On Star Wars, Hunters, you asked about the market backdrop. We are seeing some improvement in year-over-year comps. Mobile really was under a lot of pressure. The market is recovering a bit. It's still down year-over-year. In certain instances, we appear to be overperforming. And we're excited about many developments at Zynga. For example, advertising penetration, advertising that represents 27% of Zynga's net bookings, which is great. That will continue to improve. We're excited also about our direct-to-consumer platform, which obviously has an effect on our margins, a beneficial effect on our margins. So I think the backdrop is stable and perhaps improving a little bit. At the end of the day, what will matter, of course, is the quality of the title. Mobile is a very competitive space. We feel really good about Star Wars Hunters.
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Sebastian with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Colin Sebastian: Strauss, you talk about setting new standards in the industry, and I know quality is a big piece of that. But would be also curious to know beyond that, what specific areas of innovation within your games, you would say, keep the portfolio ahead of the competition? And then, regarding the fiscal '25 commentary, I'd just be curious how of that more than $2.5 billion in incremental bookings next year. What portion of that should we think of as falling into RCS versus, I guess, unit sales? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your question. In terms of how do you define innovation, if it had one definition, I think it would stop being innovation pretty quickly. But I think our labels are known for leading in new areas, whether that's a 3D view when there wasn't one before, whether that was downloadable add-on content many years ago or in-game purchases, virtual currency or the like that was the neighborhood or the city and NBA 2K, GTA Online, Red Dead Online, what you could do in those online environments, all of those were innovations driven by our labels. And everyone who works in the creative capacity at this company is trying to think about how do we engage and entertain consumers in a way that's novel that hasn't been seen before. We actually just had an internal e-mail exchange earlier today talking about the unknowns that we know in the next 10 years, there will be extraordinary changes in this industry. This is a highly dynamic industry. And we need to be not only current, we need to be leading the charge. Sometimes historically, we have. Other times, we've missed the boat, and we want to be at the front of the line and our creative folks work in service of their passions to make the best entertainment, anyone creates on earth. And again, we don't always succeed, but often we do. Our track record is pretty great creatively. And that's thanks to our 9,000 developers who work here and another 1,500 who work outside of our 4 walls to do work that Take-Two brings to market. So I'm sort of highly optimistic on the one hand and very mindful that this is a really ambitious challenge and the ambition is it's been emotional burden for everyone who works here, but also a great benefit when we succeed. On your second point, I think you asked us to distinguish between RCS and console sale and full game sales.
Lainie Goldstein: So for fiscal year '25, we are really excited to talk about it. It's a highly anticipated year. And we're really happy to talk about us hitting $8 billion in net bookings, but we aren't talking about what the detail of that is at this time.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Creutz with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Creutz: I just wanted to talk about your adjusted operating cash flow margins for a minute. If I go back to fiscal '18 through fiscal '21, you were pretty consistently in the low mid-20% range. It slipped down below then since then, I think, is a function of you investing against your future pipeline. Your fiscal '25 guide is over $1 billion in OCF against over $8 billion in bookings, which is still only about a 12.5% margin, if my math is correct, which seems low. Do you expect that in fiscal '25, you're still going to be investing heavily against future opportunities? Do you expect to get back to that 20% plus range in '25 or thereafter? Any kind of color you've given that would be great.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. It's definitely still going to be investing in the pipeline going forward. And we still have interest payments and tax payments through those years, but we definitely will see a lot of the titles that we have been building up on to the balance sheet coming out those years. So that will definitely be affecting the AOCF in those years as well. Operator Our next question is from Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Clay Griffin: I guess I'm thinking about the marketing strategies for some of these big highly anticipated title is different now than they were, say, maybe in the Red Dead 2 launch. I mean, notwithstanding the fact that a larger number of titles ought to bring a higher level of marketing support in the aggregate. I'm curious if the overall level of marketing efficiency against bookings is materially different now maybe the prior generation, I guess, in other words, awareness of your IP is already quite high. So just curious on that.
Karl Slatoff: Hey, Clay. I wouldn't say that the overall marketing spend levels are different. I think we continue to spend in a consistent manner. Although the makeup of that spending and the timing of the spending is definitely different now than it has been in the past. We don't spend a heck of a lot of money on TV, really, if any, at this point. Outdoor, a lot of those items are not really in our media plan. We have a lot more social spending than we did before, targeted spending performance marketing, et cetera. And it also used to be that a big portion of the marketing budget was spent prior to the release in the weeks prior to the release and certainly within the couple of weeks following the release. We still will spend a significant amount of marketing in and around the launch date, but it is much more spread out because we have the ability to monetize for a much longer period of time, and there are certain opportunities for us to market additional content drops. So you would see our marketing budgets are definitely spread out, longer than they would have been in the past. So those are really the two changes. But no, I don't really think there'd be a significant change in the scale of what we spend.
ClayGriffin: Got it. And there was some commentary about what sounded like a onetime cash tax issue in Q4. I just wanted to confirm that. And maybe just give us a sense of I mean what that was, we expect that to repeat? And just kind of general framework for thinking about cash taxes going forward? Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein: It wasn't really like a one-time taxing. It was a timing issue. So it's not something that will repeat, but it is our tax balances for each year. So it's something that we'll have tax payments every year going forward.
Clay Griffin: But the rate that you guys have been speaking to is there's no sense that that's moving one direction or the other.
Lainie Goldstein: Well, it's like 18% estimated tax rate is in our management rate and that's in the annual rate that we use for every year.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Dessouky: So I guess I was wondering if you could maybe parse out a little bit implied in your operating income guidance, mobile versus PC console. I think a number of your peers guided profits roughly at the same levels for calendar '23 as was calendar '22. And I was just wondering, just for starters, whether your implied guide is up or down, if you could tell me that? And then I have a follow-up question.
Lainie Goldstein: Can you repeat the first question? I'm sorry.
Omar Dessouky: Yes. No problem. A number of your peers that publish only mobile games have guided profits at similar levels in 2023 full year as 2022 full year. And I was wondering whether your guidance implies your profitability for Zynga and your Take-Two Mobile business up or down. I realize there's a number of moving pieces such as potential revenue synergies, reducing the cost of advertising and, of course, cost synergies. But is your implied guide for mobile up or down versus last year, like-for-like, including 53 days of Zynga.
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. So on a like-for-like basis for a comparable 12 months, the Zynga mobile business is up year-over-year.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. Okay. Great. And I'm also glad that you guys addressed the $500 million of annual net bookings opportunities in the presentation. So I wanted to dig into that for a second. The first question on that is, can you give us any sense of the cadence of how you might get to $500 million? In terms of like fiscal '24, fiscal '25, fiscal '26. The reason I asked that is because you guys did put out a cadence in the S-4, obviously, that's a long time ago, but any update there would be great. So the cadence first. And then the second, the ramp to $500 million. And then the second one is you have a couple of bullet points here establishing a more meaningful presence in key mobile first emerging markets and introducing mobile games from some of our most popular improvement intellectual properties. So does that include high fidelity mobile games? Is that what you're referring to there? And specifically for Asian markets, potentially using some of your PC console IP. Lots of questions I appreciate your responses.
Karl Slatoff: Hey. It's Karl. So in terms of some of the cadence around the $500 million revenue synergies, obviously, we're still very committed to that, and we feel very good about those opportunities for us. I think in the near-term, there are several meaningful opportunities that we believe our teams can actually start to begin to activate this fiscal year. And those are really more around expanding our D2C efforts more meaningfully in some of our other games. And also things like implementing new bold beats, marketing beats across the company, user acquisition optimization, creating centralized library of customer data across the company, integrating the Take-Two databases with the Zynga databases. All those things we're going to be able to start realizing some of that in this fiscal year and then obviously accelerate that into the next few years as well. In terms of the immediate and long-term, I think this will answer I think both of your questions. We do have a vision to introduce mobile games to some of some of our most popular properties on the T2 side into the mobile space. That's something that we're having conversations right now, nothing to announce specifically but the conversations are happening, and I would characterize them as very positive, and people are excited about that opportunity. I'm not really sure I understood the sort of reference to Asia and high fidelity, et cetera. But these are intellectual properties think about them as some of our more core type games. And by definition, you would expect and again, I don't have anything to announce right now because we don't have any games necessarily in development in that regard, that those games would be a little bit more upmarket because we do believe that there's a market for that. You've seen some success in the mobile space with other folks bringing their titles to market. Call Duty is a perfect example of that. We think that there is several of our titles that have that kind of opportunity. And I would expect those games to be a little bit more towards the mid-core arena. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question is from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Martin Yang: First question on Zynga, can you tell us that Zynga's developer headcount growth since it was acquired?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we don't break out the headcount label by label, but we did say that we have about 9,000 internal development people at the company.
Martin Yang: My second question is broader. I want to get your broader view on console cycles. When do you plan to stop supporting past gen consoles? And what goes into the decision of stopping for the past gen consoles for certain franchise or for overall Take-Two release games?
Strauss Zelnick: It really varies. I mean, obviously, our labels will continue to support platforms for which they believe there's a meaningful audience. And if and when the audience diminishes to a point where it's not economical to do so, we stop supporting the platforms. But in general, we're pretty supportive on an ongoing basis.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. Please go proceed with your question.
Brian Fitzgerald: A couple of questions on consumer pricing, not with your titles, but we've seen discounting on some of your competitors' recent releases they were anticipated AAA titles but were being discounted within days and weeks. So do you think the gamer is still struggling a little bit with coming to terms of $70 price points, maybe still macro impacted? And then the second one related to pricing is, again, you saw a strong RCS performance. Historically, the narrative has been gaming spending is resilient because even in macro because you get that bang for buck, relatively low cost per hour of entertainment. At the same time, the model is evolving to more live services, more RCS. Is that RCS spend just as resilient as the historical industry consumer spend has been?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We've talked about this in the past. I mean, to take your second question first. We do think that live services spending is probably more affected by macroeconomic conditions because you don't need to spend. If you have the game, you can enjoy the game. There are certain titles that we don't really put ours into this category where you kind of have toll boots. If you don't pay, you really can't play, but that doesn't describe any of our titles mobile or console. So we think spending in a live services environment is a nice to have for the consumer, not a must-have. And as a result, if the consumer is feeling a pinch that might be an area that would be more likely to be influenced negatively. In terms of the pricing point that you raised, we're not seeing a pushback on frontline price. What we're seeing is consumers are seeking to limit their spending by going either to the stuff they really, really care about blockbusters or to value. And sometimes it could be both. And the good news is like we have a bunch of blockbusters, and we have a wonderful catalog. The other news is we also have a robust frontline release schedule and without regard to price, there has been some pressure as a result. If a consumer sees something is interesting but not necessarily yet a huge blockbuster. We think that will change. This is a growth business, and this is a unique market. And nothing that's going on now is inconsistent with the view that we outlined during the pandemic. We said at that time, we were benefiting greatly from people being at home and an odd turn of events. And we set our expectations post-pandemic, as an industry be in a better place than pre-pandemic in a worse place than during time when people were sheltering at home. And that's exactly what's happened exacerbated by a challenging mixed economy and what I believe is a recession, at least if you look at it through the lens of people who purvey digital entertainment consumed at home and e-commerce suppliers. There's a lot of pressure in those markets. But the overall tailwinds of the industry will continue. This is a growth business. It will remain fastest-growing part of the entertainment business for the next 20-plus years. And we will have those tailwinds. Now we still have to deliver in that context, and we intend to. But to torture the metaphor, the winds at our back.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Hickey with Benchmark. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Hickey: Congrats on your '25 guide, no pressure guys on $8 billion in revenue. Just curious, you didn't guide to profitability expecting to now that $8 billion was a little bit above consensus view. Just curious how we should think about profitability, I think consensus for is over $8 in EPS. I don't expect you to confirm that either way, but just thoughts on how we should think about profitability on '25, especially given that we have extended timelines now on development and what impact that could have? And then the second question, just another one on AI, Strauss. I'm glad to hear your positive on it. That's nice. Just curious on the mobile side with AI and barriers to entry. Just curious if you think that will have any challenges in terms of more competitors coming to the market? Thanks guys.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. Well, we basically have indicated profitability by talking about our operating cash flow. You're right. We haven't gotten granular because we're not providing initial specific guidance, but we do expect that fiscal '25, '26 and beyond will be highly profitable years. And we've said repeatedly in these remarks today, we expect to grow our margins. That's a big part of what our financial objectives include. With regard to AI and mobile, I think the implication of your question is does generative AI allow people who aren't in the business to make mobile hits by saying to ChatGPT, “Come up with a great idea for a new mobile hit. Oh, and by the way, please code it for me, too.” And while you can do that now, you should give it a try and you'll see what happens because we certainly have tried it around here. And let's just say that, no, you will not be able to create hits that way. I mean remember, what you're looking at with AI and what you will always be looking at is a data set compute and at least sitting here today, large language models. And in the future, you may not be looking at large language models or they will change, but you'll still be looking at a data set and compute. And a data set by definition, is backward-looking and hits in the entertainment business by definition are forward-looking. And no matter how intelligent and I use the word in quotes very much in quotes, maybe multiple quotes. “A machine is not going to be able to look forward. A machine can predict based on data sets and using massive compute and using large language models.” We're all super excited about what we see because we haven't seen before the possibility of doing a natural language query and getting a natural language result. That looks incredibly cool. But to confuse that result with intelligence and creativity is like confusing a magic trick with magic. It's not magic. It's still a magic trick. So that's where I'm at on this. No AI is not going to allow people to push a button to make a hit. However, AI is going to make certain elements of any process that requires coding easier for everyone, for everyone, not disproportionately for anyone, for everyone.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: On the topic of delivering mobile games direct-to-consumer, what kind of share are you targeting for downloads in MTX? And then, what kind of margin lift would you see on a game-by-game basis as well as a consolidated basis?
Karl Slatoff: So we haven't disclosed what our target is. We do think it's a significant opportunity for us. So it certainly is greater than zero and less than 100%. We don't think that it makes sense in all cases to go to direct-to-consumer, but we do think there's a lot of room for us to grow from where we are right now. I think it's the second question. What was the second?
Strauss Zelnick: What was the second part of your question?
Gerrick Johnson: Margin list.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. Well, I mean, again, I don't think we've talked about the margins, but you can kind of back into them yourself. I mean we're doing it ourselves and the sort of the take rate, obviously, is much, much, much lower because you're really talking about payment clearances and things of that nature. When you go to do the rates, other rates that may be in them.
Operator: Our next question is from Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Soff: Just one on the slide. So LEGO Drive is listed under the mid-core section, but it seems like a $70 price point with a full year of seasonal updates. And to me that would seem like an AAA title. So do you mind expanding a bit on the difference between immersive and mid-core in your mind? And then apologies if I missed it, but are you expecting both top line and bottom-line growth in fiscal '26? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: It's a funny question you asked because we've debated this exact thing internally, whether or not like a LEGO title, for example, is a mid-core/arcade or is it immersive. And it really isn't a question of quality and the amount of gameplay that's involved. So the $70 price point, I would say, is a bit of a red herring. We think that the game is certainly worthwhile with that experience. But the experience itself when you look at sort of the over -- if you compare that experience to a Grand Theft Auto, for example, obviously, there's a big difference. In the depth of the storyline, the vastness of the world, et cetera, LEGO Drive is an open world driving experiences, but it's not Los Santos, so there's quite a bit. It's probably not even the City with NBA. So the term is probably a little bit of art in terms of how we classify things. But in this particular case, just given the look in the field of the game, we thought that mid-core/arcade was the right categorization of it. But there's no specific guideline other than kind of in this particular case, it kind of felt that way. And I should also say, sorry, Lainie was about to answer the other question. Whether it's mid-core or arcade versus core or immersive, that doesn't necessarily indicate our expectations about commercial success because you can have a commercially successful title, that's mid-core or casual.
Benjamin Soff: Yes. Okay. Got it. Go ahead.
Lainie Goldstein: For fiscal '26, what we've said is that we expect net bookings and operational results to be higher than fiscal '25. So that would imply that both would be growing.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you. So Strauss, I certainly do not want to put words in your mouth, but your answer to one of the prior questions. It sounded like you were talking about incremental barbelling of industry dollars, I guess, similar to what you were seeing during the financial crisis. And then I guess in an environment where only the AAA and the value games are going to capture dollars and the stuff in the middle may be in some trouble. So what are you doing at the studio level that is different now to maybe adjust for that environment. And Karl, like what are you doing at the private division level to adjust to what might be the new normal? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: I think that's right. But at the end of the day, it just means quality. Just means you have to put out great stuff and that speaks to private division as well and that's always the case. This is less about changing strategy because our strategy is that everything that we put out should be just spectacular and more just a reflection of where the consumer sits. And the consumer will return, and this is going to be a growth business. As long as we make the highest quality titles, we should do just fine. Private Division's approach has never been based on sort of taking a shortcut on quality. Its approach has been let's bring into the 10 developers who might not otherwise bring their products to Take-Two. And in certain instances, we can deliver an A+ title on a more economical level than we might be able to do in-house. And that's been proven out and Private Division has generated a lot of successful titles. And in fact, virtually everything they've done, not everything, but virtually everything has been successful.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Thornton: Hey, guys. Just a quick follow-up. I'm not sure if this is for Strauss or Karl. We've talked about DTC on the mobile side. You guys have DTC experience with the Rockstar launch or on the PC side, if we think out a couple of years, given the scale you're going to be at as the world perhaps starts to take more steps towards streaming. Do you see the opportunity to perhaps partner on the back end or white label the streaming back end to go D2C on streaming, again, given the scale you'll be in a couple of years. Just kind of curious if you're thinking about that yet. Thanks again.
Strauss Zelnick: Our strategy has always been to have the broadest possible distribution. We were a leader in digital distribution in the very beginning. And one of the reasons we did so well is that we basically were willing to do business with everyone whose terms made sense to us and who were good market participants in terms of security and compliance. And to the extent that streaming is a viable business opportunity and technology for our industry. Of course, we'll avail ourselves of it. And I'm certain we'll work with third parties as we have in the past. We were I think the first license for Stadia, for example, sorry, didn't work out, but we were there to support the effort. And equally to the extent that it makes sense to have our own platform, we will do that, too. But we're not very unlikely to be exclusively limited in one direction or the other. We want to be where the consumer is.
Strauss Zelnick: So I think that's all the questions we have today. Thank you so much for joining us. We're thrilled with these results. We're more than thrilled with our outlook. I want to reiterate our gratitude to our teams around the world who show up every day with more or less with smiles on their faces, mostly with smiles. Aiming to do their very best work in pursuing their passions. I want to thank our business teams who bring their great work to market and make sure that we run our business in a first-class fashion. And of course, I want to thank our shareholders for their support and confidence in us. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of IR and Corporate Communications. Thank you, Nicole. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 ended December 31, 2022. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. During the third quarter, we continued to execute on our ambition to create the highest quality, most engaging interactive entertainment franchises in the industry to deliver them across an array of platforms and to captivate our global audiences. All of our new game releases and post-launch content have received significant critical acclaim, and we're pleased to have the highest catalog sales based on units sold in the Americas. The strength of our portfolio reflects the passion, vision, artistic acumen and hard work of our world-renowned development teams and studios, and we're immensely proud of our long-standing commitment to quality. Notwithstanding our creative achievements, our third quarter net bookings of $1.38 billion were slightly below our prior guidance. We believe that as a result of macroeconomic conditions, consumers shifted holiday spending toward established blockbuster franchises and titles that were offered with pricing promotions. While our catalog benefited from this trend, it affected the performance of certain of our new releases and recurrent consumer spending for some of our console and PC games. Despite the current market, we believe that our long-term success will be driven by our consistent ability to create the best entertainment experiences, including sequels of our beloved franchises and the introduction of engaging new intellectual properties. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V exceeded our expectations during the holiday season. And to date, the title has sold in more than 175 million units. During the quarter, Rockstar Games released an array of new content for both, Halloween and the holiday season as well as a new story-driven update Los Santos Drug Wars. The update launched in December and continues to deliver exciting new story and gameplay features to players across the winter season, including a new business, tax emissions and much more to come, which is continuous to drive stronger engagement with our player race. We were also pleased with the performance of Red Dead Redemption 2, which outpaced our expectations driven by successful holiday promotions and events. To-date, the title has sold in more than 50 million units. During the quarter, Rockstar Games continued to release new updates for Red Dead Online, including a new Halloween Hardcore Telegram Mission and new Call to Arms locations for Halloween and the holidays. We remain incredibly pleased with the enduring quality of these entertainment experiences. Grand Theft Auto V was ranked number three for units sold in the US during calendar year 2022 on all platforms and was number two overall for 2022 on Steam. Additionally, 2022 was GTA V's tenth consecutive year in the NPD top five for unit sales. Red Dead Redemption 2 also continues to resonate strongly with players, ranking as the number one selling game on Steam for the quarter end, number three for 2022. NBA 2K23, which remains the number one selling sports title in North America continues to expand its audience and to date has sold in over 8 million units. Full game sales for NBA 2K23 are up 3% year-over-year, and MyTEAM users grew more than 50% over last year, as players enjoyed assembling the rosters of the NBA's all-time greatest stars to dominate the competition. In addition, NBA 2K23 Arcade Edition remains the number one game in Apple Arcade since its launch in October. 2K and HB Studios supported PGA TOUR 2K23 with the limited-edition holiday bundle that included NBA 2K23 and new content featuring branded gear from Barstool Sports, 100 Thieves, and Dude Perfect. HB Studios will release more content and features, including the addition of Pebble Beach, cosplay functionality and ranked patch making. On December 2, 2K and Firaxis Games launched Marvel's Midnight Suns on Windows PC via Steam and Epic Games Store, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S. The title launched a critical acclaim with BGC rating at a five out of five, calling it a modern strategy classic. PC Gamer said it was completely brilliant, scoring at 88 out of 100 and Rock Paper Shotgun called it one of the best Superhero games. The title is being supported with a series of post-launch content that can be purchased individually or as part of the game seasons pass. During the quarter, Zynga's in-app purchases performed in line with our expectations, and we saw mobile trends improve from prior lows, particularly during the holiday season. The label continued to experience strong engagement among its active players and we believe that we're maintaining our global market share. Our advertising business outpaced the broader industry, as we continue to introduce new ad supply and products, optimize our networks to increase ad yields and roll out Chart boost throughout our inventory. A few key highlights of our mobile offerings during the quarter include Empires & Puzzles was a top performer due to strong seasonal content and Black Friday offerings. This is one of our first titles to leverage our direct-to-consumer platform for in-app purchases, which we believe can enhance significantly the margins for our mobile portfolio over the next few years. Rollic’s Balls’n Ropes reached the number one spot for most downloaded game in the US in December, giving Rollic a look a total of 20 games that have reached the number one or number two spot in Apple's US App Store. We acquired Popcore, which offers a unique balance of hyper-casual experiences that also prioritize long-term player retention rates. This strengthens our leadership among hyper-casual publishers with respect to downloads in revenue. Following the acquisition, Popcore's game Tap Away reached the number one spot for most downloaded game multiple times throughout the quarter in Apple's US App Store. Zynga's casino titles remained resilient with Game of Thrones Slots posting its best quarter ever. Top 11 had a strong quarter, driven by various in-game updates celebrating the World Cup. CSR Racing 2 released Race Pass, which features innovative new rewards that are driving stronger retention and monetization. Our combination with Zynga remains highly accretive to our business. We remain committed to delivering our planned synergies, and we're well on our way to exceed our target of $100 million in annual cost savings within the first two years post close. During the quarter, recurrent consumer spending rose 117% and accounted for 78% of net bookings. Turning to our outlook. We're operating in an environment that is, in many ways, more challenging than we anticipated. And we're lowering our fiscal 2023 net bookings guidance to $5.2 billion to $5.25 billion to take this backdrop into account. To be clear, I take personal responsibility for our revised downward guidance. We believe there's always more to achieve, particularly when we fall short of our expectations. We've embarked on a company-wide cost reduction program that will optimize our expense structure, while also positioning us to deliver on our anticipated growth trajectory. We expect to achieve savings in excess of $50 million as a result of this initiative. Our balance sheet remains strong, allowing us to navigate these uncertain times with confidence. We've always managed our business for the long term as we achieve the powerful synergies from our combination with Zynga, release new titles from our robust multiyear pipeline and execute on our cost savings initiatives we expect to deliver sequential growth and record performance over the next several years. Our business and creative teams have done a phenomenal job during these challenging times, and I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their tireless work. I'd also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support. I look forward to sharing our progress with you on all of our key initiatives. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. As we focus on the remainder of the year and beyond, we remain steadfast in our commitment to providing the most captivating and engaging entertainment experiences for our audiences across all platforms and geographies. We believe this is the best strategy and path forward to achieving our goals, driving our expected long-term growth and bringing value to our shareholders. Turning to our upcoming releases. On February 24, Private Division and Intercept Games will launch Kerbal Space Program 2, its early access for PC on Steam, Epic Games Store and other storefronts. KSP 2 will bring an array of content for players to explore and the title promises to be the most visually impressive game in the franchise. Those that purchased KSP 2 in early access will help inform the future development of the game by providing feedback directly to its creators leading up to the full launch of the title. In addition, Private Division has announced several new projects. After us, a riveting exploration debenture game from Piccolo Studios is expected to launch this spring during fiscal 2024 for PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series excellence. Private Division announced a publishing partnership with Bluebird team to develop a new survival harder game expected to launch after calendar 2024. And we unveiled our new Private Division development fund to support smaller independent teams with project financing and mentorship opportunities. On March 17, 2K and Visual Concepts will release WWE 2K23 for PlayStation and Xbox consoles and PC on Steam. In celebration of John Cena’s 20th anniversary as a WWE superstar, the 16-time World Champion’s record-setting philanthropist and WWE 2K23 Executive soundtrack producer will be featured on the cover of each addition of the game. In addition, global music phenom Bad Bunny, 2022's most streamed artist in the world will make his WWE 2K debut as a preorder bonus. Building upon the success of WWE 2K22, this year's installment features a unique take on the 2K showcase, the introduction of the fan-favorite WarGames matches and expenses to several marquee games. Fans can look forward to a deep roster of WWE Superstars and Legends, including Roman Reigns, American Nightmare Cody Rhodes, Ronda Rousey, Brock Lesnar, Stone Cold Steve Austin and more. 2K will support the game with an array of post-launch content and may be purchased individually or through a season pass. Throughout the balance of the fiscal year, Rockstar Games will continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online with additional content updates. And 2K and Firaxis games will continue to release add-on content from Marvel's Midnight Suns and Sid Meier's Civilization VI: Leader Pass. In mobile, Zynga’s Rollic studio will release a vast array of titles as they've done previously, while the label’s other studios remain at work on a variety of games, including several in soft launch that we expect to release in fiscal 2024. We will have more to share on our pipeline when we report our fourth quarter results in May. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss the key highlights from our third quarter, before reviewing our guidance for fiscal year 2023 and our fourth quarter. Please note that our third quarter results include our combination with Zynga, with respect to the comparability of our results relative to last year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. As Strauss mentioned, we delivered net bookings of $1.38 billion, which was slightly below our prior guidance, as consumers displayed more cautionary purchasing behaviors during the holiday season. As in prior periods of economic headwinds, full game sales from our catalog of industry-leading intellectual properties were relatively resilient. However, we felt pressure on some of our newer releases that are in earlier stages of building their player base, alongside softness in recurrent consumer spending. During the period, recurrent consumer spending rose 117% and accounted for 78% of net bookings. Zynga’s in-app purchases performed in line with our revised expectations. However, this was offset by weakness in recurrent consumer spending for several of our console and PC games. Digitally delivered net bookings increased 72% and accounted for 95% of the total. During the quarter, 69% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 63% last year. GAAP net revenue increased 56% to $1.41 billion, and cost of revenue increased 97% to $692 million. Operating expenses increased by 123% to $889 million, primarily driven by the addition of Zynga, as well as higher marketing and stock-based compensation expenses. The GAAP net loss was $153 million, $0.91 per share, which was impacted by $302 million of amortization of acquired intangibles and $24 million of business acquisition costs. Our management tax rate for the period was 18% as compared to 60% in the prior year as a result of our combination with Zynga. We ended the quarter with over $1.1 billion of cash and short-term investments and paid down $200 million of revolver borrowings, reducing our debt to $3.1 billion. Turning to our guidance. I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. We now expect to deliver net bookings of $5.2 billion to $5.25 billion. Our forecast takes into account the current economic environment and consumer purchasing trends that we have been experiencing, which we expect to continue into the fourth quarter, including lower expectations for some of our recent game releases and softer recurrent consumer spending as well as the shift of an unannounced mobile title and a focus on enhanced profitability for our hyper-casual business. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Empires & Puzzles, Toon Blast, Rollic’s hyper-casual mobile portfolio, and Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be 46% Zynga, 36% 2K, 17% Rockstar Games and 1% private division. We forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 65% United States and 35% international. We expect recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 85% and represents 77% of total net bookings. Our digitally delivered net workings are expected to grow by approximately 60% and represent 95% of the total. Our forecast assumes that 74% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 68% last year. We expect to generate more than $400 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we expect to deploy approximately $170 million for capital expenditures. Our GAAP net revenue to range from $5.24 billion to $5.29 billion and cost of revenue to range from $2.53 billion to $2.55 billion, which includes approximately $694 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.4 billion to $3.41 billion as compared to $1.5 billion last year. This increase reflects the inclusion of Zynga, business acquisition costs and higher personnel compensation and marketing expenses, which we anticipate will be slightly offset by our expected cost synergies from our integration with Zynga. As we've mentioned on prior calls, in light of the current backdrop, we have been evaluating cost savings opportunities that can structurally enhance our margin and make our company more efficient and nimble for the long-term. After a comprehensive review, we now believe that we can deliver over $50 million of annual savings, which we will begin to execute on this quarter opportunities include personnel, processes, infrastructure and other areas, particularly in publishing and corporate funding. This program is in addition to the over $100 million of annual cost synergies from our combination with Zynga and is not expected to impact the delivery of our robust multiyear pipeline. We expect the GAAP net loss ranging from $704 million to $721 million or $4.40 to $4.50 per share, which assumes the basic share count of 159.8 million shares. We expect our management tax rate to be 18% throughout the year. Now moving to our guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter. We project net bookings to range from $1.31 billion to $1.36 billion, compared to $846 million in the fourth quarter last year. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, and Empires and Puzzles, Toon Blast, Rollic’s hyper-casual mobile portfolio, and WWE 2K23  We project recurrent consumer spending to grow approximately 105% and digitally delivered net book to increase approximately 70%. Our forecast assumes that 80% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up 75% last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.34 billion to $1.39 billion and cost of revenues to range from $688 million to $708 million, which includes approximately $198 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Operating expenses are expected to range from $871 million to $881 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 120% increase over last year. This increase reflects the inclusion of Zynga, business acquisition costs and higher marketing and personnel expenses, which we believe will be slightly offset by the realization of some of our anticipated cost synergies. And GAAP net loss is expected to range from $197 million to $214 million of $1.17 to $1.27 per share, which assumes a basic share count of 168 million shares. In closing, while we are disappointed to have lowered our outlook for the year, we are highly confident in our long-term growth potential. We believe that the actions we are taking now will position us to deliver sequential growth and record performance over the next several years, which we anticipate will drive meaningful shareholder value. I'd like to thank all of our stakeholders again for their support. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their firm commitment to creativity, innovation and efficiency as we continue to navigate a challenging economic landscape. I'd also like to express our appreciation to our shareholders for their continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon, and thanks for the question. Strauss, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about mobile advertising, specifically, have you been able to integrate advertising into Zynga games that previously had not included advertising? And what about the 2K games prior to the acquisition of Zynga? And then secondly, if you could just talk a little bit more about the direct-to-consumer platform with mobile virtual currency purchasing. Besides Empire & Puzzles, how many other games have integrated the DTC capabilities?
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric. I appreciate it. To answer your question, we have enhanced advertising within the Zynga portfolio. Certain titles within that portfolio did not have advertising and now do. And at 2K, with regard to their mobile titles, there's no change. With regard to console titles, we have a limited amount of advertising, but there's no change there as well. With regard to direct-to-consumer, that's a new initiative for us and for the team at Zynga that's being rolled out modestly. We are seeing early signs of success. And obviously, that has a very significant effect on our contribution margins.
Eric Handler: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Thornton: Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. May be two, if I could. Coming back to mobile. I don't know if this one’s for Strauss, but can you give us maybe your higher level thoughts as you think about the mobile market? And I know it's hard to tease apart macro versus what's going on, on the user acquisition side with Apple ATT. But, I guess, putting macro aside, if you think about the mobile market over the next couple of years, how do you think about the growth rate of that business? And how are you thinking maybe different about the mix of in-app purchase versus ad revenue or the right genres or new IP versus existing franchises, the right cost structure, there's more opportunity there. Just how are you thinking about that as that market has obviously been very dynamic? And then I have a follow-up, but I'll stop there.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I'll see how I do it then you can determine what your follow-up is like. So in terms of the mobile market, look, the reason we were interested in combining with Zynga is we believe that mobile will continue to be the fastest-growing part of the interactive entertainment business, and we still are of that belief. Yes, there's been some year-over-year pressure, which is, in our view, related to the economy primarily and to a lesser extent, probably, sort of, post-pandemic changes in demand. We think those are near term. And in fact, the trends recently are quite positive in terms of demand. And Zynga has the best portfolio of mobile games in the business. Most of our competitors, good as they may be, have one, two, three, four titles that matter. We have a whole lot more than that. We have these forever franchises. And we also are blessed with phenomenal leadership in that division. So we remain highly optimistic about the growth in the future. I'm not sure I can give you an exact growth rate, but I do think it will continue to be a rapidly growing part of the business. It also diversifies us. We attach a different audience on the mobile side, skews more female. It skews older. And by having a diverse company that has console and PC and mobile titles, we address every part of the interactive entertainment business, and we find ourselves as one of the top three pure plays in the business. With regard to our expectations about in-app purchases and ad revenue going forward, look, in-app purchases still are only relevant for about 10% of the market for 90% of the users, that's not something they're interested in. So if you're selective and careful about how you target it, advertising makes all the sense in the world, because we ought to be able to find a way to monetize all of the viewing, all of the engagement, not just the engagement that leads to spending, particularly because we're not in the toll booth business. We're in the entertainment business. And we want to be able to deliver titles that consumers can enjoy without regard to spending. Spending should enhance the experience for sure, and it does. But in order to be commercial, we should have a robust advertising business that's not intrusive, that's positive for the consumer than consumer experience, and that's exactly what Zynga is building. With regards to new IP -- I'll finish your, I wrote down your questions. So let me just grab you on new IP and then I'll stop talking. On new IP, that remains the biggest challenge in the mobile business. And making new hits in mobile is really, really, really hard. We're working on a bunch of titles about which we're very excited, but it's super hard to make hits. Hit ratios in the business are low.
Matthew Thornton: Yes. Just one quick follow-up, Strauss, and that's really impressive that you got all those, by the way. I was keeping note. So that's impressive. On the -- any -- you talked about the next couple of years getting back to record bookings, which you've talked about for a while now. I think you talked about sequential growth. Does that apply to fiscal 2024? I guess just any early thoughts about how we can start thinking about fiscal 2024? And then I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks again.
Strauss Zelnick : What we said today is we expect sequential growth and record results over the next couple of years, and that remains our expectations. We'll give you exact outlooks, including guidance in the coming months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Cost : Hi, everybody. Thanks for taking the questions. Could you go into a little more detail about where you saw the strength in PC and console versus where some of the softness was? Was it more on recurrent consumer spending or unit sales? And how does that compare to past periods of macro weakness that you've seen?
Karl Slatoff : So in terms of the strength of PC and console, really our strength has been in the catalog. I mean what we have said before is that -- what we've observed over this period of time is that folks that the big established franchises, particularly those that have been discounted did quite well over the last quarter, and that was our experience as well. So that part of the business did very well for us. A little bit tougher on sort of new releases that are still establishing their player basis. And when folks making difficult choices between games if they can afford to play, they're obviously going to gravitate towards things that they know that they're more familiar with. So, a little bit tougher on the new releases for the younger games. In terms of RCS, we already said on the mobile side, our in-app purchases were in line with expectations, and we continue to buck the trend in advertising. And we did experience some softness on the PC and console side in RCS. And again, that dynamic is what we expect that dynamic in this kind of economic environment. So really -- maybe it was a little bit more exacerbated than we originally expected, but we are continuing to see that.
Matthew Cost : Great. Thank you. And then just on the cost savings side, is the cost reduction program, is it particularly focused on the mobile business or various areas? Or is it kind of just general corporate overhead?
Lainie Goldstein : It's a combination of our corporate departments and also some of our publishing functions. So it includes all of our labels. And it's outside of the $100 million plus in synergies between Take-Two and Zynga that we've talked about already that has to do with the acquisition of Zynga.
Matthew Cost : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay, thanks. Hey, guys, good afternoon. Just sticking with Zynga, I think you mentioned in your preamble that mobile trends had improved, maybe a little bit more detail there? And can you comment on whether Zynga's net bookings were up quarter-on-quarter. And if you've seen this improving trend line continue into the current quarter? And then I have a follow-up.
Karl Slatoff : Yes, I think the way to characterize it is we have seen some improving trends and the way to describe it is it's really been some improvement off of the lows that we've seen in the past.
Drew Crum: Okay. And then Strauss, some of your competitors have suggested the market is shifting towards these mega franchises. Curious if you agree with that premise? And does this in any way if you do, impact how you invest across your development pipeline? And are you inclined to hold back with the launch of titles until market conditions become more favorable? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick : Yes, we emphatically agree. The strategy of our company is to make hits across the board. We believe that we have the best collection of owned intellectual property across console, PC and mobile in the marketplace. And our approach has always been to bring out new iterations of beloved franchises. We have 11 franchises that have each sold over 5 million units in an individual release, well over 65 that have sold over 2 million units in an individual release. I don't think anyone else can say that. And look, we have the highest grossing entertainment property ever created of any sort of within our four walls, thanks to the focus of Rockstar. So that is very much our approach. And the truth of the entertainment business is, whether you like it or not, the entertainment business is a top 20 business on a good day and top 10 business on a less good day. We need to be there and that has always been our strategy.
Drew Crum: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Dessouky: Hi, everybody. So I'm looking at your grid, the grid of games that you plan to release from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2025 and next to mobile, you have 38 games. And it looks like 10 of them were not Zynga Games. Are you still confident that you can get all those games to scale? And is $100 million in annual bookings still the level that you aspire to as it was for Zynga's forever franchises prior to the acquisition? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Karl Slatoff: Sure. I'll take that one. So I would say, the aspiration for any title that we released in the mobile context would be the $100 million of annual bookings. But I can tell you for sure that, that won't be the case release, with that entire release. So our expectation going in, again, the -- how we release mobile is you take it out, you see how it does, you invest a little bit more, you revamp it, you rebalance it, you invest a little bit more, and then you grow from there. What we know that there are going to be titles that we put out that will fall on the mobile side. But the idea is that we need to put the titles out in order to find the ones that can reach that $100 million level or plus. So that is certainly -- that is the strategy, and that's going to be our path going forward. So that's still our expectation.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. And it's -- do you think versus when you acquired Zynga, it's going to be harder to get to that $100 million threshold, and will that affect kind of the number of new games that you guys will be potentially launching over the next year or two?
Strauss Zelnick: No, I don't think the business has gotten easier or harder. I think it's pretty much what we expected. As I said, hit ratios in mobile are low, we really good about what's being developed.
Omar Dessouky: And just as -- I have one quick follow-up here. So some experts have noticed that Google has begun sending rejection notices for ads exposures and formats that are not compliant with its new better ads experience policy. This poll this allows interruptive interstitial ads among other practices, and it was announced back in July. So are you starting to see the effects of this policy for Rollic hyper casual games on Android?
Strauss Zelnick: We are not. We're largely compliant.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. That's my question. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mario Lu with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Mario Lu: Great. Thanks for taking the question. The first one is on RCS this quarter in terms of the growth came in a bit below expectation. You mentioned that Zynga was in line and the weakness was from console PC. Any franchise to highlight that kind of came in below expectations or any factors that led to this underperformance.
Lainie Goldstein: No, there's nothing really to point out. It was really across several of our console and PC games.
Mario Lu: Okay. Got it. And then just a follow-up on NBA 2K. You mentioned that MyTeam's players were up 50% year-on-year, which is a fairly large amount. So are there any kind of main drivers to highlight there? And were these gains partially offset by declines potentially in MyCAREER mode? Or was it mostly additive? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I wouldn't say that it would necessarily offset by declines in MyCAREER mode. I think that the goal for NBA is to -- and how we've been growing over the years and how our path to growth in the future is to get more players involved in more modes, so driving across all of the loans. Now we know that we're not going to get everybody to play the game a 100% across every single mode, but that is certainly the goal, because the more engagement, the better ultimately the RCS performance is for those titles and also the more loyal the audience and it's a much better path for us to grow. So our focus has really been on getting players across those modes, and we've had some great success, as you can see on -- not just on MyCAREER, but across the -- in MyTeam area, but across the board.
Mario Lu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you for taking the questions. Maybe two, if I could. First, on the mobile front, obviously, we've lapped the launch of IDFA. And I wanted to get your perspective on whether you feel like, in terms of driving a mixture of user growth and in-game monetization and in-game engagement, whether you've successfully sort of realigned your marketing strategy in mobile to address a post-IDFA world or whether you're still thinking it's sort of a work in progress, so that once demand is back in the mobile landscape, you can sort of capitalize on it? That'd be number one. And number two, a competitor of yours talked about withdrawing or pulling back from the mobile shooter market earlier in the earnings season. I'd love to get your perspective on how you think about developing, implementing and sort of launching AAA titles either alongside traditional PC console titles in the mobile format? Or how we should be thinking about even mobile-only formats of what historically have been AAA type quality titles? Thanks, so much.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of the effect of IDFA, we've been living that for quite a while now. And I would certainly say that, that has stabilized. And I don't think we're expecting -- there's no surprises down the road that we're expecting at this point. And there's been some improvement in how we are able to target since then. So I think there's been some adjusting going on. I don't want to characterize that as we're sort of back to where we were, because that would be a mischaracterization. But we certainly feel like we've got our hands around it, and then we're going in the other direction. So that's positive in terms of our ability to target. I would also mention, too, that in the hypercasual space, it is a much wider funnel and targeting is not -- it doesn't require as much targeting as it does in the normal mobile business. So that's also helped our ability to attract new audiences.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And on the second part of the question, we've said all along, and I said it today, the hit ratios in the mobile business are very low. And when we announced the combination with Zynga, the most current question was, well, obviously, you're going to take Take-Two IP to mobile is not great. And my answer was, that is potentially a very exciting opportunity, but it's really, really hard to do. One of our competitors has done it really well with the title, and we're impressed by that and admire it. But we have a healthy respect for how difficult it is. The vast majority of hits in mobile are native to mobile. They are not based on existing IP. They do not come from a console. I'm very optimistic that we're going to give it a try, and I'm really hopeful that we'll do well with it. But it's not a slam dunk.
Eric Sheridan : Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Creutz : Hey, thanks. Just in your commentary about some of the new release underperformance. You're essentially attributing to macro or at least partially due to macro, but there's been two other companies who have sort of had the same problem. You have several other patters that have had record launches in the quarter, and it seems from the data that's been released, overall console spending was pretty stable versus a year ago. What makes you think the issue is macro-related versus this is just the way the video game industry is going to be from now on? And if that's case, how does that cause you to rethink your pipeline going forward?
Strauss Zelnick : It's a really good question. What causes us to believe that it's macro related is that we don't just pull our expectations out of the year. We based our expectations on prior performance of similarly rated titles within that genre. And so in the case of certain of these titles, we've had great scores and terrific critical acclaim and yet the unit sales were lower than expected on an apples-to-apples basis by comparison to prior releases and prior periods. So that is -- that sort of leads us to believe, okay, that's probably a macro result. But I don't mean to imply for minute that quality doesn't matter, quality does matter and the biggest titles will obviously continue to perform with regard to market conditions. So what you're saying is, does that mean you should only put out blockbusters and anything that's short of an expected blockbuster, you can't put out. I think the answer is semi-yes. We can't put out something that we think is going to be a B title. It's never been the case. We have to put out AAA titles. However, not everything is ever going to be Grand Theft Auto. It just isn't going to be that way. And we have shown that we have the ability to launch new franchises. In the case of Borderlands or more recently, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands. Going back farther BioShock, from Rockstar, Red Dead Redemption. These are new intellectual properties, and we were willing to take the risk and support our creative team's vision and passion, and we've been able to create big hits. That's not changing. And there's nothing in our recent performance that leads us to say, we shouldn't invest in this way to the contrary. I believe we should continue to invest in this way. But right now, is the market more selective? Sure. In tougher times when food and fuel is more expensive and people are a little worried, they're going to be more selective. And when they're more selective, they're going to go to promotional titles and they're going to go to blockbusters.
Doug Creutz : Thanks, Strauss
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Clay Griffin : Thanks. Good evening. It sounds like this has been mostly in monetization, as I apologize if I missed it, but it would be helpful just to get a sense of overall engagement in the quarter as a metric for the market right now. It sounds like apart from the new releases that some of your base titles actually had pretty solid engagement. Is that fair?
Karl Slatoff : Engagement has definitely been strong across the board. And I would characterize it certainly as a modernization -- as a monetization issue. And we've seen that not just on the PC and console business, but also in the mobile business as well. So, that is specifically engagement that seems to be -- is not the issue for us.
Clay Griffin : Right. And just a follow-up on that. Is there anything that you guys have seen to suggest that Game Pass may be changing the way people engage with new titles or just a sense of if that has had an impact in terms of engagement in the quarter over the last several quarters?
Strauss Zelnick: I don't really think so. I mean, we don't make our frontline titles available day in date. We're thrilled to be in business with subscription services for our catalog titles at the appropriate time. We think that's the right way to support subscription. And subscription is still a relatively small business -- you're talking about businesses. I think the last announcement of Game Pass was 25 million subs. We're not talking about huge broad-based business yet. And in any case, no, I don't believe the business is cannibalizing our business.
Clay Griffin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Martin Yang: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I have two. Can you first give us more details on Zynga's direct-to-consumer effort? Do you see a certain region or user cohort responded more strongly to the channel?
Strauss Zelnick: No, we're not seeing any regional differences, particularly. I'm not sure we've been looking for them though, because it's really early still.
Martin Yang: Got it. Thank you. My second question is on the impact of more discounting in December. And how would you characterize the environment in the March quarter, is discounting still affecting negatively on the guidance for March?
Strauss Zelnick: I don't think that discounting in particular is driving our expectations for the quarter. What's driving our expectations for the quarter is just our perception of market demand.
Martin Yang: Okay. Thanks, Strauss.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matti Littunen with Bernstein.
Matti Littunen: Just wondering if you changed your typical marketing approach for these new titles that launched in the holiday season and -- if not, do you plan to do that in the current quarter in response to what you're seeing in the market trends you discussed? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: No, we didn't change our approach to marketing. Our marketing approach varies title by title and reflects our view at any given time for what the opportunity is and in the context of the cost of the marketing programs. But if your question is, did we create a sort of self-inflicted wound by somehow spending less, for example, on marketing and getting worse results? The answer is no. But equally, it's not like we've created a self-inflicted wound by spending more on marketing and not getting results. We tailored the marketing to the opportunity. Unfortunately, the opportunity set was a little smaller than we thought.
Matti Littunen: Very clear. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Hickey with Benchmark. Please proceed with your question
Mike Hickey: Hey, Charles, Karl, Lainie thanks for taking my questions. Two from each, just curious, specifically, I know you haven't called out titles, but for the quarter on the weakness in recurrent spend the Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K Live Service, did they meet your expectations for the quarter? And have you changed your forward view of growth from those games? Obviously, they're a big portion of your ex-oil live service business. And the second question, on your cost reduction plan, $50 million, do you feel like that's sort of a starting point or you sort of grow that as you think about it more over time? Or do you feel like that's enough. Thanks, guys.
Lainie Goldstein: So for the quarter, our NBA business was in line with our expectations. Our other titles were a bit lower than what we had expected. As I mentioned, our PC and our console business for RCS was overall lower than what we had expected. And for the $50 million, this is like an ongoing cost reduction initiative. So we expect this number will grow over time. So efficiency is one of our core tenants as a company. So we're always looking for efficiency throughout the organization. And these are permanent and structural changes to the organization's overall corporate overhead structure, so these are expenses that we expect to reduce our overall structure over time.
Mike Hickey: Thanks, Lainie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a slightly longer-term question. Can you guys talk a little bit about whether or not you're a believer in sort of cloud gaming moving to the fore over the next five years? And, if so, what implications, if any, does it have on how you think about the business, your business? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, we’ve been believers in our gaming. We were one of the first licensees, if not first license -- licensor, sorry, to Stadia, to support that project. But remember, cloud gaming is a technology. It's not a business model. It's a distribution technology. And our view is, broader distribution is always a good thing in the entertainment business. If we can reach more consumers with our properties, we're happy to do it as long as the terms make sense. And I think broader distribution over time probably benefits us in any number of ways, including the cost of distribution, which I believe will go down over time. That said, I've never felt like cloud gaming would be size -- would represent a seismic change. Because I think if you're prepared to pay $60 or $70 for frontline title, you're also prepared to buy a console. And I think Stadia found that out. So bringing high-quality titles to consumers who don't have consoles will probably have an effect around the edges, but I don't think it will be a revolution in the business, I think it will be more an evolution in the business. And there's still technical challenges to be addressed.
Jason Bazinet: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Thornton: Yes, thanks. Hey, Strauss, another big picture question. As you look out over the next several years, maybe in the next 5 to 10 years, I'm curious, kind of, your thoughts on how AI can impact the business good or bad? Or again, what you see on the horizon as potential disruption opportunity? Just any thoughts there would be helpful, particularly how you're thinking about AI. Thanks, again.
Strauss Zelnick: You know, I'm the first person to be skeptical of other people's side. And I would like to note that, AI stands for artificial intelligence, and there is no such thing as artificial intelligence. All that said, I'm really excited about what we're seeing right now with ChatGPT and other leaps forward in artificial intelligence and machine learning. And I do think that we'll be and others will be creating tools that will enhance our development and probably reduce some of the costs for what we have to do today. But I don't think you're going to see it have an effect on the overall cost structure of the business, because I think it will just raise the bar. I think any time you make things easier, we're going to want to do more and our teams will want to do more. The belief among college students, the ChatGPT is not going to allow them to just make a query in sending their homework. The problem is -- the question is describe what actually happened on the night of Paul Revere's ride, if that's the question, and everyone gets the same question, which you do in class and everyone uses ChatGPT, whoops, everyone's going to submit the same assay last time I checked. And so ChatGPT is today's hand calculator. When I was a kid, there was no such thing. I hate to admit, but it's true. So I had to do math longhand. And then hand calculators came along and parents were up in arms that thought, 'Oh, kids won't have to learn math anymore. And the answer is yes, you still have to learn math, turns out. You absolutely have to learn math. Like you have a tool that makes it easier to do. And ChatGPT is the same thing. We are ushering in a very exciting era of new tools. And they're going to allow our teams and our competitors' teams to do really interesting things more efficiently. So we're going to want to do more. We're going to want to be even more creative. And no, it's not going to allow someone to say, please develop the competitor to Grand Theft Auto that's better than Grand Theft Auto, and then they will just send it out and ship it digitally and then that will be that. People will try, but that won't happen.
Matthew Thornton : Okay. Maybe I'll sneak in one -- a second one, if I could, as well. Just really around productivity. Obviously, you guys are pretty far along in the return to office. When you step back and think about that big pipeline and all the projects that you've laid out, how do you feel like things are progressing from a productivity standpoint now that, again, you're pretty far along in the return to office. Thanks again.
Strauss Zelnick : We've been pretty flexible about return to office, and our teams have been great. One of the many wonderful things about working at Take-Two, the amazing people that we work with. We're more than 11,000 people strong around the world. And our attrition rate remains much, much lower than the industry average. And I think that's because -- this is an extraordinary place to work where we seek the best and the brightest on both the business and the creative side, and we encourage people to pursue their passions and excellence at the same time. So productivity is strong. Performance is strong. We probably never had a period this long with all of our titles showing up or performing. I believe in the last two years, we've had the best reviews and the best scores we've ever had. And that's why the business challenges are a bit frustrating, because our people are delivering. And we will deliver over time as long as we keep doing that, and that's the plan.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Strauss Zelnick for any closing comments.
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you for joining us today. I wish we were giving you better news across the board. There is so much good news here, and we're really proud of it. As I said just a minute ago, the thing we're most proud of is our phenomenal colleagues all around the world to whom all of us are so grateful. And as for our results, we plan to do better. We thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 ended September 30, 2022. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q& A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we delivered another consecutive quarter of solid results with net bookings of $1.5 billion. We experienced healthy player engagement, driven by exciting new game releases, post-launch content updates and bold beats for many of our mobile offerings, even as consumers continue to navigate the effects of various macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. We made excellent progress with our integration of Zynga, and we remain highly optimistic about the vast long-term growth potential for the mobile industry, which is expected to reach over $160 billion in gross bookings within the next four years. Some of our key achievements in the period include: we successfully reached our 100-day integration milestone at the end of August. Zynga's President, Frank Gibeau and his leadership team have evaluated our mobile portfolio, including existing games and titles in development, and they've identified numerous opportunities to enhance our performance. These initiatives include reorganizing several teams, sharing development tools, resources and best practices across our mobile studios, conceptualizing new bold beats and leveraging Zynga's highly valuable publishing platform, which is now even stronger following the recent acquisition of Storemaven. We're also starting to expand our direct-to-consumer efforts more meaningfully across our mobile portfolio further to enhance profitability. We remain committed to delivering $500 million of annual net bookings opportunities over time. The Zynga team has been working with our other labels to explore potential creative projects. As part of this process, we've identified certain underrepresented genres in our mobile portfolio that we believe we can pursue more aggressively over time. Our efforts to deliver cost synergies are tracking extremely well, and we're now confident that we can achieve over $100 million of annual savings within the first two years post close. I'd like to thank Frank, his leadership team and all of our new colleagues at Zynga once again for helping to make our combination happen so seamlessly. We're thrilled to have Zynga as part of our Take-Two family. Turning to our second quarter results. Our net bookings performance was within our guidance range, led by Grand Theft Auto V, which exceeded our expectations and to date has sold more than 170 million units worldwide. Starting July 26, Grand Theft Auto Online launched its latest major update, The Criminal Enterprises, introducing expanded gameplay across the Criminal Careers of Executives, Bikers, Nightclub Owners, and Gunrunners, as well as the opportunity to work with federal agents to uncover a criminal conspiracy in the new Operation Paper Trail series of Contact Missions. The update also featured a range of new vehicles, and more, including the new Community Series, showcasing some of the most fun and unique experiences created by players across the globe. This major update also delivered a host of overall improvements to the gameplay experience, including increased payouts across a wide array of activities and several other player-requested features. The Criminal Enterprises was very well received, and we have seen millions of players engaging with significant new features such as the ability to run Sell Missions in Private Lobbies, New Weapon Wheel Controls, and more. In addition, Rockstar Games GTA+ subscription service continues to grow its members who enjoy a rotation of numerous exclusive in-game benefits, including vehicles, upgrades, and gear every month. On September 9th, 2K and Visual Concepts successfully launched NBA 2K23, with the title earning an 80+ Metacritic rating at launch, and receiving praise for raising the bar on the top-selling sports title in the U.S. To date, NBA 2K23 has sold-in nearly 5 million units, alongside significant growth in virtual currency sales and a higher average selling price compared to NBA 2K22. Player engagement has been very strong, with more than 2 million daily active users, and 4% growth in average days played. We believe that NBA 2K23 will continue to grow its audience, as the title provides a year-round experience for its fervent community of players throughout the world. I'd like to congratulate the teams at 2K and Visual Concepts for once again delivering such a stellar basketball experience. The franchise’s momentum extends beyond the core console experience, with NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition for Apple Arcade remaining the #1 game on the platform, and our recent launch of NBA 2K23 Arcade Edition offering many new features and improvements. Furthermore, NBA 2K Online in China continues to be the #1 PC online sports game in the country with nearly 59 million registered users. Red Dead Redemption 2 is continuing to impress, with sell-in of more than 46 million units worldwide to-date and more active players in this second quarter than we have seen for the comparable period in previous years. 2K supported WWE 2K22 and Tiny Tina’s Wonderlands with the final downloadable content packs for each title, which were made available individually and as part of the games’ Season Passes. During the quarter, recurrent consumer spending rose 76% and accounted for 80% of net bookings. Zynga continued to experience strong engagement amongst its active players, and we believe that we are maintaining our market share globally. Our mobile business delivered mid-teens growth in advertising bookings on a year-over-year basis, outperforming the broader industry. At the same time, in-app purchases continued to be under some pressure due to current macroeconomic conditions. Some key highlights of our mobile offerings during the quarter include: The Rollic business remained very strong and exceeded our plan. Notably, Rollic surpassed 2 billion lifetime downloads worldwide and has now launched 19 titles that have reached the #1 or #2 most downloaded game position in the U.S. App Store. Several of Zynga’s titles celebrated milestones, including the 2nd anniversary of Harry Potter: Puzzles and Spells; the 10th anniversary of Farmville; and the 15th anniversary of Zynga Poker. Each of these anniversaries was supported with an array of in-game events and unique content offerings. Zynga unveiled several high-profile brand integrations, including Socialpoint’s partnership with AMC Network’s The Walking Dead in Dragon City and Monster Legends; CSR2’s debut of Pagani’s new multi-million-dollar Utopia hypercar; and Game of Thrones Slots Casino launched a new ingame event, Week of the Dragon, in conjunction with HBO’s new hit fantasy series, House of the Dragon. Turning to our outlook, we now expect to deliver net bookings of $5.4 billion to $5.5 billion in fiscal 2023. Our reduced forecast reflects shifts in our pipeline, fluctuations in FX rates, and a more cautious view of the current macroeconomic backdrop, particularly in mobile. Lainie will provide more detail on our outlook shortly. Despite these headwinds and their effect on our guidance for the year, we remain highly confident in our diverse and extensive development pipeline that we expect will deliver us sequential growth and record performance over the next several years. Take-Two has a proven strategy and consistent track record of success, driven by our core tenets: We aspire to be the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient entertainment company in the world. As we strive to capitalize on the numerous opportunities ahead of us, we are committed to creating significant long-term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for delivering another strong quarter, which reflects our ability to captivate and engage audiences consistently by delivering the highest-quality entertainment experiences across all platforms. I’ll now discuss our recent releases. On October 14th , 2K and HB Studios launched PGA TOUR 2K23, the latest entry in our golf simulation franchise, to positive community sentiment and great critical acclaim, including GameSpot calling the title “The best simulation golf game ever made”. PGA TOUR 2K23 features golf icon and all-time sports great, Tiger Woods, and celebrates his legacy by introducing him as both a playable in-game pro and an Executive Director who advised the game’s development team. The game features several new additions and improvements, including an enhanced roster of male and female pros; the ability to play as NBA legends Michael Jordan and Steph Curry; a Topgolf mode; a deeper array of personalization options and gear; licensed courses and the ability to design original courses; and multiplayer offerings. HB Studios will continue to support the game with additional pros and courses, as well as seasonal updates and the Clubhouse Pass. On October 21st, 2K and Gearbox Software released New Tales from the Borderlands, a choice-based, narrative adventure game that is a successor to the beloved Telltale Games title. The franchise has always been an incredible canvas for storytelling and we are pleased to add this new offering to the portfolio. On November 2nd, Private Division and Roll7 released Finding the Flowzone, the second and final DLC expansion for the critically acclaimed skateboarding action-platformer, OlliOlli World. The release has received praise from critics including Eurogamer who commended Finding the Flowzone as a “fond goodbye to this magnificent game,” and stating that the expansion “is completely rad.” Now, I will discuss our announced offerings for the balance of Fiscal 2023 and beyond. On December 2nd, 2K and Firaxis Games will launch Marvel's Midnight Suns on Windows PC, Xbox Series X|S, and PlayStation 5. The Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Nintendo Switch versions will follow at a later date. In support of the upcoming launch, 2K has produced five short videos that are being released weekly on Marvel Entertainment’s YouTube channel, which provides the backstory of how the game’s lead character, Lilith, became the Mother of Demons, and how Super Heroes like Blade, Magik, Ghost Rider and Nico Minoru came together to form the young core of the Midnight Suns. During the fourth quarter, 2K and Visual Concepts will launch WWE 2K23. Building upon the success of 2K22, which had nearly 450 million matches played and 10 million hours of game content viewed on Twitch, fans can look forward to the series once again redefining interactive entertainment within the squared circle. We are grateful to have such a supportive and collaborative partnership with WWE, and 2K will have more to share about WWE 2K23 in the coming months. On February 24th, Private Division and Intercept Games will launch Kerbal Space Program 2, the sequel to the beloved rocket building sim, in Early Access for PC on Steam, Epic Games Store, and other digital storefronts. KSP2 will bring an array of content at the launch of Early Access, making this the most visually impressive KSP game yet. The game will also feature improved tutorials and user onboarding to provide players with the necessary knowledge to excel at space flight. Built from the ground up, KSP2 will also introduce the ability to customize and paint vehicles, leading to deeper personalization and expression in every build. Those that purchase KSP2 in Early Access will help inform the future development of the game by providing feedback directly to Intercept Games leading up to the full launch of the title. We can’t wait for the incredibly passionate KSP community to take flight in this new entry to the series. Throughout the balance of the fiscal year, Rockstar Games will continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online with additional major content updates, alongside popular annual seasonal-themed offerings and more. o In mobile, Zynga’s Rollic studio will continue to release a consistent cadence of titles, while the label’s other studios remain hard at work on a variety of offerings, including several titles that are currently in soft launch and expected to release in Fiscal Year 2024. Turning to eSports, the NBA 2K League is currently gearing up for its sixth season, which will tip off in Spring 2023. Last month, the League announced a landmark agreement with Australia’s National Basketball League to launch an expansion team, NBL Oz Gaming. Not only is this the first time an Australian professional sports league has joined a global esports league, but it also marks our third expansion team from outside of North America. We remain very excited about the continued growth and success of the NBA 2K League. In closing, we believe that Take-Two is home to the best talent in our industry across all segments of interactive entertainment. With an expanding portfolio of the most exciting and commercially successful owned intellectual property, and the ability to deliver consistently deeply engaging and captivating entertainment experiences to a broad array of audiences around the world, we believe that we are well-positioned to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. I’ll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss the key highlights from our second quarter before reviewing our guidance for fiscal year 2023 and our third quarter. Please note that our second quarter results include our combination with Zynga, which affects the comparability of our results relative to last year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. As Strauss mentioned, our combination with Zynga is tracking very well, from the progress we are making against our integration milestones with the net bookings and cost synergy realization that we are working towards and our highly complementary company cultures. We have great confidence that over the long term, our portfolio is poised to benefit from the significant expected growth in mobile gaming, evolving player dynamics towards more immersive mobile content and our massive combined scale, which will enable our teams to cross-promote titles and build stronger tools to connect with new users. During the quarter, we identified additional cost savings opportunities, and we now feel confident that we can deliver over $100 million of annual synergies within the first two years post close. We're also evaluating other efficiencies across our core businesses while ensuring that we have the appropriate resources to deliver on our significant growth prospects. Our second quarter results were solid, and we delivered net bookings of $1.5 billion, which was within our prior guidance range. The movement in foreign currency exchange rates negatively affected our net bookings by approximately 1%. With consumers navigating ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties, we believe that our financial performance truly demonstrates the incredible quality of our games and the significant value that our interactive entertainment experiences provide to our players. During the period, recurrent consumer spending rose 76% and accounted for 80% of net bookings. NBA 2K and Rollic’s hyper-casual mobile portfolio outperformed our plans, while we experienced some softness across other parts of our portfolio as the interactive entertainment industry faced continued headwinds. Digitally-delivered net bookings increased 62% and accounted for 94% of the total. During the quarter, 73% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 65% last year. GAAP net revenue increased 62% to $1.4 billion and cost of revenue increased 56% to $714 million. Operating expenses increased by 144% to $932 million, primarily driven by the addition of Zynga; and business acquisition and higher personnel costs; which was partly offset by lower console and PC marketing expenses. And, GAAP net loss was $257 million, or $1.54, which was impacted by $320 million of amortization of acquired intangibles and $37 million of business acquisition costs. Our management tax rate for the period was 18% as compared to 16% in the prior year as a result of our combination with Zynga. We ended the quarter with over $1.3 billion of Cash and Short-Term Investments and $3.3 billion of debt. Turning to our guidance, I’ll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. As Strauss mentioned, we are revising our guidance, and we now expect to deliver net bookings of $5.4 to $5.5 billion. Approximately 70% of the downward revision reflects lowered expectations for our mobile business and shifts in our release slate, while the balance reflects an updated view for the rest of our portfolio, based on current business trends across the interactive entertainment industry. Our guidance reflects $50 million of FX headwinds. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Empires & Puzzles, Rollic’s hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Toon Blast, and Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be 45% Zynga which includes our former T2 mobile titles, 36% 2K, 18% Rockstar Games, and 1% Private Division. We forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% International. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 90% and represent 77% of total net bookings. Our digitally-delivered Net Bookings are expected to grow by approximately 70% and represent 96% of the total. Our forecast assumes that 75% of console game sales will be delivered-digitally, up from 68% last year. We expect to generate more than $650 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow and we expect to deploy approximately $150 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.41 billion to $5.51 billion and cost of revenue to range from $2.61 billion to $2.64 billion, which includes approximately $694 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.4 billion to $3.42 billion as compared to $1.5 billion last year. This increase reflects the inclusion of Zynga; business acquisition costs; and higher personnel, marketing, and IT expenses; which we anticipate will be slightly offset by our expected cost synergies. In light of the current economic backdrop, we continue to monitor our costs prudently to find potential areas of savings this year, while being mindful of the resources we need to support our robust multiyear release schedule. And, we expect a GAAP net loss ranging from $631 million to $674 million, or $3.95 to $4.22 per share, which assumes a basic share count of 159.8 million shares. Our revised forecast includes an increase in amortization for intangible assets acquired from Zynga based on updated valuation estimates. We expect our management tax rate to be 18% throughout the year. Now, moving to our guidance for the fiscal third quarter: We project net bookings to range from $1.41 billion to $1.46 billion, compared to $866 million in the third quarter last year. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Empires and Puzzles, Rollic’s hyper-casual mobile portfolio, and Toon Blast. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow approximately 125% and digitally-delivered net bookings to increase approximately 80%. Our forecast assumes that 72% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 63% last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.43 billion to $1.48 billion and cost of revenue to range from $690 million to $710 million, which includes approximately $198 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Operating expenses are expected to range from $897 to $907 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 126% increase over last year. This increase reflects the inclusion of Zynga; business acquisition costs; and higher marketing, which we believe will be slightly offset by the realization of some of our anticipated cost synergies and cost savings efforts. And, GAAP net loss is expected to range from $142 million to $160 million, or $0.85 to $0.95 per share, which assumes a basic share count of 167.7 million shares. In closing, we continue to focus on our execution against an uncertain economic backdrop, and we are highly optimistic about our future growth trajectory. Our long-term development pipeline is stronger than ever, and we are excited to deliver high-profile sequels and engaging new properties that have the potential to enhance our financial profile even further. At the same time, we are confident in our ability to create significant shareholder value as we continue our integration of Zynga by collaborating on new creative projects, leveraging our combined scale, unlocking greater potential from their mobile platform, and entering new business models and geographies. Thank you. I’ll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another solid quarter. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric Handler: Wonder if you could just give us a little bit of insight into the mobile business. Do you feel like we're sort of close to a stabilization for that business? And we've been hearing everything -- a lot of different things about what's going on in mobile now, specifically top games are doing well, it's the smaller games that are having some problems. Are you seeing issues with maintaining DAUs or is it spending? Any insight you can give would be greatly appreciated.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, engagement is very stable. We got a lot of terrific hit titles at Zynga. It's what we like about the company. Unlike many mobile businesses of this kind of scale, our bookings are not concentrated in two or three titles. We have more than 10 big titles and more coming. So engagement is incredibly solid. We are seeing some pressure on in-game spending. We also have a great story in advertising bookings because our advertising bookings are up mid-double digits year-over-year. And so there are plenty of bright spots in the business as well. The most important spot, people love mobile games. They love our mobile games, they continue to play them, and we're seeing no significant change in engagement across our titles. In terms of what I expect to change, look, it's very hard to say. I think that's -- it's anyone's guess what the economy will do. My own opinion, and it's really just one person's opinion, as we're looking -- we should be looking at three to six more months of downward pressure. And I expect by the end of '23, we'll be in good shape.
Eric Handler: Great. That's helpful. I wonder, just as a follow-up, it looks like just going between your company presentations, it looks like your pipeline of games from fiscal '23 to fiscal '25 is unchanged. Is that a pretty fair assessment?
Strauss Zelnick: It is. We have 87 titles coming across mobile, PC and console. And it's the most robust pipeline we've ever had certainly and one would argue, one of the most robust pipelines in the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies.
Andrew Uerkwitz: I guess there's a lot of frustration. You had the S-4 out earlier in the year. We've gotten two cuts here. And the move in the pipeline around is part of the blame. What -- is there anything you guys can share that gives you confidence that there's going to be growth next year, especially in the core Take-Two? It looks like part of the cut is half 2K, if I'm doing my math right. So just curious, what is giving you that confidence or anything you can share that gives us the confidence to go along with it here?
Strauss Zelnick: It's driven by the pipeline, of course. So we know what the release schedule is and we feel really good about it. And if we didn't, we wouldn't call for a sequential growth and record results in the next three years. But I understand the frustration. And look, we call it as we see it and I think we're known for that. Had we expected where we were right now, then we wouldn't be guiding down. We're guiding down because things have materialized in a way that's different than our expectations. Some of that is related to pipeline, but frankly, not most of it. Most of it's related to mobile, a significant amount of FX as well. But there have been some modest pipeline shifts. So the good news is those titles are, of course, coming.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. And then if I could just throw one follow-on there. You guys are known for quality and I'm sure a lot of the delays or shifts are related to polish. But is there something you guys are seeing that's -- it's just too much going on? Just kind of just walk us through kind of the thought process behind it. It just seems like -- was COVID a bigger impact? This will be, I think, two or three years now with record pipeline and so far, just we're all being patient here.
Strauss Zelnick: I understand the concern and I understand the question as well. No, we're not seeing any productivity issues, for example. We definitely have very high quality expectations in the bands, and that's reflected in the fact that we're performing across the board. So this company is a hit factory. We haven't had a disappointing release in as long as I can remember. And that's honestly the most important thing. So we would much rather -- if you have to choose, I'd much rather have the situation we're in, which is we've had some delays and we have had to revise down guidance. I'll choose that any day over taking some flops. That's really the key in this business. We've had issues -- I mean, we've been around here long enough to remember them. Where in the past, we had delays in titles and it was ultimately always worth waiting for because when we got to the other side, the results were delivered, and the small amount of the time delay didn't ultimately matter in the context of the results that we were able to deliver. I'm hopeful that will be the case here as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe I could just go back to the mobile business for a minute. In terms of what you've learned about the mobile business over the last 12, 15 months, some of before the close and since the close in Zynga, how do you think about what you need to build for the long-term versus some of the elements of change that you can see on some of the distribution platforms from Apple and Google, and how that might impact what you need to build and scale on either the acquisition front or the monetization front for the long-term?
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. So really, what it means to us, what we're working on building is Zynga and this is what's happening obviously well before we merged with the company, as we're working on building the mobile platform. And one of the most exciting things and obviously, Zynga has got some amazing forever franchises and some great IP and some good titles and some great titles coming out. But a huge part of the value is that platform and the ability to manage the customer life cycle very effectively. And you can see the company investing in that over time and we continue to invest that. And as we bring together the databases across our entire company, that power of data management, particularly in the context of IDFA and some of the challenges that privacy rules may sent to us, the better your data, the broader your data set and the better the bigger and broader your platform and the more capabilities you have in your platform will enable you to mitigate those effects. And we're already seeing some of that. And that's been a focus for Zynga for quite some time, and we're going to continue to invest in that. You saw it with the acquisition of Chartboost, the acquisition of Storemaven, but also bringing all of the Zynga portfolio and the new Take-Two portfolio onto the centralized Zynga platform is going to yield significant results for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities.
Matthew Thornton: Maybe two, if I could. One for Strauss. Strauss, you talked about sequential years of growth and a record performance. I guess the question there is, what are you alluding to? Is that EBITDA, earnings per share, margins? Any meat you can kind of put on that would be helpful. And then just second one for Lainie. Lainie, I think you called out $50 million in -- I interpreted that as incremental currency headwind impacting the full year guide, but you also alluded to pipeline moving around. Could you quantify what that impact is and kind of what that is for the year?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. What I was referring to is top and bottom line, so net bookings and income, however you describe EBITDA as a handy measure.
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. And for the full year, I mentioned that about 70% of the downward revision is the mobile business and the release slate together, and about $50 million is for the FX currency headwinds.
Matthew Thornton: And is there any color on what slipped in the pipeline? And I'm sorry if I missed that.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. For -- the changes in release schedule, there are several changes that happened during the quarter. So there was one mobile title from 2K that moved and Gen 8 and Switch versions of the Marvel's Midnight Suns moved into fiscal '24. And also KSP2 has now shifted to early access this year. So those are the major changes in the release schedule.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Cost: Just on the PC console business, are you seeing a divergence between the performance of Grand Theft Auto and NBA 2K, specifically where NBA 2K RCS is outperforming Grand Theft Auto? And if so, can you give any more color on the player and consumption dynamics you're seeing in GTA? And then on the mobile side, you highlighted how the advertising business is hanging in there and growing a fair bit better than that purchases. Do you expect the advertising to materially outperform in-app purchases over the next couple of quarters? The reason I ask is because presumably, a lot of those ad dollars are coming from other game companies. And then I wonder if eventually that feels the pain from in-app purchases across the industry going down.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your questions. Look, GTA Online and NBA 2K are very different animals. GTA Online has been around for nearly 10 years. It's beloved by a massive audience. GTA V, the underlying title has sold in more than 170 million units. NBA 2K is an annualized release, and so we get an annual snapshot of how virtual currency is doing. Engagement is very high indeed. Virtual currency is up in NBA 2K23. The mobile advertising business, look, these are two different businesses and the vast majority of our net bookings at Zynga comes from in-app purchases still. So yes, we expect the growth rate in advertising probably to exceed the growth rate in in-app purchases, certainly for the next year. Beyond that, I think it's too early to say.
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Crum with Stifel.
Drew Crum: Maybe just piggying back and off the last question, asking more broadly. With your guidance update and the impact from more cautious macro backdrop, if you isolate your console PC business, can you discuss it in any way you change your view on RCS for this part of the business, so excluding multiple? And then separately, can you talk about the decision to close Playdots? And is this, in any way, factors into that $100 million-plus of cost synergies that accompanied the Zynga transaction?
Lainie Goldstein: So for RCS, we did lower our expectations. Most of it was for mobile since our prior guidance assumed that mobile would experience some improvement in the second half of the year. But we no longer expect that since the current data for the industry and our real-time performance has shown that we think it will lower in the second half of the year. But we are also assuming some softer performance for several of our large non-mobile titles that are meaningful contributors to RCS. So that's why our expectations for RCS are to come down in the second half of the year.
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to Playdots, we've relocated the operations of our successful game, Two Dots to another studio. And yes, that was driven by the integration benefits that we felt we could achieve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays.
Mario Lu: Wanted to ask about mobile. With the full year guidance, 70% of it coming from mobile but Rollic outperformed in the second quarter. So is there some main factors you can point to that separates Rollic from the rest of the mobile portfolio. Is it being kind of immune to IDFA? Is it competition? And then lastly, just curious to hear your thoughts on potentially leveraging the success of Rollic with perhaps cross promotion to other mobile games?
Lainie Goldstein: So Mario, 70% is mobile and the movement in the release schedule, so it's a combination of both of those two items. So it's not only mobile. But you're right, Rollic did outperform in Q2 so that business is doing really well.
Karl Slatoff: And some of the reasons because the Rollic is doing well is obviously, it's an advertising-driven business, and we've had some success from an advertising perspective, both in terms of efficiency and inventory availability. And also, it's just given the nature of the hypercasual business, it's not necessarily reliant as much on targeted advertising. So it's a little bit easier to grow your UA in that context because -- where you have situations like IDFA doesn't necessarily Rollic business or the hypercasual business in the same way that it would in the normal bubble business. I'm sorry, I missed the second question. What was that, about cross-promotion?
Mario Lu: Yes, the question was, your thoughts on potentially leveraging the success of Rollic to cross-promotion or view that as an acquisition channel to other mobile…?
Karl Slatoff: Yes, there are certainly opportunities to do that. You can make an argument that it's a different kind of a customer. I think there's obviously overlap. There may be some differences. But the fact that you've got a large funnel of players coming into your database always going to be something that's going to help your UA strategy across your entire enterprise and specifically on the mobile side of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: Just regarding the $500 million of revenue synergies with Zynga, which you reiterated, any early opportunities you're seeing across your portfolio to execute on this? And then Lainie, you mentioned other potential cost opportunities that could come up. Is that something that's factored into your guide or would that be incremental to it?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. On the first question, yes, there are a number of early opportunities that we've identified, including our approach directly to the consumer on the mobile business, which is pretty exciting and could generate material benefits. And we're working on a number of properties as well. It will take longer to bring some titles to market but that's super exciting.
Lainie Goldstein: And in terms of the operating expense synergies, we do have some of the synergies with Zynga included in our guide. But in terms of the other areas of efficiencies, we don't have those in our guide yet. We have some ideas that we're looking at. So like on a multiyear basis, we're evaluating our real estate footprint as we adopt flexible work policies. We're also looking at identifying some core functions that we can centralize across our labels, determining the necessity of some opening to hire positions and also negotiating some vendor contracts more effectively across the company. So those are additional opportunities that we're seeing in our cost structure. So we'll be looking at achieving those in the next year or so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Creutz with Cowen.
Doug Creutz: Just to tie a couple of things that have already been said together. You mentioned that you've been assuming that mobile would improve in the back half of the year and now you're not assuming that. Is it simply to say that you thought it would get better isn't or that it's actually continued to deteriorate since the last call?
Strauss Zelnick: It's the former.
Operator: Our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer.
Martin Yang: My first question is on NBA 2K's ASP trends. You mentioned there's some year-over-year improvement. Can you maybe dig into details on what contributed to the ASP improvement?
Karl Slatoff: Yes, it’s basically we came out with a Championship Edition this year. Every year, we do different marketing packages or different SKUs. We had a particularly successful one this year that features some very prominent basketball players, and that carries a much higher average selling price and that's affecting the ASP. So it really is just sort of -- it's the SKU mix of the title.
Martin Yang: Got it. And then a follow-up question regarding your mobile synergy. Is there any milestones you could share with us updating where the teams are at? Are new teams being formed to build mobile game space on your core IP? Is there any games in aviation phase or any other milestones will be appreciated?
Karl Slatoff: Yes. We don't have anything specific to announce right now. And I assume your question is really related, as it relates to releasing Take-Two IP or games, yes. Because obviously, there's a lot of other smaller things we can do with leads, et cetera, and also just the efficiencies about bringing the companies together, T2 mobile and Zynga -- the acquired Zynga component. But yes, there are a lot of conversations going on. There are a lot of ideas flowing back and forth. We don't have anything to announce right now, but those conversations are going very well and they're exciting. When it materializes, it's difficult to assess. The creative process is a very specific process and some of them take longer than others. And the most important thing is that we have game concepts that make sense from a commercial perspective but also from a brand perspective. So the teams are having those conversations for now. So stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matti Littunen with Bernstein.
Matti Littunen: First question on NBA units. So it sounds like, if I heard correctly, that the unit number so far is very similar to what you said a year ago. So could you just confirm, has it been broadly similar? Has there been any slight growth or decline on that? And then on the live services revenue, could you give us any color in terms of how that revenue is currently split between MyCAREER and MyTEAM and maybe how that's trending over time?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's roughly the same number of units year-over-year and virtual currency spending is up. And we don't split out the spending in the different modes for the purpose of this call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo.
Brian Fitzgerald: Lainie, you talked to this a little bit. But in terms of labor, how do you think about things improving as the market cools off a bit for tech employees? And how are you thinking about headcount growth and retention from here? Does the cooling labor market give you any leverage in terms of getting developers back to the office? Does that help things? Any color there would be great.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we don't really look at our relations with our colleagues as one of leverage, so we probably wouldn't describe it through that lens. I do think that it's probably going to become easier to hire people when a lot of tech businesses are laying people off. We don't expect a rip and we don't have a hiring freeze. We're always judicious about the people we bring on board. We pride ourselves on being highly efficient, and we believe we are highly efficient now. So I do think that this may make it somewhat easier to hire really talented people, but we wouldn't use these times to apply leverage. We believe that we have great relationships with our workforce and those are terribly important to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Dessouky with Bank of America.
Omar Dessouky: My question is about mobile advertising efficiency. How has mobile advertising efficiency in the September quarter trended versus the March and the June quarters, especially at Zynga? And what are your go-forward assumptions for the December and March quarter? And what I mean by advertising efficiency is the kind of in-app purchase bookings divided by the advertising spend?
Karl Slatoff: Just to be clear, you define advertising efficiency as in-app purchases divided by advertising spend?
Omar Dessouky: Yes, or the reciprocal of that. So like the total advertising spend as a percentage of bookings. Sorry, I should have said it that way.
Karl Slatoff: Right. So I think, look, we don't break -- we're not necessarily breaking that out specifically and I'm not sure that I would characterize that as efficiency, but it certainly would be an interesting measure to look at. And as we said before, we've experienced pretty strong growth in our advertising business and we've had some pressure on in-app purchases. So it stands to reason that, that ratio would probably be going more in favor of the advertising business versus in-app purchases. That isn't necessarily a long-term trend. That's just something that we're seeing in the short run. We fully expect in-app purchases to come back at one point in the future. As Strauss said before, a little hard to gauge that when that may happen, but that is our expectation. So those ratios, I don't believe are necessarily going to be fixed over time or necessarily moving in a specific direction, again, depending on what happens in the broader market.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. And just a follow-up on that would be, have you changed which channels you're using for user acquisition for mobile, specifically for Zynga? Or how do you, for example, concentrate your spend in specific channels? Has that changed at all?
Karl Slatoff: Yes, I don't think the mix in terms of where we're spending concentrating has changed dramatically based on anything that we've seen in the market. You can certainly expect that day-to-day, quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month, you're going to see variations depending on where media opportunities exist. So I'm sure you're going to see some variation depending on what happens in specific media outlets. But I don't see a broader trend that's pushing us towards any particular asset versus another.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Hickey with Benchmark.
Michael Hickey: The first one is on your guidance for '23. I mean, obviously, a couple of revisions here. Do you feel like you're sort of being conservative enough? Obviously, a lot of uncertainty on the macro mobile, but is there still downside risk and where would that be? And then on '24, you said growth sequentially. You've given us some data on the S-4 and I think on your presentation with Zynga. Street is looking for $8 billion in revenue, [759] in ETFs. Obviously, that's a pretty big step-up. Guessing it's coming from premium as mobile is slowing here. Obviously, live service is not great. Is it just one, two, three titles on premium or any sort of granularity, I guess, on the '24 growth would be great. And then the second question is on the very unfortunate GTA League. Just curious how you and your teams are sort of managing through that impact, if you feel that there's a residual advantage or not and how you sort of move forward and think about timing.
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the guidance for '23 on being conservative or still downside risk, we always guide based on what we know at the time that we know it. So I wouldn't say they're conservative or a risk either way. I feel like we gave the best information that we have at the time that we have it. So it's what we know right now. And hopefully, the -- it gets better, but that's what we feel the numbers are at this time. And in terms of the CAGR and the fiscal -- the numbers that were in the S-4, we generally do not provide long-term growth targets in our normal course of business. We only did that previously because of the pending combination with Zynga. And as you know, the in our business because of the changes in the shifts in the release slate can happen, it really doesn't make sense for us to give long-term numbers on a regular basis. So we've never really done that in the past. But we're really continuing to be very excited about our pipeline of the strong titles that we have, and we have many large-scale projects underway. So the potential of the titles in the pipeline, that has not changed at all. We remain highly confident that they're going to deliver us sequential years of growth and record performance in the next few years. So that hasn't changed. So we really feel great about our numbers in the next few years, as we said.
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to the leak, it was terribly unfortunate and we take those sorts of incidents very seriously indeed. There's no evidence that any material assets were taken, which is a good thing. And certainly, the leak won't have any influence on development or anything of the sort. But it is terribly disappointing and causes us to be ever more vigilant on matters relating to cybersecurity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson.
Clay Griffin: I guess two. It seems like the legacy Take-Two mobile games are holding in a bit better than the legacy Zynga. I guess, what would you attribute that to? Is it just kind of a life cycle of where those titles are relative to kind of when IDFA ATT dropped? And then secondly, just curious, Strauss, I think Phil Spencer was talking about Game Pass and essentially implying that they were nearing saturation, I guess, relative to kind of where the Xbox console installed bases. Just curious if your thoughts about subscription models relative to the traditional premium window have changed over time? I think his comments generally, I think, could be characterized as lining up maybe what your view of the value proposition for a subscription product.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of the legacy Take-Two mobile business versus the Zynga business, I wouldn't necessarily -- I mean, again, we don't really disclose that so I don't think there's any really way try to see that behavior. But I can tell you that we wouldn't look at it that way because there are certain games within the Take-Two legacy portfolio and the games in the Zynga portfolio, some are doing better than others and some are doing great, some are not doing as well. So there's a lot of variation within the portfolio itself. So I wouldn't necessarily characterize it as the T2 mobile businesses are doing better than Zynga or vice versa. It's not really how we look at the business anymore.
Strauss Zelnick: It's all one, it's all Zynga. It's managed by the Zynga team and we have a lot of great titles.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. And we're specifically hoping that with the T2 mobile titles, and we're starting to see some of this collaboration happening that we're going to be -- they're going to be able to benefit from the power of the Zynga mobile platform, which has some really interesting opportunities for us to be more efficient and opportunistic in the consumer life cycle management.
Strauss Zelnick: And on the subscription side, look, we've been very cooperative with both Sony and Microsoft on their subscription offerings when it makes sense for us. And my own views have not changed at all since I first started talking about subscription, which is now, I want to say, probably four years ago. The interactive entertainment business is very different than the linear entertainment business. People consume far fewer hours of interactive entertainment in a given month than they do of linear entertainment. And within that consumption, there are far fewer titles consumed in interactive entertainment than there are with linear entertainment. So I, at least, pose the question as to whether subscription makes as much sense for interactive entertainment as it does for linear entertainment and registered some skepticism, which I still hold. I think the second area of skepticism was whether it made sense -- and this is a rhetorical question because I think the answer is no, to offer frontline titles [day and day] with titles on a subscription service. I don't think that ever made sense. I still don't think it makes sense. And I believe that it's now becoming obvious that it doesn't make sense. It's just a lost opportunity for the publisher. So I wouldn't want to speak for my friend, Phil, but our views remain unchanged. There probably is a subscription business. It's a catalog business. It's probably best aimed at very avid consumers because those are the consumers who are interested in playing catalog titles, implying a whole bunch of different titles in a given month. But I don't think it's a mass market service that supplants the interactive entertainment business as we know it at all. And I don't think there's any evidence to the contrary so far.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Matthew Thornton with Truist.
Matthew Thornton: Maybe two quick follow-ups. First one on coming back to mobile, again. Maybe this is for Strauss. How do you think about what's currently going on from a macro perspective as opposed to just a user acquisition perspective, given what's going on in the iOS environment, in particular? Is there a way to tease apart what percentage of the pressure is from one versus the other? And relatedly, what's your level of confidence that we come out of? I mean, macro will resolve itself. But from a UA perspective, from an ecosystem perspective, what's your level of confidence that you can kind of control coming out of this doldrum? That's the first question. The second one is a really easy one. Given where the stock price is, I'm kind of curious your appetite around buybacks. I know you guys have been fairly opportunistic in the past. Obviously, we've taken on some leverage with Zynga, but I'm kind of curious how you're thinking about that, given where the share price is.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of mobile, from a macro perspective, I think that you're right. There's a difference between user acquisition and retention and conversion. And on user acquisition, I think we and everyone else is just going to be a bit more selective to drive efficiency. And in terms of retention and conversion, that's a reflection of people just not having to spend mobile. You can enjoy a title without spending in-game. 90-plus percent of consumers do not spend in-game. And so at times when consumers are feeling the pressure of higher prices for fuel and food, for example, they may be less likely to spend money on entertainment, especially when you can have the experience anyhow. So in terms of our expectations, I think this is -- it's a moment where we will, in fact, tune up our UA spend to become more efficient. That's a good thing. And yes, we will probably see some pressure on in-game purchases for a period of time. As I said earlier in the call, not that I think you can underwrite to this because it's just 1 person's opinion, I think there'll be pressure for three to six months at least that's driven by the economy and geopolitical factors. And I'm hoping that by the end of '23 -- I believe that by the end of '23, things will normalize and will be on an upward swing again. And Lainie will take the question about buybacks.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So we continue to believe in returning value to the shareholders and via share buyback, but we'll only do so when the conditions are right. And obviously, we believe that there is deep value in our market price currently. But in order to do a share repurchase, we would need to do it in an open trading window and also have the optimal capital structure that supports the purchases. So we'll see when it makes sense for us to do it. So that's how we see it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer.
Martin Yang: This is a question referring to your earlier definition of Take-Two’s identity as a hit factory. I want to know if you hold a similar view over your mobile game portfolio. Do you feel there's a need for a portfolio review on mobile games based on the quality and future potentials?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. At any given time, we're always reviewing our portfolio, both in terms of the performance of the current titles and the potential for new titles that we're working on. And Frank and his team are very focused on making sure to optimize the current title lineup and to make sure that our development for new titles is as effective and poised for success as it possibly can be. Good news is we have a terrific lineup of great titles and our mobile titles all make money.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Dessouky with Bank of America.
Omar Dessouky: I'm just going to sneak a quick one in here. And apologies if Karl had already answered this by saying that you don't have the details. But in terms of part of your synergies may come from applying PC console IP to the casual mobile market using the Zynga development resources, I think when I've spoken with you in the past, you called out an example of like a Red Dead Redemption poker game, for example. Are these mobile games you're envisioning targeted towards fans of the existing PC console franchises like Red Dead or towards mobile-first casual gamers that would play -- that would otherwise play games like Zynga Poker or Empires & Puzzles?
Strauss Zelnick: I think it's a great question, thank you. And I think the bottom line is you're probably not going to convert a console player to become a mobile player. You have to appeal to a mobile player. And we believe that legacy IP, when properly developed as a great title, can do just that. But it's not a SLAM DUNK by any means. It's still got to be a great game. But you're not going to convince someone who never plays a mobile title to play a mobile title just because it's based on console IP.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll hand the floor back to management.
Strauss Zelnick: Want to thank everyone for joining us today. I want to say thanks particularly to our dedicated team of colleagues all around the world who continue to do a great job. While it would be nice always to have the best possible news in an upward sloping curve, this is a business that occasionally does present us with challenges. This team is well suited to challenges. We have a great pipeline, we have a great team. We have the ability to deliver, and we wish you all a great holiday season. Thank you joining us. And thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great evening.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-08-08 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Conference Call.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 ended June 30, 2022. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Twoâs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, Iâd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled "Risk Factors." I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-overyear. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any Non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, Iâll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick : Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Fiscal 2023 is off to a great start, highlighted by first quarter Net Bookings of $1 billion. Our performance demonstrates the quality of our games and our ability to engage audiences across the globe, despite the impacts of various macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. This has been a milestone period in the history of our Company, as we closed our combination with Zynga. This transaction firmly establishes Take-Twoâs position as one of the largest pure-play interactive entertainment companies in the world. We are home to the industry's top creative talent and we own and control an exceptional, diverse portfolio of intellectual properties encompassing all key platforms and genres. We are exceedingly optimistic about the long-term growth potential for the mobile industry, as well as our ability to create greater shareholder value as a combined entity. Over the past few months, we have made significant progress in our integration efforts. Zynga, which is being run by the labelâs President, Frank Gibeau, established its ongoing leadership structure. Alongside Frank, we are fortunate to have numerous, proven senior executives who will be instrumental in overseeing Zyngaâs day-to-day operations and taking our combined mobile business to the next level of success. The integration of our corporate functions and systems has been tracking well, and we are pleased that our Day 1 plans were executed seamlessly, with no disruptions to our business operations or player communities. While itâs still early, we are confident that we can realize $100 million of annual cost synergies within two years post-close and we are exploring additional areas of efficiencies. Our creative teams are in active discussions about potential projects, and we remain committed to delivering over $500 million of annual Net Bookings opportunities over time. There are several meaningful drivers in mobile that we believe our teams can begin to activate this fiscal year, including implementing new bold beats, driven by new content and other live-service enhancements; user acquisition optimization; creating a centralized library for development technologies and tools; enhancing the monetization of in-game advertising; and continuing to invest in our ad tech platform with Chartboost. Over the intermediate and long-term, our vision is to introduce mobile games for some of our most popular and proven intellectual properties that have the potential to be greatly additive to our financial profile. We have observed positive signs that some mobile players are looking for more sophisticated and immersive content, and we look forward to participating in this trend that should continue for the foreseeable future. We also see a tremendous opportunity to establish a more meaningful presence in key mobile-first emerging markets. â¢ Turning to our first quarter results, on a pre-combination basis, our Net Bookings of $731 million were within our previously stated outlook range, led by the outperformance of NBA 2K22 and WWE 2K22. Zynga's offerings complemented our results significantly for the period. NBA 2K22 continued to dominate as the industry's leading basketball game, with sell-in of over 12 million units to date, exceeding the seriesâ sell-in from the prior year. During the first quarter, engagement with the title remained strong, with average games played per user increasing 16% year-over-year. In addition, NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition remains the #1 game on Apple Arcade since its launch in October 2021, and downloads of NBA 2K Mobile remained robust, driven by the Courtside Pass updates and content surrounding the NBA Playoffs and Finals. Our partnership with the NBA remains incredibly strong and we look forward to the launch of NBA 2K23 in September. Throughout the first quarter, 2K and Visual Concepts released a series of DLC packs to support WWE 2K22, which brought even more fan-favorite superstars into the ring for what has been hailed by critics and consumers alike as our best WWE offering in the series. Engagement with the title has been outstanding, with more than 330 million in-game matches played and over 8.5 million hours of WWE 2K22 content viewed on Twitch. We greatly value our partnership with the WWE and are thrilled about the long-term opportunity to grow the franchise further together. Rockstar Games capitalized on the momentum from last quarterâs releases of Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 5 and Xbox series X/S, Grand Theft Auto Online standalone, and the launch of GTA+, as the experience continues to captivate players. Latest generation console players of Grand Theft Auto Online grew over 40% this quarter and are monetizing at a rate 36% higher than players on the previous generation. GTA+, the premium membership available exclusively on those consoles, has seen consistent growth since launch. The GTA Online community remains strong, and its audience size is operating at a new normal that is 49% higher than the pre-pandemic first quarter of fiscal 2020. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V also remained strong, and to date, the title has sold-in nearly 170 million units. With development of the next entry in the Grand Theft Auto series well underway, the Rockstar Games team is determined to once again set creative benchmarks for the series, our industry, and for all entertainment, just as the label has done with every one of their frontline releases. We were pleased with the performance of Red Dead Redemption 2, which continues to expand its audience and, to date, has sold-in more than 45 million units worldwide. Tiny Tinaâs Wonderlands exceeded our expectations and continued to sustain healthy player engagement, due in part to its robust post-launch content, which will continue throughout the Fiscal Year. The title has resonated with core fans and new audiences, with nearly 40% of players having never before played a Borderlands title. Additionally, Tiny Tinaâs Wonderlands launched on Steam in June alongside its previously released DLC offerings. Also in June, 2K and Supermassive Games launched The Quarry, an all-new horror narrative game, where every choice, big or small, shapes your story and determines who lives to tell the tale. The title launched to strong reviews, with NPR declaring it âthis summerâs best horror game,â and Variety calling it âevery horror fanâs dream video game.â And, Private Division released Void Riders, the first expansion for their critically acclaimed skateboarding action title, OlliOlli World, from Roll 7. The expansion earned an 87 on OpenCritic, which was even higher than the base gameâs excellent review scores. Private Division will share more details regarding the gameâs second expansion later this year. Recurrent consumer spending rose 48% and accounted for 73% of Net Bookings. This was significantly above our prior guidance due to the inclusion of Zynga for part of the quarter, which was not included previously, as well as outperformance from our core portfolio. During the period, Zynga continued to experience strength in player engagement and retention, and we believe that we are maintaining our healthy market share on a global basis. Additionally, we delivered significant growth in advertising Net Bookings, which was offset by some pressure on in-app purchases due to current macroeconomic conditions and seasonality. Some key highlights of our mobile offerings during the quarter include: Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells featured an in-game event to celebrate the cinematic release of "Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore." Empires & Puzzles introduced the game's fifth season, Dynasty of Dunes. Zynga Poker released the Omaha update, giving players a new way to enjoy the popular game. Words With Friends introduced Clubs, a new feature that expands the game's social experience by offering shared spaces that players can enjoy together. Rollic launched 11 games in the quarter and Colors Runners! reached the #1 top free downloaded games position in the U.S. App Store in June. Turning to our outlook, we now expect to deliver Net Bookings of $5.8 billion to $5.9 billion, which includes Zynga for part of the year. Our pipeline for the year continues to look very strong, and we are excited to expand significantly our mobile presence with a best-in-class platform. Our new forecast also takes into account some movement in our release slate for the year, foreign currency pressures, and macroeconomic uncertainty. Lainie will provide more details shortly. Looking ahead, our long-term vision is clearer than ever, and we believe that our combination with Zynga will enable us to capitalize better on the evolving dynamics of the interactive entertainment industry. As we deliver our expansive, diverse pipeline and pursue the vast opportunities that we have identified through our combination with Zynga, we see a path to engage even greater audiences around the world, grow our scale, and enhance our margins. I will now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for a great start to the year driven by their tireless passion, creativity and commitment to deliver the best entertainment experiences in the world. I'll now discuss our recent releases. On July 7, 2K and Supermassive Games launched an update to the popular horror experience, The Quarry, which introduced several new features, including Wolfpack, a new online multiplayer mode where the host can invite other players to help shape the story as a collaborative group. In addition, all six episodes of the Bizarre Yet Bonafide podcast featured in The Quarry are now available in-game and in their entirety. The podcast, which was previously available only on select streaming platforms, follows two fictional paranormal investigators as they delve into the troubling secrets of The Quarry. On July 19th, 2K and Visual Concepts released the fifth and final DLC pack for WWE 2K22, entitled âThe Whole Dam Pack.â The update features pop-culture icon Machine Gun Kelly, social media megastar Logan Paul, and high-flying, hard-hitting WWE Hall of Famer Rob Van Dam, alongside franchise debuts from LA Knight, Xia Li, Commander Azeez, and Sarray. We are very proud to have delivered such a stellar WWE offering this year and to support the title with our fansâ most beloved superstars. On July 26th, Rockstar Games continued to grow and evolve the world of Grand Theft Auto Online across all platforms with the launch of The Criminal Enterprises, a sweeping update bringing new business prospects for Criminal Careers, plus new, elaborate Contact Missions, auto showrooms to test drive and purchase vehicles, and many other upgrades rolling out all summer long. The update also delivers highly-requested experience improvements as well as increased payouts across a range of gameplay, offering players more choices and freedom as they climb their way up the criminal ranks. We remain incredibly excited about our pipeline for Fiscal 2023 and beyond. On August 16th, Private Division and Roll7 will release Rollerdrome, a brand-new third-person, single-player shooter. This stylish, high-octane game combines adrenaline-fueled skate stunts with intense combat in a retro-futuristic world. The title will be available on Steam and for PlayStation Plus members for an introductory price just under $20, after which it will retail for $29.99. Additionally, PlayStation Plus Premium members will be able to play a free trial of the game when it launches. On September 9th, 2K and Visual Concepts will launch NBA 2K23, the next offering from our industry-leading NBA series. Phoenix Sunsâ shooting guard, three-time NBA All-Star, and 2021-22 Kia All-NBA First Team selection, Devin Booker, is featured on this yearâs Standard Edition and cross-gen Digital Deluxe Edition. The Iconic Michael Jordan appears on the cover of the NBA 2K23 Michael Jordan Edition and the brand-new NBA 2K23 Championship Edition, which retails for $149.99 and delivers incredible value by including a 12-month subscription to the NBA League Pass for the first time. In the U.S. and Canada, players can purchase the WNBA Edition as a GameStop exclusive, featuring Phoenix Mercury superstar Diana Taurasi, along with Seattle Storm legend Sue Bird. 2K has partnered with Every Kid Sports to support greater representation of females in basketball with a $100,000 donation that will enable girls across the U.S. to participate in youth sports. 2K will reveal more details of NBA 2K23 in the coming weeks. We have made the decision to move back the launch timing of Marvel's Midnight Suns to ensure the teams at Firaxis Games and 2K deliver the best possible experience for our fans. The title will launch later this fiscal year on Windows PC, Xbox Series X|S, and PlayStation 5. The Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Nintendo Switch versions will follow at a later date. During the fourth quarter, Private Division and Intercept games will launch Kerbal Space Program 2 on PC. The gameâs dedicated community can look forward to more information about the game and its new features from the titleâs ongoing gameplay reveal video series. 2Kâs teams at Visual Concepts and HB Studios remain hard at work on their upcoming launches of WWE 2K23 and PGA TOUR 2K23. 2K will have more to share on these annual sports offerings shortly. Zynga has a handful of games that are currently in soft-launch, with more on the horizon, and we expect some of these titles will begin launching worldwide in our next fiscal year. This includes Star Wars Hunters, which is continuing to regularly roll out new content updates and features as it progresses through to a more mature phase of soft launch in strategic territories. At the same time, Rollic will continue to release a high volume of mobile titles as it has done previously. Turning to eSports, the NBA 2K League Championships tip off will take place in Indianapolis at the Pavilion at Pan Am, with 3v3 play August 17th through the 20th, and 5v5 play August 24th through the 27th . We remain excited about the continued success and growth of the NBA 2K League. In closing, we believe that our Company today is the strongest and most diverse it has ever been. With approximately 11,000 of the industryâs best and brightest talent, the most exciting and commercially successful portfolio of owned intellectual property, and the ability to deliver deeply captivating and engaging entertainment experiences on any platform anywhere in the world, we believe that we are well-positioned to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Iâll now turn the call over to Lainie
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss the key highlights from our first quarter before reviewing our financial outlook for the fiscal year 2023 and second quarter. Please note that our first quarter results include Zynga's financial performance for 39 days of the quarter, which impacts the comparability of our results relative to last year, as well as to our prior guidance, which did not include the contribution from Zynga. Also, any references to Take-Twoâs pre-combination results are referring to our financial performance excluding the acquired Zynga business. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. As Strauss mentioned, this was a momentous quarter for our organization as we closed our transaction with Zynga and made significant progress on our integration efforts. Our teams created detailed plans to realize at least $100 million of annual cost synergies and we continue to expect approximately $50 million to be achieved within the first twelve months post-close. The largest opportunities include reducing duplicative corporate overhead and contracts, consolidating systems, rationalizing our real estate footprint, and leveraging Zynga's marketing functions across our other mobile titles. We are also exploring additional areas of efficiencies. At the same time, we delivered strong first quarter results, driven by Net Bookings of $1 billion. On a pre-combination basis, our Net Bookings were $731 million, which grew 3% compared to last year and was within our guidance range of $700 million to $750 million. The movement in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted our Net Bookings by approximately 1%. We were also pleased with Zyngaâs contribution for part of the quarter. With consumers today navigating various macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, we believe that our financial performance truly demonstrates the resiliency of our business model, driven by the incredible quality of our games and the significant value that our interactive entertainment experiences provide our players. During the period, recurrent consumer spending rose 48% and accounted for 73% of Net Bookings. This was significantly above our prior guidance due to the inclusion of Zynga for part of the quarter, as well as the outperformance of our pre-combination portfolio, led by NBA 2K22, Tiny Tinaâs Wonderlands, and Top Eleven. Digitally-delivered Net Bookings increased 41% and accounted for 95% of the total. During the quarter, 77% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 73% last year. GAAP net revenue increased 36% to $1.1 billion and cost of revenue increased 32% to $436 million, which included a $20 million impairment charge related to our decision not to proceed with further development of a title from an unannounced new franchise. Operating expenses increased by 125% to $704 million, primarily driven by the addition of Zynga and a full quarter of Nordeus, business acquisition costs and higher personnel and marketing expenses. And our GAAP net loss was $104 million, or $0.76 per share, which was largely impacted by $117 million of amortization of acquired intangibles and $165 million of business acquisition costs. Our GAAP net loss benefited from a reversal of expense of approximately $48 million related to forfeitures of previously granted stock awards. In the first quarter last year, our GAAP net income was $152 million, or $1.30. Our management tax rate for the period was 18% as compared to 16% in the prior year as a result of our combination with Zynga. On a pre-combination basis, our management results excluding the impacts of the Zynga transaction exceeded the high end of our guidance range by $0.06, despite the impairment charge taken during the quarter and the higher tax rate. We ended the quarter with over $1.3 billion of cash and short-term Investments and $3.3 billion of debt. Turning to our guidance, Iâll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. â¢ As Strauss mentioned, we are initiating new guidance that includes our combination with Zynga for approximately 10 months of our fiscal year. We now expect to deliver Net Bookings of $5.8 billion to $5.9 billion. Our assumptions take into consideration some shifts in our pipeline for the year, as well as movement in foreign exchange rates and the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. The largest contributors to Net Bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Empires & Puzzles, Rollicâs hypercasual mobile portfolio, Toon Blast, and Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online. We expect the Net Bookings breakdown from our labels to be 45% Zynga, which includes our former T2 mobile titles, 37% 2K, 17% Rockstar Games, and 1% Private Division. We forecast our geographic Net Bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% International. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 110% and represent 77% of total Net Bookings. Our digitally-delivered Net Bookings are expected to grow by approximately 80% and represent 96% of Net Bookings. Our forecast assumes that 74% of console game sales will be delivered-digitally, up from 68% last year. We expect to generate more than $700 million in Non-GAAP Adjusted Unrestricted Operating Cash Flow and we expect to deploy approximately $135 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $5.73 billion to $5.83 billion and cost of revenue to range from $2.74 billion to $2.79 billion, which includes approximately $700 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $3.37 billion to $3.38 billion as compared to $1.5 billion last year. This increase reflects the inclusion of Zynga; business acquisition costs; and higher personnel, marketing, and IT expenses, which is slightly offset by our anticipated cost synergies for the year. And, we expect a GAAP net loss ranging from $398 million to $438 million, or $2.50 to $2.75 per share, which assumes a basic share count of 159.2 million shares. We expect our management tax rate to be 18% throughout the year. Now, moving to our guidance for the fiscal second quarter: We project net bookings to range from $1.5 billion to $1.55 billion, compared to $985 million in the second quarter last year. The largest contributors to net Bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Empires and Puzzles, Rollicâs hypercasual mobile portfolio, and Toon Blast. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow approximately 85% and digitally-delivered Net Bookings to increase approximately 70%. Our forecast assumes that 73% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 65% last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.37 billion to $1.42 billion and cost of revenue to range from $700 million to $719 million, which includes approximately $200 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Operating expenses are expected to range from $849 million to $859 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 125% increase over last year. This increase reflects the inclusion of Zynga and business acquisition costs, as well as higher marketing and personnel expenses, which we believe will be slightly offset by the realization of some of our anticipated cost synergies. And, GAAP net loss is expected to range from $144 million to $160 million, or $0.86 to $0.96 per share, which assumes a basic share count of 166.4 million shares. In closing, we had a great start to the year and we believe that our combination with Zynga will enhance our positioning as one of the top interactive entertainment companies in the world. As our teams continue to leverage the core competencies from Zyngaâs publishing platform, we believe that we will be able to engage our player base more deeply, add new dimensions to our existing portfolio, and deliver significant long-term growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. Thank you. Iâll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering an excellent start to the year. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question comes from Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric Handler : Two questions. First, Lainie, I wonder if you could sort of size the changes in guidance in terms of how we might have been thinking about Marvel's Midnight Sun versus what's changed with FX and macro.
Lainie Goldstein : So for the difference in the pre-combination business, we had some shifts in the pipeline for the year. And then there was a movement in the foreign exchange rates. And then there's also the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. So I would say that the shifts in our pipeline were the most meaningful to our numbers. So I would say we had some titles that moved within the year. And that was Marvel Midnight Sunâs and then there was an unannounced title that moved out of the year as well. So I would say definitely the pipeline changes that were the most -- to the change in the guidance.
Eric Handler : Great. And then Strauss, I wondered if you could talk a little bit about the state of the mobile industry right now. There has been a little bit of headwinds with growth for the industry in this year. And wondering as you look at Zynga's portfolio and combining it with your portfolio, how fast can you integrate sort of the ad network? Are things changing relative to what you were thinking maybe at the time the acquisition closed or maybe even when you first made the acquisition?
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric. There's a lot there. We are seeing some softness in the mobile market. The good news is, I think we're doing better than most, if not all. And I think we're seeing an offsetting increase in our market share. I think the reason we're seeing probably a bit more softness in mobile than in console is in console to participate you have to buy. And in mobile, by definition, you're in a free-to-play environment. You can play without paying if you are feeling the pinch of inflation, specifically with regard to nondiscretionary expenditures like fuel and food, you could imagine that if you're playing the game, you might choose to spend a bit less or spend a bit less frequently. That said, we think Zyngaâs highly diverse portfolio of terrific games is a meaningful offset. And as I said, I think we're outperforming the market. That's our belief. We're also seeing growth in advertising revenues. And because I think we under-index in advertising, that's an opportunity that will be offsetting to the broader market even if we see ongoing softness. But as you know, we always call it the way we see it. And what we're seeing is overall some softness in the marketplace. When you have 50% of big bank economists saying we think we might be in a recession in the next quarter or 2, my attitude is the market believes we're in a recession right now. And as a consumer-facing company, we are seeing some softness. With regard to the integration, I'm not sure you asked about how it's going, but it's going really well. And we expect to meet or exceed our cost synergy expectations, both in terms of magnitude and timing. And more importantly, we fit really well together culturally. And I think all of us at Zynga and now all of us at Take-Two are very excited about the combination of the way things are going and how well the teams do fit together. And we had a sense of that during the diligence period, but it's always nice to know post closing that that's the case. And I think you alluded to whether we can sort of create one broader integrated platform. As you know, Take-Two Mobile Games has been folded into the Zynga division, which is operated by Frank Gibeau and his team, highly independently. And one of their key priorities is to create an integrated platform that will bring the best out in all of our games. So enhance our acquisition and enhance our conversion, enhance our retention, enhance our lifetime value and also enhance, as I said, our advertising revenue. Zynga has a proprietary ad tech platform driven by their Chartboost division. And we're excited about what that can bring to Zynga and also bring to all of Take-Two.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities.
Matthew Thornton : Maybe two, if I could. First one, Lainie, I've been wondering if you'd be able to give us what the RCS percentage of bookings was for legacy Take-Two for the quarter. I think it was 73% total with Zynga. I'm curious kind of what that number was without the quarter. And then just secondly, Strauss, any movement in the out-year pipeline if we think about how things are progressing and developing. I guess what's your general sense about progress maybe when we last talked 3 months ago, that would be helpful.
Lainie Goldstein : In terms of the RCS for the pre-combination, we're not really breaking that out anymore. We're really looking at the business overall as one business. But I can tell you that we did outperform NBA 2K 22, Tiny Tina's Wonderland and top 11 versus our guidance for the quarter. So those 3 titles did better than we had expected.
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of the pipeline, yes, as Lainie mentioned, we did have a number of titles that have effect that has been shifting around that affected our pipeline and some of our results for fiscal '23. Generally speaking, we obviously don't take these shifts lightly. We have seen them before. The most important thing for us is always to put up the best game we possibly can because that's what builds franchise value and ultimately, that's what drives the success of our organization. So it's worth the wait. Typically, that is the best economic decision that we can make. And I would say that I'd characterize the pipeline shifts as well these things do move around and you may have -- that may affect a specific year. It does -- hasn't really changed at all our overall perspective on the growth in the intermediate and long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Cost : I have 2. So I guess just kind of following up on the Chartboost point. I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks and then just now in the Q&A about leveraging those marketing capabilities inside Zynga across other titles. I guess what are you envisioning that looks like? And is that something that can be used to promote titles or cross-promote titles on PC and console in addition to mobile? And then just on the commentary, I think, in the press release about the $500 million of synergies now that you kind of have your hands dirty, you've gotten under the hood with Zynga, do you have a sense of how long it will take to establish feasibility and start working through those projects to get a sense of how long they might take? Is it a 5-year process to get those done? What might that timing look like?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, I think to the extent that Zynga succeeds in building a robust ad tech platform, then it will affect all of our live services businesses, not just Zynga's live services businesses. And we're really optimistic about that. To be clear, we haven't baked any of that into our cost synergy expectations. And as you know, we've not included our revenue synergy expectations in our forward-looking projections. So that's all upside if we're able to achieve that. But I feel very good about the exercise. And yes, we'll cross over to the entire company's live services offerings. In terms of the timing for new projects, very hard to call that now. There's a lot of excitement internally. We're working on a lot of interesting potential ideas. And certainly, the development for mobile is much quicker than it is for console. -- but it would be premature to state in a particular time. And of course, all product announcements do come from our labels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays.
Mario Lu: Great. The first one is just a follow-up on the full year guidance, the updated one with Zynga. I was hoping if you could help kind of clarify what items are kind of moved around within the Zynga side. I know that Star Wars: Hunters got pushed back. It sounds like macro weakness deepened a little bit. So any other color you can provide in terms of the Zynga side would be great.
Lainie Goldstein : Sure. There were some movements in their pipeline. There was some changes in the FX rate. The Russia sales were removed from their financials. And then also, there was some overall ad market that the ad market has experienced some pressure. So those are most of the changes that we saw in our numbers over the last few months.
Mario Lu: Okay. And then a follow-up on the recurring consumer spending. I just wanted to make sure for mobile advertising revenue, that's all included, right, in RCS? Or is that categorized somewhere else?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, it is indeed .
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Creutz with Cowen.
Doug Creutz: First, I was just wondering if you're willing to share what Zynga's pro forma rev would have been for the entire quarter. And then secondly, Google is implementing some advertising formatting changes. And there's been some speculation that this could negatively impact the hypercasual ad business. Just wondering what your take is on that. Do you see any risk there -- you think you can manage through?
Lainie Goldstein : We're going to manage their business as one combined entity. So therefore, we're not going to break out the Zynga piece for the quarter. So it's not been our practice to break out our results for the -- with our prior acquisitions. So we're not going to do that here as well.
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to a change in ad formats with Google, I don't have a point of view yet about how that may or may not affect us. I would say we're not concerned at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Dessouky with Bank of America.
Omar Dessouky: Two questions. So just a little bit of clarification on the business plan for Chartboost specifically. Could you clarify whether you're intending to turn that into a third-party broker advertising network that cross promotes third-party games on third-party ad inventory similar to companies like ironSource, AppLovin or Unity. Or it's more of an internal advertising technology tool? That's my first question.
Karl Slatoff : So in terms of chartboost, chartboost does actually deals third parties today. We certainly haven't announced any changes. But that is one area that we're very excited about. Look, the bigger the business is, the more valuable the platform is going to be. It's going to be certainly valuable from a tech perspective internally. But we think it's a great product and whether or not it's got great growth prospects to the third-party market remains to be seen, but that's certainly something that we're -- that is under consideration.
Omar Dessouky: Okay. And then the second question is with regards to the mobile game market and specifically the Zynga assets. If you think about what your outlook for the growth in the expense base was in January when you announced the acquisition versus what you're guiding today, is it about the same? Is it significantly lower given that in the first half, the mobile video game market seems to have not performed terribly well?
Lainie Goldstein : In terms of the changes in the -- in our guidance, it's -- when we're looking at our OpEx, there's an increase in terms of our expenses from Zynga, but then also in terms of against our guidance. We have some lower marketing and some lower headcount expenses due to less new hires due to timing. So that's the big changes between our operating expenses between this guidance and last guidance.
Karl Slatoff : And on the revenue side, there are -- obviously, there are some things that happen in the short term that Lainie and Strauss have always spoken about that can affect what our expectations are, where they are today in the short run versus where they were in January. But overall, our mid- to long-term prospects, growth prospects for the business have not changed. We're still very excited about the prospects.
Operator: Our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer.
Martin Yang: My first question is on your investments into the development resources in the future. Can you maybe talk about your plan for mobile or for Zynga, particularly versus rest of more PC and console facing part of Take-Two in terms of headcount increase or any other support infrastructure you have in plan after integration?
Strauss Zelnick: I think the good news is that we have a very robust team now. We have 11,000 colleagues around the world. And we have the ability to pursue a very ambitious program of development and publishing. And at the same time, we're a growth business, and we expect to continue to grow. So we don't have expectations that we will significantly increase our headcount anytime soon. At the same time, assuming we grow in the way we expect to, and we have an expectation to grow very significantly in the next 3 years, I assume we will increase our development headcount somewhat.
Martin Yang: One more question, if I may. Can you maybe give us more details on the pipeline shift in Take-Two? Is there more conventional reasons like the game is not ready? Or is there any macro factors play into that decision in terms of you feel that market isn't ready for the game, you want to wait until the broader consumer spending environment becomes more friendly to the games released?
Karl Slatoff : Yes. I mean it really is simply that the game is -- to the extent that we're moving games -- shifting later, which is when we have pipeline shifts, that's typically the case. We typically don't move games up. But that is really based on where the game is in development. We would not hold a game that's ready to release based on any overall economic trend or something going on in the market. Potentially, we would maybe move a game a week or 2, depending on -- for marketing windows. But generally speaking, when the game is ready, that's when we release it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo.
Brian Fitzgerald : A couple of quick ones. Maybe rifting on that macro theme. For a long time, we've accepted the narrative that gaming spend is really resilient in a recession because of the low cost per hour of entertainment. But at the same time, the model has shifted towards digital and RCS. Strauss, you hit upon mobile consumer discretionary, mobile advertising. How resilient do you think overall RCS consumer, PC would be if we came into more of a macro environment? It seems that would be a little more resilient than free-to-play type of models on the mobile side. And then a quick follow-up, kind of an odd question. Does your PGA Tour business, is it seeing any impact from the Live Tour and the noise around that?
Strauss Zelnick: So on your first point, I've been asked about the potential impact of the recession on our business since I started with these conference calls some 15 years ago. And over and over again, I said I don't believe the entertainment business is recession proof or even necessarily recession resistant. And I think we're seeing now the decline in consumer spending and increase in inflation will have an impact on the industry. You've seen it from our report today and from our competitors' reports as well. I think conceptually, the impact is probably greater on free-to-play for the reasons that I said earlier in the call, that you can play those titles without spending money. And you may just decide to spend less frequently or less in aggregate. With regard to the console experience, you have to buy the game to play. And so I think if you want the title, you're going to buy it. And as you point out, it's a very good value for consumers. And on your second point, no, we haven't seen any impact on our ongoing sales or engagement with PGA Tour based on, as you put it, the noise around this new offering.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matti Littunen with Bernstein.
Matti Littunen: A question on IDFA. Now you pointed out your outperformance on mobile. Now I was just wondering if the Chartboost stacked at Zynga would have helped you perhaps navigate some of the headwinds that some of your mobile peers have pointed out in regards to IDFA. So could that user acquisition advantage maybe help there with the outperformance? And then just to check on that macro pressure on the business. Are there any interesting geographic trends in terms of differences, for example, between the U.S. market and elsewhere, as you look at those macro headwinds you're seeing so far this year?
Strauss Zelnick: Look, the change in IDFA is the new reality. And we've been operating within that new reality for some time. I do think that our massive consumer database gives us a benefit in that we have all kinds of in-house proprietary information that will help us with our marketing. I do think that the ad tech platform that Zynga has and is building further, including Chartboost, will help us, as I said earlier, do even better. I don't -- I'm really not concerned about this post-IDFA world. And in terms of the macro trends, no, the world tends to kind of move in lockstep on an economic basis. So we don't see any particular geographic changes that meaningfully influence our company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan : Maybe I'll ask a big picture one. Strauss, we're coming up on the beginning of the third year of this console cycle at the end of this year. Any thoughts about what you've seen from new console adoption and what it's meant for overall gaming habits among your users? And how do you think longer term about aligning some of your more interesting content until we get much deeper into the penetration curve because this console cycle has been very different because of elements around the supply chain dynamic.
Strauss Zelnick: I think you nailed it. It's hard to call what's going on because it would normally be early 3 years in, but it has been because of the incredible supply constraints. What we have seen though is when people are buying new consoles, they're highly engaged. So the users, for example, of GTA 5 who are on NuGen are much more engaged than prior gen users. Now that may simply be because they have new machines, and they're excited about them. But it may also be, and it wouldn't surprise me if this were the case, that because the new consoles offer a better experience, it's a more engaging experience. And that historically has been the case, that our business has grown coincident with the growth and exploitation of increasingly robust technology. And I would expect that to continue for some time to come.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Hickey with the Benchmark Company.
Michael Hickey : Congrats on the quarter and congrats on your acquisition, pretty exciting. Two questions for me. First one on your new mobile games from existing IP. Are we -- are you sort of thinking casual spin-offs here like a Red Dead Poker or GTA Casino? Are you thinking more core mobile game releases off your IP? If it is core, do you feel like you have the resources now that you've added Zynga just to make kind of core mobile games? Or would you need to be in a position to hire or create new teams or partner? That's sort of the first question. And the second question on Gen Z and Gen Alpha. Besides being very useful when you think about your biggest IP and where you've had the most last year over the decades, curious what you think your biggest opportunities and challenges are for sort of this emerging new generation of gamers.
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks, Mike, for your comments and your question. With regard to the creation of new mobile titles based on legacy Take-Two IP, it remains to be seen what those expressions will look like. It will be driven by the passion and the talent of the teams. And to your question regarding whether Zynga has the ability to do that development in-house, I think the answer is unquestionably they do. Zynga has many number of talented studios all around the world. That distinguishes Zynga from virtually all other mobile developers and publishers. And it's one of the things that we found most exciting about the company now the label. In terms of the next generation of gamers, I mean the evidence is that they play more. They're more engaged and they play more. And that makes sense because what was new technology 15 years ago, to them, is just part of the landscape. They've grown up and it's like fish in water. People -- kids start playing with smartphones as early as they can play with blocks. So I have to believe that interactive entertainment will continue to grow disproportionately to the rest of the audiovisual entertainment businesses. There's ongoing evidence that is and will remain the fastest-growing segment within the entertainment industry. And I think this next generation will just put a finer and finer point on that. In terms of what we have to give them to engage them, that, that is still the same, which is the highest quality entertainment experience that is available on the face of the earth, and that's our job, that's our mission and that's what drives us all every day.
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel.
Drew Crum : Maybe for Strauss or Karl. Guys, are you seeing any changes with the development cycle? And specifically, has COVID in any way elongated the time it takes to complete a game? And is that something that could put the development pipeline at risk? And then separately, guys, what is the company's plan around debt reduction for fiscal '23?
Karl Slatoff : So in terms of development cycles, I think development cycles are ever changing. And obviously, it varies game by game. The games are getting bigger. They're getting more complicated. There's new technology out there that we can avail ourselves to. So -- and all of that's a learning process. And that learning curve is often very steep. And -- but I would say there's nothing specific about the changing development cycles that we haven't seen before. It's just that the games are bigger and theyâre more complicated and there's more to do. And that's actually what makes our business so exciting.
Lainie Goldstein : In terms of debt reduction, we have a strong cash flow. The business will be generating a lot of cash this year. We look at paying down as much debt it makes sense to at the end of the year. But at the same time, we look at acquisition opportunities as well. So if there's something that makes sense for us to buy during the year, we would also look to do that. So I'd love to see what it looks like at the end of the year based on what the needs are during the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky : Just following up on mobile advertising at Zynga. I think you mentioned you were up year-over-year. Given the overall mobile environment is seeing macro pressure, just wondering how you kind of reconcile that with the advertising gains? Is that about market share? And then I wanted to see if you could just speak to the decision to delay the full launch of Star Wars: Hunters beyond its initial time line? And is that game still slated for a cross-platform just because the platform is listed as TBA in the release?
Karl Slatoff : So in terms of the advertising business, yes, the overall advertising market, generally speaking, has experienced year-over-year declines due to ad tech consolidation and the lower spend on digital advertising. Our advertising revenues have -- the growth has decelerated from the last quarter, but they grew notably versus last year. And we believe we outperformed the industry trends. We expect this trend to improve over the course of the year with natural seasonality and optimizations we're making in our network mix and pricing. So what was the second question? Yes, in terms of Star Wars: Hunters release, it really is just a matter of making sure that the game is delivered at the highest possible quality, and we have not changed anything around platforms.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Marok with Raymond James.
Andrew Marok: Two for me, please. Given the Criminal enterprises in the last few GTA Online expansions have been received pretty well, how should we be thinking about the GTA Online content pipeline or philosophy as development on the next premium GTA ramps and resources are reallocated? And then second, could softness in the ad market create opportunities for lower-cost marketing or changed marketing strategies ahead of some of your frontline releases?
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you. The Rockstar Games has been supplying ongoing content updates for Grand Theft Auto Online since its release in 2013. The most recent one was well received and they continue to put out terrific content. Any announcements about upcoming properties do come from the labels. So we don't tend to talk about them here. And a great question about advertising cost. I think it's a fair one, which is if you're seeing softness in the market, does that mean you can market your titles more cheaply going forward? And the answer is we might see some minor adjustment in the cost profile. But at the end of the day, we spend a lot to support our console -- big console launches. And I don't think that softness in the ad market would probably have a material impact on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson.
Clay Griffin : Notwithstanding the impact of the higher ASP on the Championship Edition of 2K, I'm just wondering if you're seeing any material change in mix as we head into this kind of preorder window? I guess in light of some of the softness in free-play mobile. I guess the question back, do you have any flexibility to maybe go a bit more aggressively with bundled virtual currency in the preorder window?
Karl Slatoff : Yes. I think -- I don't know that there's anything specifically in the market that would change our philosophy on how we package our product. I think we always are trying new models and new pricing practices to try to optimize the situation. But I don't really see a market-driven specific opportunity arising. But you'll see us experimenting all the time.
Clay Griffin : And no real change in mix versus last year, normalizing for this championship position?
Karl Slatoff : There'll be some mix -- changes in mix, but we haven't really talked about it at this point.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Strauss Zelnick for closing comments.
Strauss Zelnick: We'd just like to thank you all for joining us. We're really proud of how the company is performing. Our combination with Zynga is off to a terrific start culturally, financially, strategically and creatively. And I want to reiterate my appreciation to our colleagues all around the world. We'll be talking to all of them tomorrow in our various town hall meetings. These results are thanks to their hard, dedicated and creative work. Thank you all.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-05-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. You may begin. 
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 ended March 31, 2022. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.  
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.  
 Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.  
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance.  
 Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today.  
 Our strong fourth quarter results concluded another highly successful year for our company. We delivered net bookings of $3.4 billion, which reflect our creative team's unwavering commitment to quality and the ability to deliver captivating and engaging entertainment experiences that transcend geographies and generations. 
 On behalf of our management team, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues around the world for helping us to achieve these results, especially as we continue to navigate through the new normal following the pandemic.
 During the year, we positioned our organization strategically for long-term growth. To that end, we bolstered our creative teams by adding nearly 1,000 new developers, including through the acquisition of several talented studios which will help us expand our capabilities and support our growing pipeline of offerings. We broadened our portfolio further with the introduction of new intellectual properties and business models to drive player engagement. 
 We agreed upon our pending combination with Zynga, which will grow our audience significantly and increase exponentially our net bookings for mobile, the fastest-growing segment in interactive entertainment, while also providing us with substantial cost synergies and revenue opportunities. As we build our scale, we believe that we can grow our margins meaningfully.  
 Lastly, we advanced our ESG efforts, and I'm pleased that we recently published our first dedicated report, which includes information on our initiatives to date as well as our road map for the future.  
 During the quarter, our newly released WWE 2K22 and Tiny Tina's Wonderlands outperformed our expectations, as did Red Dead Redemption 2. NBA 2K22 continued to grow its audience, with the title selling in over 10 million units to date and exceeding sell-in from the prior year. 
 During the fourth quarter, engagement remained very strong with average active days of playing up 6% on average games per user, up 13% year-over-year. In addition, NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition continues to hold the #1 position on Apple Arcade's top game chart. And for the full year, downloads of NBA 2K Mobile increased nearly 25% as compared with fiscal 2021. We see a significant opportunity to add unique and innovative experiences throughout the game and focus on expanding our player base.  
 On March 11, 2K and Visual Concepts returned triumphantly to the Squared Circle with the eagerly anticipated release of WWE 2K22, which achieved the highest Metacritic scores on both Xbox and PlayStation platforms in franchise history. Setting new benchmarks for quality, the title offers more features and enhancements than any prior release in the series, including a redesigned gameplay engine, new controls, foundational improvements, upgraded visuals and an array of options requested by our passionate player base.  
 Notably, WWE 2K22 sell-in for its first 4 weeks exceeded the levels achieved for both WWE 2K19 and WWE 2K20, even with the revised release window that was not during the holiday season. Consumer engagement with the title has been outstanding with over 140 million in-game matches played to date and over 5.6 million hours of WWE 2K22 content viewed on Twitch.
 I'd like to thank 2K and the WWE team of Visual Concepts for their commitment to reestablishing this incredible franchise. We greatly appreciate WWE's immense support in launching this year's game and look forward to continuing and building upon our successful partnership in the years to come.  
 On March 25, 2K and Gearbox Software released Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, an all-new fantasy-fueled offering that has taken our partnership with Gearbox to new creative heights and is viewed as the best new franchise launch from 2K in several years. The title has resonated with core fans and new audiences alike with nearly 30% of players having never before played a Borderland's title. 
 To date, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands has exceeded our expectations and is being supported with cross-play functionality, an array of post-launch content and a season pass. I'd like to congratulate 2K and Gearbox on delivering another stellar game, and we look forward to the possibilities for this new franchise in the years to come.  
 During the fourth quarter, Rockstar Games expanded the reach of their iconic entertainment experience, Grand Theft Auto V, with the release of new versions of the game upgraded specifically for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S. This marked the third console generation for which the game has been made available since its initial launch in 2013. And to date, the title has sold in more than 165 million units.  
 Also for the first time ever, Grand Theft Auto Online was made available as a stand-alone title for the latest generation consoles. Featuring an array of graphical and technical enhancements, a new career builder, new vehicles and more, these versions were well received by the game's vast community of players. 
 In the period, Grand Theft Auto Online maintained its massive audience size from the prior year, while growing 8% and 74% as compared to the fourth quarters of fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. In addition, Rockstar Games launched GTA+, an all-new membership program that's exclusive to Grand Theft Auto Online players on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S consoles whereby participants can receive a range of valuable player-friendly benefits, including a monthly deposit of GTA dollars and other bonuses designed to help players experience everything Grand Theft Auto Online has to offer, including access to major content packs like last holiday's, The Contract. Initial conversion has been above our expectations, which we believe bodes well for this to be an ongoing engagement driver over time.  
 Red Dead Redemption 2 continued to expand its audience and to date has sold in more than 44 million units worldwide. Results for the series were notably above our expectations for the period, which is further proof of the ongoing popularity of Rockstar's blockbuster entertainment experiences.
 Turning to Private Division. The label's recently acquired studio, Roll7, successfully launched OlliOlli World in February, which received significant critical praise for its unique art style and impressive gameplay mechanics. We'll support the title with its first expansion, Void Riders, in the first half of this fiscal year.  
 Championing the best independent talent in our industry, Private Division recently signed 4 new publishing agreements with leading independent developers, Die Gute Fabrik, Evening Star, Piccolo Studio and Yellow Brick Games. We look forward to working with these talented teams.  
 During the fourth quarter, recurrent consumer spending declined 6% over last year and accounted for 60% of net bookings. Over the past few months, the consumer has seen a wide array of long-awaited high-quality new releases in the market, including several of our own exciting titles that have not deployed significant live service offerings. We believe that this dynamic has impacted our overall recurrent consumer spending.  
 NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online were the largest contributors to our current consumer spending during the fourth quarter, and many of our free-to-play offerings were notable drivers as well. Top Eleven continued to perform very well following our acquisition and was our #1 mobile title during the fourth quarter. Two Dots delivered notable year-over-year growth and posted its best ever net bookings performance driven by new in-game events and successful marketing activations. Dragon City and Monster Legends delivered a solid finish to the year, supported by enhanced live operations.  
 WWE SuperCard has now been downloaded more than 26 million times and remains 2K's highest grossing mobile game. And NBA 2K Online in China outperformed our expectations. The title remains the #1 online PC sports game in the region with nearly 57 million registered users.  
 We're incredibly excited about our future path of growth, including our pending combination with Zynga. We believe that this will be a transformative moment for Take-Two as we continue to build upon our core tenants to become the most innovative, the most creative and the most efficient entertainment company in the world. Combined, we'll create a powerhouse of industry-leading titles that span key platforms and genres across interactive entertainment, developed by some of the most creative and forward-thinking talent within the industry.  
 Later this week, our respective shareholders who will vote on the transaction, which, assuming such approvals are obtained, we anticipate will close on May 23, 2022. On a stand-alone basis, for fiscal 2023, we expect to achieve a new record of $3.75 billion to $3.85 billion in net bookings as we plan to deliver many new exciting releases during the year. 
 Looking ahead and excluding the impact of our combination with Zynga, we expect fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025 to set even higher records of net bookings for our company alongside a significant ramp-up in profitability.  Lainie will provide additional details on our outlook shortly, while Karl will share an update on our exciting diverse multiyear pipeline, including approximately 69 titles that we plan to release through fiscal 2025.
 In closing, we're highly optimistic about our future. As we continue to expand our enterprise and execute on our growth strategies, we believe that Take-Two remains incredibly well positioned to increase its scale and prominence within the industry, expand margins and deliver long-term value for our shareholders.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams around the world for delivering another outstanding year for our company. Strong results were driven by our colleagues' passion, creativity and commitment to deliver value for all of our stakeholders. 
 I'll now discuss our recent first quarter releases. On April 21, 2K and Gearbox Software released Coiled Captors, the first of 4 exciting downloadable content packs in the Tiny Tina's Wonderlands season pass. Featuring a new environment, boss encounter and legendary loots, the offering represents an innovative post-launch experience from this exciting new franchise.
 On April 26, 2K and Visual Concepts launched the Banzai Pack, featuring 5 playable superstars plus MyFACTION EVO cards for each. This is the first of 5 downloadable plan content offerings for WWE 2K22, all of which will be available individually and as part of the game's season pass throughout the year.
 Looking ahead, fiscal 2023 will be another exciting year for Take-Two as we deliver captivating new entertainment experiences for our players while also growing our business through our pending combination with Zynga.
 I'll now provide details on Take-Two's fiscal 2023 pipeline on a stand-alone basis, which includes 18 planned releases. We expect to deliver 6 immersive core offerings, all of which will be available for purchase. These include The Quarry, an all-new or narrative game from 2K and Supermassive Games where every choice, big or small, shapes her story and determines who lives to tell the tale. 
 Featuring an iconic ensemble cast of Hollywood stars, including David Arquette, Ariel Winter, Justice Smith, Brenda Song, Lance Henriksen, Lin Shaye and more. The Quarry will launch on June 10 for PlayStation and Xbox consoles and Windows PC via Steam.  
 Marvel's Midnight Suns is planned for release during the second half of calendar 2022 and is one of this year's most anticipated games. The title is being developed by Firaxis Games, the acclaimed studio that brought audience such iconic franchises as Sid Meier's Civilization and XCOM and features the Marvel Universe's most revered heroes and entirely new gameplay experience. 2K will have more to share in the coming months.  
 Kerbal Space Program 2, which is coming from Private Division and Intercept Games, is now expected to launch on PC in early calendar 2023, and on console later in calendar 2023. Anticipation for the title is high, with more than 12 million views of the announcement trailer. The dedicated Kerbal community can look forward to more information about the game and its new features from the title's ongoing gameplay reveal video series.  
 Turning to our annual sports offerings. Fans can expect all new releases from our popular sports series, including NBA 2K23, WWE 2K23 and PGA TOUR 2K23, which will debut legendary Gulf icon Tiger Woods as the game's Executive Director. 2K will have more to share about these titles shortly.  
 Continuing with our fiscal 2023 pipeline, we plan to release 8 mobile titles, including 4 from new franchises and 4 from existing franchises and 3 mid-core RK titles for purchase, which include one new sports title from 2K, a new franchise from Private Division and a new tales from the Borderlands game, which will feature new characters and stories set in the Borderlands universe. And lastly, we'll have one new iteration of a previous released title available for purchase.  
 Our labels will continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of their hit franchises including NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Redemption Online, WWE 2K, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, OlliOlli World and more. 
 Excluding our pending combination with Zynga, we expect to deliver 51 titles throughout fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025, which we believe will pave the way for us to achieve a strong acceleration in net bookings and growth and profitability. This includes 18 immersive core releases, 7 of which are sports simulation games. 16 of these will be available for purchase while 2 will be free-to-play. 10 independent titles, which will all be avail for purchase; 12 free-to-play mobile games; 4 mid-core games for purchase, 2 of which will be sports-oriented; and 7 new iterations of previously released titles, which will all be available for purchase.  
 Bears noting that these titles are a snapshot of our current development pipeline. It is likely that some of these titles will not be developed through completion that launch timing may change and that we will also be adding new titles to our slate. In addition to our full game releases, we will continue to offer post loss content for many of our releases, ranging from virtual currency sales to DLC packs and Season Passes.  
 Turning to eSports. The NBA 2K League kicked off its fifth season on March 23 and included new sponsors such as Google and Coinbase. This year, the league has partnered with the City of Indianapolis to bring all tournaments as well as playoffs and finals to its new home at The Pavilion at Pan Am. 
 The League's overall price pool has increased to $2.5 million this season, the largest since its inception. We remain very excited about the continued success and growth of the NBA 2K League, which has a long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company.  
 In closing, as we execute on our organic growth initiatives and unlock new opportunities presented by our pending transaction with Zynga, we believe that we can broaden our portfolio and capitalize further on new platforms, business models, emerging markets and distribution channels. As we deliver on these growth opportunities, we believe that Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to deliver long-term value for our shareholders.   
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2022 results and then review our financial outlook for the full year and first quarter of fiscal 2023. Please note that our initial outlook does not include Zynga in our projected results or the interest expense on the notes that Take-Two issued in April to fund the cash portion of our pending acquisition of Zynga. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. 
 I'm extremely pleased with the accomplishments that Take-Two delivered during the fourth quarter and fiscal year. We posted strong financial results, took exciting steps to position the company for long-term growth and announced our transformational pending combination with Zynga, which brings massive potential to our portfolio and financial profile. I'd like to thank our teams for their passion commitment and for continuing to help Take-Two deliver its strategic vision. 
 Starting with our fourth quarter. Total net bookings grew 8% to $846 million. Our newly released WWE 2K22 and Tiny Tina's Wonderlands outperformed our expectations, as did Red Dead Redemption 2. During the period, digitally-delivered net bookings grew 4% and accounted for 91% of the total. This exceeded our outlook of a slight increase due to the outperformance of digitally-delivered full game sales. 75% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up slightly from last year. 
 As Strauss mentioned, over the last few months, there's been a wide array of long-awaited, high-quality new releases in the market, including several of our own exciting titles that have not deployed significant live service offering. Accordingly, our recurrent consumer spending declined 6% and accounted for 60% of total net bookings. 
 GAAP net revenue grew 11% to $930 million, while cost of goods sold increased 43% to $399 million, driven by amortization of software development costs for our fourth quarter release. Operating expenses increased by 32% to $403 million, driven by the addition of Nordeus, including its earn-out as well as higher marketing and transaction costs. And GAAP net income was $111 million or $0.95 per share compared to $290 million or $1.88 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021.
 Turning to our fiscal 2022 results. Total net bookings were $3.41 billion as compared to $3.55 billion in the prior year. As we expected, throughout the year, our engagement trends are notably higher than they were pre-pandemic. However, as the world began settling into a new normal, there was a moderation of the trends that benefited our industry during the height of the pandemic. 
 As a result, digitally-delivered net bookings declined 2%, slightly outperforming our guidance of a 3% decline and accounted for 91% of the total. 68% of our console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 64% last year, and recurrent consumer spending declined 6%. Non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow was $425 million as compared to our outlook of over $400 million. 
 During fiscal 2022, we spent $159 million in capital expenditures. At fiscal year-end, our cash and short-term investments balance was approximately $2.6 billion. GAAP net revenue grew 4% to $3.5 billion, while cost of goods sold was flat at $1.5 billion. Operating expenses increased 24% to $1.5 billion driven primarily by the additions of Playdots and Nordeus, including the revaluation of its earn-out, higher personnel, stock compensation, marketing and IT expenses and higher transaction costs. And GAAP net income was $418 million or $3.58 per share as compared to $589 million or $5.09 per share in the prior year. 
 Today, we provided our initial fiscal 2023 outlook for Take-Two on a stand-alone basis. We project net bookings to range from $3.75 billion to $3.85 billion, which is a new record level for the company and implies strong growth of 11% at the midpoint. We have an exciting pipeline of releases that we expect to bring to market during the year, including 6 immersive core titles, which is twice as many as we delivered in fiscal 2022. 
 The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, Marvel's Midnight Sun and PGA TOUR 2K23. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% 2K, 30% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division and T2 mobile games. And we forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. 
 We expect recurrent consumer sending to be flat compared to fiscal 2022 and represents 58% of net bookings, which is down from 64% last year due to a greater number of new releases. We project digitally-delivered net bookings to grow 10% and represent 91% of net bookings, which is in line with last year. Our forecast assumes that 71% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 68% last year. 
 We expect to generate more than $350 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $120 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $3.67 billion to $3.77 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.66 billion to $1.7 billion. 
 Our total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.74 billion to $1.76 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 17% increase over the prior year. As Karl mentioned, we have approximately 69 titles that we plan to deliver over the next 3 years, and we will be investing behind our pipeline in key areas such as marketing, personnel and IT. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $223 million to $252 million or $1.90 to $2.15 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% throughout fiscal 2023. 
 Now moving on to our guidance for the fiscal first quarter. We project net bookings to range from $700 million to $750 million as compared to $711 million in the first quarter last year. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K22, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, The Quarry and WWE 2K22. We expect digitally-delivered net bookings to increase 2%. 
 Our forecast assumes that 78% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 73% in the same period last year. We project recurrent consumer spending to decline by 10% as we believe that the momentum behind our own exciting titles that have not deployed significant live service offerings will continue into the first quarter. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $810 million to $860 million and cost of goods sold to range from $307 million to $333 million. 
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $387 million to $397 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 25% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher personnel and marketing expenses as well as transaction costs. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $93 million to $105 million or $0.80 to $0.90 per share. 
 In closing, we have great confidence in our ability to drive accelerated growth into fiscal 2023 and beyond. And we believe that our pending combination with Zynga will take our business to an even greater level of scale and profitability. As we execute on our strategic initiatives, we believe that we can deliver sustainable, profitable growth for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another outstanding year. And to our shareholders, I'd like to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Just 2 quick ones. The first one, on RCS, you look like you're guiding that flat, it was down in fiscal '22. Is that more a product of quantity? Or is there something you're seeing in the underlying engagement stats that give you comfort that lapping some tough COVID comps here in the first half are doable? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. So the first year is definitely due to the comp against the year with COVID from last year. So we had a really strong Q1. And so comping against that quarter was very difficult. And then this quarter, we were seeing a lot of people playing the full game that we put out as well as some of our competitors. So that also affected RCS in the quarter. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. And then in the guide then, just trying to understand why the guide was flat and for the -- it just seems like it's still fairly tough. So is it comfort coming back of more CS for '23 or something else? 
Lainie Goldstein: So in Q1, we're expecting to be down by about 10%, and that's the ongoing of what we're seeing in Q4, which is the players playing the full games of our games and some of our competitors. So that's continuing. We've seen that in Q1, and we expect to see that. For the full year, we expect to see it flat for the full year. So some of our new games that are coming out don't have any recurrent consumer spending associated with that. We expect NBA to be up for the year. And then GT Online and Red Dead Online, we expect to be down for the year. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. And then Strauss, you did a wonderful podcast earlier in the month, I think, with LionTree. In it, you discussed M&A and the importance of listening to offers. Just out of curiosity, with the changing valuations we've seen across the landscape and the market that we're in, what are your broader thoughts on M&A activity here at the current levels and volatility in the market? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, no one likes to see their stock price experience a drawdown, but we ultimately will always trade on our fundamentals, and that's how we look at the company. So we have a really strong company. We continue to perform and outperform expectations as we have in this quarter and this fiscal -- this past fiscal year. We've just issued initial guidance, which is a very positive look at our company and at the market. So we remain in a very optimistic place and I think similarly situated companies probably feel the same way. 
 When the overall market re-rates, there's nothing that we can do about it nor something that we would wish to do about it. We don't need to access the capital markets at this price level. We're under-leveraged under, no matter how you look at it. We have a small amount of investment grade debt coming with the closing of the Zynga transaction. And then we have a really powerful company that we expect to continue to fire on all cylinders. So momentary changes in the market are kind of irrelevant to us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two questions. Strauss, maybe you could start off. Do you think there's any type of shift going on in preferences among gamers to -- for more story mode type of play versus, let's call it, the live services type of play and people are just sort of craving that story mode a bit more lately? 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. Actually, I think that we never, as an industry, went away from the attractiveness of the story mill content. We've always said that we believe in that kind of content. We've always delivered on that as a company. It's the ultimate entertainment experience. And I think what you're seeing is you're just seeing some other games in the market capitalize on that.
 I think there are a number of them out there right now, so maybe it looks that way. But when you look at it over time, story-driven content has always been a significant amount -- a significant portion of the activity and also the economy behind the industry, and we expect that to be the case going forward. 
Eric Handler: Great. And just as a second question, comparing your guidance to what was in the S-4 from a few months back, I'm curious if there was -- when you look at the sort of puts and takes it looks like the bookings guide is a little lower than your internal budget. The EPS guide is a little better than internal budgets. Anything you could talk about maybe what's changed on the margin since then? 
Lainie Goldstein: The projections that we gave on the S-4 were not exactly our guidance because these numbers reflected our internal estimates as of a point in time, which was back in December 2021. So there's always some fluidity in our release slate, our marketing plans, the overall operating expense needs and those can change our projections over time. 
 Also like our net bookings guidance was affected by the Russia-Ukraine situation. So those numbers are not included in our projections, in our guidance right now. So that really affected it. So there's always shifts in our impact on our software development costs and marketing expenses, which also affected the bottom line. So those are some of the differences between guidance and the S-4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. 
Matthew Thornton: Hit on a little bit, but Lainie, I'm wondering if you can maybe quantify some of the discrete items that have kind of been going on in the last 3 months. And what I'm getting at there is Russia, as you alluded to as well as currency. How can we think about that headwind maybe versus where we were 3 months ago? 
 And then maybe more broadly, I don't know if this is for Strauss or Karl, any latest thoughts on just where you think we are in the "reopening"? Are we at a normal run rate? And similarly, just player behavior, obviously, there's a lot going on again on the macro front. I'm kind of curious your thoughts on what you're seeing in the player behavior more broadly? Any color there would be very helpful. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the first one, Russia and Ukraine is not a big material number for us, but it is something that did change between the S-4 and our guidance. Probably a bigger difference in the top line with more of some of the fluidity in our release schedule. In terms of the currency, it wasn't a huge change for us between those few months. We have a pretty big natural hedge. So there really isn't a big change between then and now for us.
 When we set our guidance, we set it based on the spot rate at the time. So any major changes from the time that we set our forecast, that could be a difference going forward. But as of right now, it's based on that spot rate. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of the post-COVID outlook, it does feel like we basically are at -- in a normalized situation right now. And actually, things have quite worked out basically as we thought they would. We expected that our audiences would stay with us and they have. And we also expected that we would see some level of pullback in terms of engagement amongst that audience, which we've seen some of that. 
 And I think you can see that reflected across the entire industry. But at this point, I would characterize it as we sort of normalized, we've stabilized, and I think we're back on the growth trajectory that we were all anticipating a year ago when we expect -- that we felt [ that occurred ] this way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: Great. I have 2 on GTA. So for GTA V products, you mentioned that conversion rate came in above your expectations. So is there a possibility of that subscription kind of being offered to the current gen players as well in the future? And then secondly, you mentioned that I believe the full year guide for GTA recurring consumer spending is going to be down this year. So how should we think about the cadence of update this year for GTA Online and going forward in terms of current gen versus next gen? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we haven't given have any news about broadening the subscription offering. We're thrilled about how it's been rolled out so far. We're thrilled with the conversion rate. And it's clear that consumers really like the opportunity to engage with GTA Online and they value the -- what we're offering through a subscription. And with regard to ongoing content updates, Rockstar has said there's more content coming, and we're excited about that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Baird. 
Colin Sebastian: All right. Maybe just a follow-up on the normalization of usage and engagement monetization trends. I guess we're looking at mounting concerns about a recession, maybe even stagflation. I think historically, the industry has performed pretty well in economic slowdowns, downturns. But curious, Strauss, I guess, how you're thinking about the macro environment? Are there scenarios where we could see an impact to the growth in investment strategy on the horizon? 
 And related to that, on the mobile side, I mean there are concerns that the softening we saw in the March quarter might continue through the year. So curious if that impacts at all your plans for Zynga integration and the synergies. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. Look, people would like to claim that entertainment is countercyclical or immune to cyclicality, that is not the case. The entertainment business will be affected by an overall economic slowdown. However, we can be seen as resistant to such a slowdown. So for example, if you go back to '08 and '09, the market actually grew in 2008 by 20%. It did decline in '09, but the 12% drop was less pronounced than many other business segments. And after September 11, the U.S. gaming market actually grew by 42% in '01 and 11% in '02. 
 So in the event of the consumer recession and I'm not going to opine on that because I'm not sure my opinion is very valuable. In such an event, I think we will be resistant but not immune, but we can withstand any such slowdown without a problem. And look, if you put out great entertainment, people will come out for it, and they'll come out in good times and in bad, sometimes they'll come out more in bad times. 
 By the way, I don't think there's any evidence that we're going to have stagflation. Stagflation referred to a time when there was both high unemployment and high inflation. And by high inflation, mortgage rates were over 16%. We're not in that ballpark. 
 We're not close to that ballpark, and we have very low unemployment rates in this country right now. So stagflation doesn't seem to me to be a meaningful risk. Some kind of moderate recession, I think, I suppose, is conceptually a risk, but it wouldn't have an impact on this business that we can perceive at the time. 
 In terms of mobile games, T2 Mobile Games did just fine. They're performing incredibly well and continue to perform well in the fourth quarter. So if that's any guide about how we're going to do, we feel just great about the pending combination with Zynga, and we think there's wonderful opportunities there. 
 And we think that some of the challenges, for example, the post-IDFA world actually create opportunities for a company that has the kind of consumer database that we collectively have with Zynga and the data analytics that we have to help us navigate that database. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Omar Dessouky with Bank of America. 
Omar Dessouky: There's been some debate in the market as to the size of the total addressable market for Grand Theft Auto VI, which was discussed in a blog post by Rockstar because it will launch into the Gen 9 console cycle, whereas the Grand Theft Auto V launched slightly before PlayStation 4 and Xbox One were launched. 
 So will such a graphically intensive game be as performance on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 or even the Nintendo Switch as it will be on Xbox X and PlayStation 5? And does streaming technology have the potential to make older generation console and mobile devices capable of a satisfactory performance for such a state-of-the-art game? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, in reverse order, there are no -- really aren't very many streaming platforms that are up and running right now. Stadia is still up and running. It's -- they don't have that many titles and they have relatively small audience. We've been very supportive of Stadia, but it's a tiny portion of our business, to be clear. And of course, there's Xbox, but these are not meaningful markets right now. .
 I'm not sure I understood the question. If you're asking like, will the launch of the next update in the Grand Theft Auto series, which has been discussed by Rockstar in a blog post as you pointed out, have a salutary effect on the launch of upcoming platforms. Was that your question? When you're talking about... 
Omar Dessouky: No, no, it's really the question of whether the installed base -- we should think about the installed base as the Xbox One -- sorry, Xbox One/PlayStation 4 plus Xbox X/PlayStation 5 or only Xbox X/PlayStation 5 in which case the TAM would be smaller. 
Strauss Zelnick: So Rockstar hasn't talked about any details at all about the next generation of Grand Theft Auto. So there'll be more information to come. But I have no doubt that when that moment comes, and there is another iteration that we'll be releasing to a very robust market. 
Omar Dessouky: Okay. Could I just ask you also a quick follow-up? In terms of your capitalized development expenses, do those typically accelerate as you head closer towards the launch of a big game like Grand Theft Auto VI? Or are they relatively flat over time? 
Lainie Goldstein: It depends on what games are being worked on and what the -- how big the teams are that are working on the game. So over time, the balance on the balance sheet will go up and down based on what titles are releasing and how the games are being developed. But it doesn't go in line with any one specific game. There's a lot of games being worked on. And as Karl mentioned, there is a large amount of titles that are in the pipeline, and most of those are capitalized other than our mobile titles. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. 
Benjamin Soff: So just now that the FIFA license is officially kind of up for grabs. I wanted to gauge your interest in building out a soccer franchise, either simulation or non-simulation? And if you've looked into it or thought about it, how do you see the different opportunities and challenges there? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we noticed, and we tend to be thoughtful about our business at all times. We're excited about building out our sports business, and we don't have much else to say at the moment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. 
Brian Fitzgerald: Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep, it was featured in the PS5, PlayStation Plus and it included a preorder from Wonderland. So just wondering if that Dragon's Keep engagement correspondent with preordering eventually drove conversions, if that was a unique dynamic, if you -- if that was helpful to how the -- that particular marketing program works. 
 And then Strauss, you highlighted cross-play functionality with Tiny Tina's. Is there anything notable to call out with respect to what you're seeing in the cross form -- platform plate there, either versus other prior games or other cohorts of players because you've mentioned a nice influx of those who had not previously played Borderlands games. 
Karl Slatoff: I'll take the second part of the question first in terms of the cross-play. The cross-play component of Tiny Tina's Wonderlands is terrific. And we're really excited about that. We think cross-play generally is great for the consumer to have people being able to play against each other, with each other, across console and PC. That's an ideal situation. 
 And we do think that, that ability has helped with Tiny Tina's. I don't have any specific data to share of how many of the new people was because of cross-play, that part I don't have to share. But I can tell you, obviously, it's a good component and is very well executed by Gearbox. And I just -- could I ask you just for -- I didn't really quite understand the first part of the question about Assault on Dragons. What was the specific question there? 
Brian Fitzgerald: So there was -- if I recall correctly, there was a -- it was highlighted -- Assault on Dragon was highlighted in PS5 and the PlayStation Plus, and it included a Wonderlands' preorder screen. So I'm just wondering if that engagement with Dragon Keep kind of built momentum and drove conversions in terms of people preordering or even engaging with that and then eventually buying Wonderland. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I would -- again, I don't have numbers -- specific numbers to share with you, but that was a significant marketing beat for us. Any time that we can reengage a consumer base into a franchise, particularly to launch a new franchise, it's going to have a very positive effect. And obviously, we were blessed to have Tiny Tina's because that's one of the most beloved characters in the Borderlands series. So to have access to that, they put out some content prior to the release of Wonderlands. Obviously, it had a positive impact on us and drove momentum prior. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Cost: I guess just on the hiring front, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that you added 1,000 developers to the developer base this year. What are you seeing in the way of competition for those developers and wage inflation? And if you are seeing any amount of wage inflation, is that impacting your outlook for hiring for the rest of the year?
 And then on the M&A front, obviously, you're still in the process of closing the Zynga deal, but it does seem like we're in a moment after many years of running the business with very little leverage and cash on the balance sheet, like there are opportunities out there to go after assets at depressed valuation. So I guess, are you on the hunt post Zynga or more focused on kind of the integration effort in the near term? 
Karl Slatoff: Sure. In terms of the wage inflation, I think like many other companies, we are feeling the impact of wage inflation and particularly since the labor market is pretty tight right now. That being said, we really do believe that we're very well positioned to attract and retain talent. We offer highly competitive compensation packages, benefit packages, many of which include profit sharing and equity. So when the company succeeds, our employees succeed, and that is very well appreciated. 
 And there's also the element of our culture where people come here because they like to work here. And they can -- and particularly on the creative side, where they have the freedom to pursue their passions in a way that also enables them to enrich themselves at the same time. So yes, I would say everybody in the entire market is feeling some impact of the tight labor market. But I think, generally speaking, we're pretty well positioned because we consider that a competitive strength of ours. 
Strauss Zelnick: And on the M&A side, our story has mostly been an organic growth story for a very long period of time. We've selectively acquired companies that have great intellectual property and great teams. And then, of course, we acquired Social Point, Playdots and Nordeus in order to enter the mobile business and most excitingly, we expect to close our combination with Zynga next week.
 But over the 15-year history that this management team has been here at Take-Two, the bulk of our growth, the bulk of our success has been organically driven. And I think that will continue going forward. 
 And we have a great opportunity because combined with Zynga, we have the best collection of owned intellectual property for PC and console and mobile in the business. And I think the most talented creative people, the most talented executives. Of course, I'm speaking from our perspective, but I believe that, and I think we have to deliver on that promise, and we will do so organically.
 I don't know what opportunities exist given what I hope will be a short-term re-rating of interactive entertainment stocks. Ultimately, all securities will trade up on their fundamentals. And the fundamentals in this business are quite strong, and I think will continue to be strong. That said, we have the ability in a highly disciplined way to do more inorganic growth transactions. And if they make sense to us, we will pursue them. But it's probably not the first order of business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. 
Matthew Thornton: A couple of quick follow-ups. Just coming back to the capital allocation question there, Strauss. I think a couple of quarters back, it might have been the fiscal third quarter, you actually bought back some stock for the first time in several years. I know you guys have typically done that pretty opportunistically.
 So my first question here is, given the pullback in the shares after you kind of closed the Zynga deal, would buybacks or opportunistic buybacks be something you'd entertain? Or are you trying to perhaps bring leverage down faster? Just kind of any thoughts there? 
 And then just secondly and relatedly, post close of Zynga, would you wait until the following quarter to issue pro forma guidance? Is that something you might entertain intra-quarter? Just any way for us to think about that would be helpful. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We've said that we believe in returning capital to the shareholders when it makes sense, economically, and we've done buybacks on an opportunistic basis. Generally speaking, when we perceive there to be a deep value opportunity in the marketplace, we perceived such deep value at $158 a share sitting here today, we were wrong about that. But it's still this management team's view that, that represents deep value of this company for what that's worth. 
 We are heading into a transaction we have put leverage on the company for the first time ever. And so I think again, buybacks won't be our first order of business, but we do retain the flexibility to pursue buybacks if we decide to do so. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike -- I'm sorry were you still... 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry. We still have Lainie to answer the second part of the question. 
Operator: oh, my apologies. 
Lainie Goldstein: No problem. So for the guidance at Zynga, we plan to provide consolidated guidance when we report our Q1 results in early August. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Strauss, Karl, Lainie, Nicole, nice quarters, guys. Congratulations. Two questions. The first, I'm not sure how much you can speak to this, but sort of, Lainie, maybe your philosophy on guidance as it relates to mobile, do you think there's much of a delta there in terms of what Zynga has provided to the Street historically? 
 And then more, I guess, the higher view, when you look at the mobile market through the first quarter here, how are you reflecting on growth of mobile? And is it meeting your expectations? And I have a follow-up. 
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of our guidance process in terms of mobile, we haven't closed the transaction yet. So we'll start to work with Zynga closely and get a chance to get under the numbers with them and make sure we have a consistent approach towards how we plan all of our business. So that's the plan right now. 
Michael Hickey: And then Strauss, did you have a view just on mobile market growth, if it's still tracking where you thought it would be or first quarter end has changed your view at all? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we don't track growth to [ a fixed ] quarter-to-quarter. But long term, we believe that there's a wonderful opportunity in interactive entertainment generally and that mobile will continue to be a rapidly growing segment of the marketplace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: One of the Zynga's key executives recently left to go to [ be CEO of another company ]. Just wondered if you could give any update on your plans for how the mobile business is going to be run assuming that transaction closes. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a little early to have that conversation because the transaction has not closed yet. Zynga has been operating successfully as an independent company for approximately 15 years, and they have highly experienced key personnel across all areas of their business under Frank Gibeau's leadership. Zynga has a deep bench of talent, including many executives who aren't exactly public-facing in their roles, but they are running the business on a day-to-day basis. 
 So we're highly confident that there are plenty of talented executives at the -- what will become the Zynga division of Take-Two, assuming everything goes according to plan. And we're very excited about the future together and we'll have much more to say about that company after the deal closes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. 
Martin Yang: This is more of a longer-term question for Strauss. Can you maybe share with us how would you characterize the impact of great individual creators? Is there any impact on the commercial outcome of the games? And has that really changed since you started working in the industry? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I think we have -- we've put more focus on creative talent here, Take-Two than perhaps any other company in the Interactive Entertainment business and our success has reflected that choice. It's an easy thing to say, it's a hard thing to do. We truly encourage the most creative people in the industry to come to our company and work on what they're passionate about. And we make decisions that are in service of that approach, that strategy and our goal to make great art as well as to make great hits.
 The work is done by teams, all the work here is done by teams, but the leadership is crucial. And we have great creative leadership across the board, and we're really, really proud of that great creative leadership and grateful to them for the results that they continue to deliver here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Marok with Raymond James. 
Andrew Marok: You mentioned that you saw some success in the stand-alone GTA Online version. I guess who are the players that are getting into GTA online at this point? How do they differ from the legacy GTA online players to the extent that you can provide quantitative guide around that as well? And then secondly, is there any update that you guys have to share maybe on your NFL partnership? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think on the GTA players, I think what's most interesting is that the market continues to grow, that we've sold in 165 million units of the title even though it was launched in 2013, the title has dominated now 3 console generations. And when we created a stand-alone version of Grand Theft Auto Online, lots of people showed up to play it. 
 So clearly, the market is huge and continues to grow. And I think Rockstar has done a great job in continuing to make the market accessible for people over a long period of time. But no, we don't have anything specifically to say about the particular people who've shown up even though we have a lot of good data. 
 And we don't have anything right now to say about the NFL partnership, although we're excited about it and looking forward to releases that will come in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. 
Clayton Griffin: Just a point of clarification there. I know it was late in the quarter, but the stand-alone price for GTA Online, is that -- I'm assuming that's getting booked at RCS or maybe there's some nuance there just to confirm that.
 And then just I'm curious if you could maybe put some thoughts around just the strategy around that. I think Strauss, you've called the combination of the full gain online of tethered and free-to-play just how successful that's been in the past, obviously. But any thoughts around -- should we assume that, that is kind of the MO, I guess, for future titles of this size or ilk? 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, I apologize. If you can, what was your question about pricing? 
Lainie Goldstein: Stand-alone. 
Clayton Griffin: Just curious if the stand-alone pricing for GTA Online, is that getting booked as recurring consumer spending? Or is that being booked as a full game, I guess, is the first question and the second question... 
Lainie Goldstein: So the stand-alone game itself is a full game. But if you're playing it online and buying virtual currency, that's RCS. 
Strauss Zelnick: And your second question? I'm sorry, I missed the second one as well. 
Clayton Griffin: Sure. No, just general thoughts on considering the relative success of tying GTA Online to GTA V, if we should expect that that's the kind of modus operandi for games of this stature, for your biggest IP going forward. 
Strauss Zelnick: We have said that we expect to offer opportunities to engage with our titles on an ongoing basis after release. We aim to provide such opportunities and to monetize them when it makes sense. But there are all different ways to do that. That could be downloadable add-on content or that could be an online multiplayer game. It really depends on the title and as the labels get ready to market and release titles, that will generally be made clear. So it varies title by title. There's not going to be just one singular approach going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So I know there's some commentary in the preamble about ramping up profitability in fiscal '24 and '25. Is that solely a function of scale? Or do you also anticipate slowing down the investment spend? And where will we see fluctuation in investment spending going forward? 
Lainie Goldstein: It's a combination of scale and also the investments other than direct marketing, we would expect those to slow down. The direct marketing will be in line with what titles come out. But the other expenses like headcount and IT expenses and rent, we would expect that to slow down. 
Strauss Zelnick: We want to thank you all for your questions today, for your attention, for joining us and for your support. We really appreciate it. Thanks, all. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-02-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Take-Two Q3 Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded.
 I will now turn the conference over to your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of IR and Corporate Communications. You may begin. 
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 ended December 31, 2021. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we delivered another strong quarter, highlighted by net bookings of $866 million, which exceeded our expectations and increased 6% over the prior year. Our outstanding holiday season results were driven by our new and existing titles as well as strong, ongoing engagement from our player communities that continue to immerse themselves in their favorite experiences and exciting new content updates.
 We continue to position our company to deliver on its long-term pipeline, build scale and gain market share. During the quarter, we grew our pool of creative talent with the addition of more than 300 developers. This includes our highly complementary acquisitions of elite3d and Roll7. Based in Valencia, Spain, elite3d is one of the world's leading creative studios that is dedicated to innovative 2D and 3D artwork for the interactive entertainment industry. elite3D will form a second office for 2K's 31st Union studio and serve as a new publishing location for 2K's Global Services Division.
 Roll7 is the BAFTA award-winning studio behind OlliOlli World, which is launching tomorrow. Going forward, the team will help support Private Division's mission to bring games to market from the industry's top creative studios as well as to broaden the label's portfolio of owned intellectual property and internal development capabilities.
 Our most significant recent development was our agreement to combine with Zynga, which we expect to close during the first quarter of our fiscal 2023. We're very excited by the prospect of this transformative combination, which will significantly diversify our business; establish us as a leader in mobile, the fastest-growing segment of the interactive entertainment industry; and greatly enhance our positioning as one of the world's top 3 pure-play publishers of interactive entertainment. 
 We believe there will be tremendous strategic and financial benefits for our company and we've already identified $100 million of annual cost synergies that we expect to achieve within the first 2 years post-closing and over $500 million of annual revenue opportunities that we can deliver over time. We look forward to welcoming the teams at Zynga into the Take-Two family in the coming months.
 Turning to our third quarter results. Our better-than-expected performance was driven primarily by Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy -- The Definitive Edition, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and NBA 2K22. NBA 2K22 continued to exceed our expectations. And according to the [ MPT Group ], it was the #1 selling title in the U.S. across all new releases in calendar 2021. In addition, the game achieved a new franchise record for experiencing the largest number of users in the shortest amount of time. This performance helped solidify NBA 2K's legacy as the top basketball simulation experience in our industry with over 8 million units sold-in to date worldwide.
 Players remain deeply engaged, and an average of 1.9 million users are playing the game every day, which is up 10% compared to NBA 2K21 in the same period last year. This helped drive better-than-expected recurrent consumer spending growth of 10% year-over-year even as we face challenging comparisons from the Gen 9 launch of the game last November. In addition, NBA 2K22 experienced an 8% increase in total in-game purchasers and a 30% increase in new-to-franchise spenders. 2K expanded the brand's addressable market further with the launch of NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition for Apple Arcade. The title continues to sit at the top of the Arcade's top game chart and has an average score of 4.7 out of 5 across more than 35,000 ratings.
 We continue to be pleased with the ongoing innovation that Visual Concepts brings to the series annually and look forward to seeing how they'll deliver new experiences to NBA 2K in the future.
 Sales of Grand Theft Auto V continue to be strong, and to date, the title has sold-in more than 160 million units worldwide. Since its launch in 2013, Grand Theft Auto V has remained within the top 5 best-selling titles for each calendar year across the Americas, including the U.S., and over 50 major territories across Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific.
 2021 marked another excellent year for Grand Theft Auto Online with the title matching 2020's record-setting monthly audience size. Grand Theft Auto Online's engagement was driven by an array of free content updates, including new events around Halloween, new vehicles and clothing options for the race creator, and the contract update featuring Grammy award-winning artist, legendary producer in this year's Super Bowl halftime show headliner, Dr. Dre, which were all released during the third quarter. In particular, the contract broke new ground for Grand Theft Auto Online from a design standpoint with its deep story elements and increased access for solo players while also advancing Rockstar Games' unique ability to innovate through incorporating elements of pop culture and music into their experiences.
 The update also features co-op story missions with Grand Theft Auto V Protagonist Franklin and sidekick Lamar's playable characters; a new social space, Record A Studios, where players were able to hang out with Dr. Dre and special guests; a new radio station hosted by global pop stars Rosalia and Arca, called Motomami Los Santos, named after Rosalia's forthcoming album; updates to 2 existing radio stations from L.A. DJ royalty, DJ Pooh and Big Boy; 6 exclusive new tracks by Dr. Dre, which officially released to streaming services this past Friday; and new purchasable properties, vehicles and more.
 In addition, Rockstar Games celebrated the 20th anniversary with the launch of Grand Theft Auto III with the release of Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy -- The Definitive Addition for current and prior-gen consoles and PC via the Rockstar Games Launcher with the title significantly exceeding our commercial expectations.
 Red Dead Redemption 2 also had an excellent quarter. The title's outperformance was primarily driven by strong holiday sales and to date, it has sold-in nearly 43 million units worldwide. In addition, Red Dead Online outperformed our expectations due to strong sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 and the continued influx of new players alongside a series of updates, including the fourth installment of the Quick Draw Club, All Hallows' Call to Arms, The Halloween Pass 2 and Holiday Call to Arms.
 2K and Gearbox Software expanded our popular Borderland series further with the release of Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition. Our teams also rereleased the 2013 fan favorite, Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep: A Wonderlands One-Shot Adventure on a stand-alone basis, which exceeded our expectations and is helping set the stage for next month's eagerly anticipated launch of Tiny Tina's Wonderlands. 
 During the third quarter, recurrent consumer spending rose 2% over last year, which was in line with our expectations of a slight increase and accounted for 57% of net bookings. Our ability to captivate and deeply engage audiences with our offerings remains a distinguishing characteristic of our enterprise. NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online were the largest contributors to recurrent consumer spending, and many of our free-to-play offerings were notable drivers as well.
 Nordeus delivered a strong quarter as its newly released Top Eleven 2022 achieved record-high seasonal net bookings, driven by new features, gameplay improvements and enhanced live operations. Two Dots (sic) [ Dots Two ] posted record net bookings results, attributable to additional in-game events, curated seasonal content and successful marketing activations. Dragon City and Monster Legends performance was driven by enhanced live operations, new event types and strong seasonal content. 
 2K launched Season 8 for WWE SuperCard, which has now been downloaded more than 25 million times and remains 2K's highest-grossing mobile game. NBA 2K Online in China outperformed our expectations. The title remains the #1 online PC sports game in the region with over 55 million registered users.
 Turning to our outlook. As a result of our third quarter outperformance, along with our updated forecast for the balance of the year, we are once again raising our guidance for fiscal year 2022 and we now expect to achieve net bookings of $3.37 billion to $3.42 billion. Lainie will provide more details shortly.
 Looking ahead, we remain highly optimistic about the future of the interactive entertainment industry and our multiyear growth trajectory. We have the strongest and most diverse pipeline in our company's history, comprised of new intellectual properties as well as sequels to many of our beloved franchises. We look forward to delivering many of these titles in the coming months and beyond.
 We're also confident that we can emerge as an even stronger player within our industry and deliver long-term value for our shareholders following the anticipated closing of our transaction with Zynga. With greater scale, extensive synergies and a more diversified portfolio of industry-leading titles, we believe that together, our 2 companies will far exceed our individual goals. We'd like to thank all of our stakeholders for their continued support.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to thank our teams for delivering another outstanding quarter driven by their continued commitment to excellence and dedication to our business.
 I'll start by discussing our announced offerings planned for the remainder of this fiscal year. Tomorrow, Private Division and our recently acquired Roll7 Studio will launch OlliOlli World on Nintendo Switch, Xbox and PlayStation consoles and Steam. This skateboard and action performer has been eagerly awaited by fans and received significant critical praise for its unique art style and tight gameplay mechanics. Reviews for OlliOlli World have been extremely positive with multiple sites recommending or calling the title an essential purchase, with the game currently scoring an 85 on OpenCritic and 84 on Metacritic. We're thrilled to add this popular series to our portfolio and to pursue exciting new projects with the talented team at Roll7.
 In early March, 2K and Visual Concepts will launch WWE 2K22, which we believe will set a new benchmark in quality for the series. The game offers more features and enhancements than any prior WWE 2K release, including a redesigned gameplay engine, new controls, foundational improvements, upgraded visuals and an array of features specifically requested by our passionate player base. WWE 2K22 will hit different, giving players complete control over the game's universe, including a new look and feel, accessible but challenging gameplay and significant replay value.
 Rey Mysterio, one of the most renowned and respected WWE icons of all time, will grace the cover of this year's game in true Lucha Libre fashion. We can't wait for players to step into the ring with WWE 2K22 and experience all the groundbreaking enhancements on which our teams have been tirelessly working.
 On March 15, Rockstar Games will launch Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series S and X, bringing the blockbuster entertainment experience to an unprecedented third-console generation. This new release features new graphics, modes -- features new graphic modes with up to 4K resolution, up to 60 frames per second, texture and draw distance upgrades, HDR options and rate tracing as well as faster loading times, immersive 3D audio, platform-specific features and much more. We are also excited for new players to join the thriving Grand Theft Auto Online community on the latest hardware when the stand-alone offering is released in March, with Grand Theft Auto Online free on PlayStation 5 for the first 3 months.
 PlayStation 4 and Xbox One players eager to continue their journey on the newest generation of hardware will be able to transfer both the Grand Theft Auto V Story Mode progress and their current Grand Theft Auto Online characters and progression to PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S with a one-time migration at launch.
 On March 25, 2K and Gearbox Software will launch an exciting delay tree from the Borderlands universe, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, the highly anticipated fantasy-fueled and all new take on the looter shooter genre. During the game awards in December, 2K debuted a story trailer introduced on stage by members of Tiny Tina's Wonderlands' all-star celebrity cast. On the heels of the star-studded event, player segment for Tiny Tina's Wonderlands is at an all-time high. We expect the segment to continue to build as we grant access to media and content creators for extended previews and reviews and reveal new gameplay details in the coming weeks. We are looking forward to wrapping up our fiscal year with this tent-pole release.
 Looking ahead to fiscal year 2023. Rockstar Games will launch Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy -- The Definitive Edition for iOS and Android devices in the first half of calendar 2022. 2K and Firaxis Games remain deeply immersed in the development of Marvel's Midnight Suns, one of our most exciting upcoming releases, which will launch this fall. The team is diligently working to add more story content, cinematics and overall polish to the game. Given the immense global popularity and cross-media presence of the Marvel Universe, coupled with Firaxis Games' proven success in creating deeply immersive games, we believe this title has the potential to appeal to a broad audience that will enjoy experiencing some of comics' most legendary heroes in all new way.
 Private Division and Intercept Games remain hard at work on Kerbal Space Program 2, the next iteration in our beloved space exploration simulation series. We'll have more to share about our fiscal 2023 pipeline in the coming months and during our fourth quarter call in May.
 Turning to eSports. The NBA 2K League is gearing up for its fifth season, which will provide a thrilling tournament-centric structure, including 3-on-3 gameplay, amateur teams versus NBA2K League teams and a significantly higher price pool. On February 26, fans can tune in to the league's Twitch and YouTube channels to watch its draft on live stream. 
 In keeping with its ongoing commitment to women in eSports, last month, the League held its third annual Women in Gaming Development Camp and brought together top amateur female NBA 2K players to compete alongside and learn from League players and coaches and to participate in off-court development sessions focused on amplifying the voices in women in gaming.
 In closing, we believe there is a vast potential for our company to continue captivating and engaging audiences around the world by delivering the very best entertainment experiences. The next few months represent an exciting time for Take-Two as we release many of our new titles and prepare for a transformative combination with Zynga, which brings with it a diverse portfolio of titles, impressive data science capabilities, industry-leading publishing and live operations, a massive customer database and their leading advertising platform, Chartboost. Together, we expect to benefit from substantial costs in publishing synergies while also unlocking significant new revenue streams and reaching new audiences around the world. As we capitalize on these and other opportunities, we believe we will deliver long-term value for our shareholders.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our third quarter results and then review our financial outlook for our fiscal year 2022 and fourth quarter. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release.
 As Strauss mentioned, our holiday results were outstanding driven by strong engagement across our key franchises. Net bookings were $866 million, which was above our guidance of $800 million to $850 million and up 6% as compared to last year. Our outperformance was primarily driven by Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy -- The Definitive Addition, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and NBA 2K22. 
 During the period, recurring consumer spending increased 2% compared to our outlook of a slight increase and accounted for 57% of total net bookings. Digitally delivered net bookings increased 12%, which was above our outlook of a 5% increase and accounted for 88% of the total. Our outperformance was primarily due to higher-than-expected digitally delivered full game sales. During the quarter, 63% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 56% last year.
 GAAP net revenue increased 5% to $903 million, and cost of goods sold increased 1% to $350 million. Operating expenses increased by 18% to $399 million, primarily driven by higher personnel and stock-based compensation expenses; the addition of Nordeus and the revaluation of its earn-out; partially offset by lower marketing expense. GAAP net income was $145 million or $1.24 per share as compared to $182 million or $1.57 per share in the third quarter last year. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.5 billion of cash and short-term investments.
 Turning to our guidance. I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. We are raising our net bookings outlook range to $3.37 billion to $3.42 billion. This is up from our prior outlook of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion due to our third quarter outperformance, along with our updated forecast for the fourth quarter. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be: NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Borderlands 3 and Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy -- The Definitive Edition. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 50% 2K, 40% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division and T2 Mobile Games. We forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international.
 We now expect recurrent consumer spending to decline by 5% compared to our prior outlook of a 6% decline and represents 65% of net bookings, which is in line with last year. We now project digitally delivered net bookings to decrease by approximately 3% compared to our prior outlook of a 4% decline. 90% of our net bookings are expected to be digital, slightly above 89% last year. Our forecast assumes that 69% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 64% last year.
 We expect to generate more than $400 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $170 million for capital expenditures. We are raising our GAAP net revenue outlook to $3.41 billion to $3.46 billion, and we now expect cost of goods sold to range from $1.52 billion to $1.54 billion.
 Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.48 billion to $1.49 billion, which at the midpoint represents a 23% increase over the prior year. This increase includes investments in marketing, personnel, IT and research and development that will help us deliver our expansive multiyear pipeline. It also reflects the addition of Nordeus and a full year of Playdots as well as an increase in stock compensation expense. Our operating expense expectations are slightly above our prior guidance, primarily driven by the transaction costs associated with our anticipated combination with Zynga.
 We expect GAAP net income to range from $361 million to $373 million or $3.10 to $3.20 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% for the remainder of fiscal 2022.
 Now moving to our guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter. We project net bookings to range from $808 million to $858 million compared to $785 million in the fourth quarter last year. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, which includes Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy -- The Definitive Edition and WWE 2K22. We project recurrent consumer spending to be down 3% compared to last year and digitally delivered net bookings to increase slightly.
 Our forecast assumes that 77% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 74% last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $835 million to $885 million and cost of goods sold to range from $380 million to $406 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $389 million to $399 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 30% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher marketing expenses to support our fourth quarter release slate, the addition of Nordeus, and transaction costs associated with our anticipated combination with Zynga. GAAP net income is expected to range from $53 million to $65 million or $0.46 to $0.56 per share.
 Looking ahead, we have many exciting projects underway across all of our labels, and we plan to make continued investments next year to prepare for some of our major launches. With our incredible portfolio of creative assets, our significant growth opportunities, including our robust pipeline and our strong balance sheet, we remain highly confident in our long-term growth trajectory and our ability to deliver shareholder value.
 Before I turn the call back over to Strauss, I'd like to reiterate that we are very excited about our anticipated combination with Zynga. We believe that the proposed transaction will not only bring together our highly complementary portfolios but will also significantly increase Take-Two's scale and provide many new growth opportunities. 
 As we disclosed in our January 10 announcement, we expect the combined business to deliver a 14% compound annual growth rate for the 3-year period from our fiscal 2021 through 2024, excluding any of the proposed transactions, revenue opportunities or any future acquisitions. 
 In terms of next steps, we expect to file our joint S-4, which includes the proxy statement and prospectus, with the SEC in late February or early March, and our stockholder voting will occur in the spring. We continue to expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2023.
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another outstanding quarter. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support.
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: Maybe first on NBA 2K. You guys mentioned that DAUs and bookings were up 10% year-on-year. So just wondering if you could dig a little bit deeper into whether this growth was due to macro-based factors or new modes within the game. Anything that you can point to that suggests that this growth is sustainable long term? 
Karl Slatoff: Mario, it's Karl. I'm not sure that there's any real macro issues that are going on that I would attribute to the game. I'm sure -- obviously, the NBA is having -- is incredibly successful and is having growth. So that always helps. And we're thrilled with that partnership.
 The game's just great. I mean the game is really out of the gate performed fantastically well. I think people are reacting, first and foremost, to the quality of the game and also to the expansive amount of content in the game. And we're just really focused on driving engagement.
 And I think every year, the team at Visual Concepts and 2K continues to add more and more content, more modes and actually enable those modes to work more seamlessly together with innovations such as the city, neighborhood, et cetera. So really for us, it's about the quality of the game and driving engagement through offering more and more and better content. And that's really what we see driving growth.
 And we're not finished. I mean there's -- we're not nowhere near saturation point at this point. There's a lot of greenfield in front of us. And as long as we continue to deliver on the quality of the content, then we expect the growth to continue for the foreseeable future. 
X. Lu: Got it. And then maybe one on GTA. So yes, playing devil's advocate here a little bit. So one of the main drivers of outperformance this quarter, you guys mentioned, was The Trilogy. But I believe there were a number of bugs launched that affected gameplay. So one, has this issue been fixed? And then two, more importantly, has there been any changes made to the QA process to ensure that this does not happen to future launches such as GTA Enhanced next month and the next entry in the series thereafter? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the question. Yes, we are totally focused on quality here. And we always want to deliver the best possible experience. Very occasionally, we fall short. And I think The Trilogy was an example of that. And the title was launched with some issues. We've addressed many of them. There are more fixes to come. And going forward, we remain highly focused on quality, and we are exceedingly confident in all of our upcoming releases. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Cost: So I guess on the 14% CAGR guidance, I think it implies something like $9 billion of revenue for the combined entity in fiscal '24. I guess that seems to imply a pretty significant amount of top line growth kind of for the core Take-Two business, excluding Zynga. So I guess what would you call out as kind of the biggest, most important drivers over the next 2 years to get to that higher revenue base? And which are the most important ones to get there?
 And then I just guess, secondarily on Zynga. You've talked about the opportunity to drive revenue synergies by maybe using the tools at Zynga to bring some of your tent-pole IPs on to mobile in a bigger way than they have been in the past. How long do you think that would take? What does it look like? How much investment would it take to get there? 
Lainie Goldstein: Matthew, I'll start with the 14% CAGR. And when we're talking about Take-Two's pipeline of titles, we haven't given any detail deeper than that, but we have been talking about the growth of our pipeline over the last couple of years and the 20 titles per year that we've been growing over time. And that's really what's in those numbers. And we talked about more immersive core titles and how we were supporting the pipeline of title, and that's really where that growth is coming from. 
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to bringing Take-Two's core intellectual property to mobile with Zynga's help, look, we think that's one of many great opportunities. We've already said that we expect to achieve $100 million in cost synergies annually over the next couple of years. Additionally, we've identified at least $500 million of annual run rate revenue synergies, many of which are unrelated to new game launches, many of which are unrelated to bringing Take-Two IP to mobile.
 However, that is an opportunity. And while we haven't identified any heroics within there, we do think it's an interesting opportunity on a selective basis in the coming years. The actual investment is not significant compared to our core investment in console and PC IP. 
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Sebastian with Baird. 
Colin Sebastian: I guess, first off, I'm just wondering for -- if you have any industry-level observations on the quarter that just passed. Several high-profile new releases in the industry underperformed expectations. Just wondering if you -- if there was a common denominator that you saw that might explain that or if they were really just title-specific.
 And then secondly, on the mobile business, and I know we're looking past the close of the acquisition, but just curious to learn a little bit more about the road map for converting a bunch of your really strong console and PC franchises to mobile, how quickly you think that can develop? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. Look, this is -- it's really hard to make hits in any entertainment industry. It's really hard to make hit video games. And now and then, we fall short; and now and then, our competitors fall short. We don't believe there's any trend in the industry. We just think that, over time, as entertainment industries mature, consumers' expectations always increase, and they should. So it's always our goal to do better with each iteration of a franchise or with each launch of a new intellectual property.
 And one of the things we're really proud of in our track record is with regard to our franchises, and we have 11 franchises, for example, that have sold over 5 million units with an individual release, each iteration has always sold more than the prior iteration, which is not always true for the industry and lately has really not been true for the industry, but it is true for us. But it will only remain true for us if we continue to focus on quality mightily. And that's job #1 around here.
 In terms of bringing Take-Two's core intellectual properties to mobile, that remains a very interesting opportunity. As I said earlier, we've identified around $500 million of annual run rate revenue synergies to be achieved in the coming years in the combination with Zynga in addition to $100 million of annual run rate cost synergies. And only a small portion of those synergies on the revenue side are attributable to new releases based on core Take-Two IP.
 So we have not identified any heroics. We know it will take some time. The financial investment in the context of our investing in the console and PC titles is not significant because obviously, the creation of a mobile title is not as heavy a lift. Equally, the hit ratios are not as strong in the mobile space. So I think we have a sober view of where we can go in the future. And we're really excited that we think Zynga's extraordinary developers and their extraordinary publishing abilities will enhance our ability to bring core intellectual property to the mobile market. 
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Creutz with Cowen & Co. 
Douglas Creutz: A couple of questions on RCS. First, if you could just confirm what the RCS growth rate would have been on an organic basis without Nordeus. And then secondly, just to remind, I know that Tiny Tina is shipping with a premium addition that includes access to the season pass. How will that impact your RCS bookings in the fiscal fourth quarter? 
Lainie Goldstein: RCS, I don't -- we didn't -- we don't break that out with Nordeus. So it's -- for the quarter, we had 2% up versus slight increase, but I don't have it broken out without Nordeus. But in total, for the year, we expect RCS to be slightly down by about 5%, and we originally expected it to be 15%. So RCS has been pretty strong for the year and beating our expectations for the year so far. So we're pretty happy with the performance for RCS for the year.
 And for Tiny Tina's, we're not breaking out the premium addition and how much that will impact RCS. So we're not giving that level of detail either. 
Douglas Creutz: Well, I'm not asking for details, just conceptually, if you sell a premium edition pass that $30 incremental buy-up, presumably, some of that does benefit your RCS revenue in the quarter, correct? 
Lainie Goldstein: Some of it will be added into the RCS. 
Operator: Our next question is from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. 
Martin Yang: I was under the impression that GTA V Enhanced is not available for purchase yet. Can you confirm that? And how do you think about the pricing strategy for the GTA Enhanced relative to GTA V Premium? Do you intend to use pricing to differentiate the different value proposition between the upcoming Enhanced Edition and the current edition? 
Karl Slatoff: So the GTA Enhanced, so the next-gen version of GTA V are not, in fact, available for purchase yet, but they will be. And in terms of pricing, we haven't discussed any pricing models around those new releases. 
Martin Yang: So conceptually, how would you market the Enhanced Edition versus the Premium Edition? So besides the graphic changes and content, is there any reasons you would give the upcoming potential buyers to purchase the Premium Edition also? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's an enhanced version for Gen 9 consoles, and there will be a lot of upgrades and plenty of reason to purchase it. And Rockstar, obviously, will be talking about that in the marketing materials. 
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Share with us where the company is in terms of returning to the office or studio and your confidence in your label's ability to hit the title count you presented in the slide deck? Do you see ongoing work-from-home as a risk to that? 
 And then separately, I think in past quarters, you guys have said that you expect fiscal '23 to see a re-acceleration in growth. Does that guidance still hold? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So look, return-to-office is sort of location by location question depending on the state of affairs in each location and what the local authorities are saying. And obviously, we comply with all local regulations. The expectation is that we're either back now or we will be back in the coming months. In any case, the company has proven that we can be very effective without regard to where people are working from. We've had great success in the context of remote work. And while I think all of us are anxious to get back to the office as soon as we possibly can, we're also mindful of the science and the circumstances.
 We haven't had a quality lapse. We haven't had a timing lapse. We haven't had a financial lapse, and we don't expect to. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of fiscal year '23, so it's a little early for us to start to give detailed guidance for next year, but we plan to share that on our year-end earnings call in May. But what I can tell you that on a stand-alone basis, we do continue to believe that we will achieve sequential net bookings growth in fiscal year 2023, driven by some of the exciting releases that our labels have been working on. And at the same time, we will make continued investments next year in marketing, talent, in IT and space expansion as we prepare for some of the major launches that our teams have underway, which we project will enable us to deliver record levels of operating performance in the next few years. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. 
Matthew Thornton: Obviously, it's been -- fiscal 2022 has been interesting year. And Strauss, I was just wondering if we can get maybe your latest thoughts on maybe where we are in terms of reopening. Obviously, we had data privacy changes that had some impact on the mobile sector. Just kind of your thoughts as to maybe where we are there.
 And then just hiring and retention has been challenging. And I don't think that's gaming-specific thing. I think that's broad-brush. But just curious to get your kind of latest take on some of those countervailing forces this year. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, in terms of reopening, as I just said, certain of our offices are fully open. Others will be opening in the coming months, depending on what happens in the marketplaces. We will listen to local authorities. We will pay attention to the science, and we're mostly sensitive to the health and well-being of our colleagues around the world. However, my belief is that we will largely be back in office within the next couple of months.
 But I think the broader point is that working remotely has not been an issue for the company in terms of quality or performance. So we'd all love to be back in the office. Our team today, who is on this call, we're all together in the office today, and we like it that way.
 In terms of data privacy, we have not had any issues coming out from the change in IDFA. And we have an extraordinary customer database. And in the combination with Zynga, we expect to have more than 1 billion customer records, which gives us some massive opportunity from a marketing point of view despite the change in IDFA. So we feel just fine about being able to market and, at the same time, to maintain customers' privacy, which is an important value of ours.
 With regard to hiring, we brought on 300 new developers in the quarter. We continue to grow and grow rapidly, and that's been a good news story because we think people really like working at this company. And with regard to retention, it's an even better story. I think we have one of the lowest attrition rates in the industry, if not the lowest. I know our attrition rate is about half that of the industry average. We earn the right to say that every single day. We're really proud of our culture. It's of paramount importance to us. 
Matthew Thornton: Strauss, just one point of clarification, I guess, on the reopening point. I was kind of curious, maybe from the player side, just where you think we are in terms of engagement trends. Are we kind of back to a "norm"? I'm just kind of curious your latest thoughts there. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think -- I don't think we're seeing enhanced demand because of the pandemic. I think we're seeing normalized demand at this point. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. 
Brian Fitzgerald: We wanted to ask about the platforms a little bit, maybe like Stadia. Google is reportedly diminishing the gaming focus there. And maybe they just never had enough critical mass in terms of subs. Is there just a limit in terms of, hey, market opportunity for that type of device or experience or yet another platform in the market? Maybe gamers are more excited about enhanced versions for the Gen 9 platforms versus cost.
 And then maybe a related topic, how do you view the recent market activity and the notion of exclusive titles or features of release Windows? Is cross-platforming really just diminishing the need -- actually, the ability to have exclusives? 
Strauss Zelnick: On the first point, look, there's always a marketing story du jour in this business, and we're usually very sober about them. And a couple of years ago, the marketing story du jour was how cloud gaming would completely transform the industry and multiply demand by 20x. And what we said on these calls was we'd love to subscribe to that view, but we didn't subscribe to that view, that we thought streaming and cloud distribution was super interesting but probably wouldn't change the market size materially. And that's exactly what we've seen. It's super interesting, and it's not changing the market size materially.
 So there's broad distribution for our products now for those who want them. And I don't think that anything will occur on the platform side that will significantly change the marketplace going forward. The marketplace will change by virtue of putting out hits or not putting out hits. And I think you alluded to that. So as between platform-driven growth or product-driven growth, I'm going with product-driven growth, which means those who are great will do great and those who are good will have problems.
 Hard for me to opine about exclusive titles. I think in the event that a platform company acquires a label and that label's intellectual property, one could imagine those titles becoming exclusive in certain circumstances. I think outside of that, it's less likely, although there may be short-term exclusivity deals still as there always have been. And I do think cross-platform play is the wave of the future, and you're going to see more and more because consumers will demand it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. 
Benjamin Soff: I'd like to ask a little bit about RCS. It was sort of in line with your expectations, whereas over the past few quarters, you posted more meaningful outperformance. So the question is, were there any surprises, either positive or negative, that impacted RCS this quarter? And I've got a follow-up after that. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for RCS this quarter, NBA 2K22 outperformed as well as Red Dead Online, and GTA Online was in line with our strong expectations. We had some mobile titles that were modestly -- came in below our expectations. So net-net, we were slightly above our expectations. But when we had forecasted for this quarter, we knew that Q2 we had been so much higher. So we put some strong expectations on the page. So that's why we didn't over-exceed as much as we did last quarter. 
Benjamin Soff: Got it. And then just how should we think about the trajectory of margins for the business over time? Specifically, what are the puts and takes that we should be mindful of as you guys bring to market a much larger number of games in the coming years? 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of our bottom line margins, our expectation is as we build scale for the business is for our bottom line margins to continue to expand. So this year and next year, we have some investments that we're doing in terms of our operating expenses to drive our top line in terms of our organic growth and our pipeline of titles, as we've been talking about. 
 And as that continues to build, our expectations are for our bottom line margins to continue to expand. And we've seen that on years where we've had some big hits, and we continue to expect to have those. And we expect to have some record years in the next couple of years. And with that, we would expect to see our bottom line margins expand. 
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: I wanted to talk a little bit about Red Dead Redemption 2. It looks like you sold on a quarter-over-quarter basis, an incremental 4 million units, your best quarter in a little bit of -- quite some time. I'm curious, was there anything special that led to that increase in unit sales? Or was this sort of seasonality around the holidays? 
 And secondly, I'm just curious what you're seeing from new cohort spending on Red Dead Online versus sort of existing cohort spending? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Red Dead Redemption 2, we had a lot of holiday promos during the Christmas season, and that really drove a lot of the units as well as we had a series of updates. So a lot of people were playing the game. So that really drove a lot of those units. And in terms of the new cohort spending, we don't have any real details on that. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Congrats on the quarter, guys. Just 2. I'm not sure if you have given us the [ engine ] on this, but the GTA Trilogy for mobile, is that free-to-play? Or is that a premium offering?
 And then second question, just looking at sort of Microsoft's acquisition of Activision, maybe Sony's acquisition of -- or excuse me, acquisition of Bungie, thinking about sort of the rise of subscription plans over time, thinking sort of 3 to 5 years, how you think that sort of changes the competitive landscape, maybe in particular for sort of the mid-lane budget gains if they can still be competitive outside of that subscription plan that's obviously going with a lot of content. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we haven't discussed pricing for Trilogy for mobile yet. And on the competitive landscape, hard to know really. I think there are probably puts and calls. I think assuming the Microsoft acquisition of Activision closes, that means there'll be really 2 very powerful leading pure-play interactive entertainment companies, and we'll be one of them. And I think that probably means there are some advantages in terms of attracting talent and being able to invest in really great experiences and to market them powerfully.
 At the same time, a platform enterprise having an even more robust product slate, there will be benefits. And again, perhaps there'll be some detriments. I think we're very focused on that which we can control, and we tend not to spend a lot of time worrying about things that are out of our control. What's within our control is making hits. And as long as we maintain our approach, which is try to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business, as long as we focus mightily on quality, we'd do well. And if we have a lapse, if we miss a step, if we divert our attention from that strategy, we don't do as well. So we have our work cut out for us, and we're focused on that work. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. 
Stephen Ju: So Strauss and Karl, I want to put you on a spot a little bit. It seems like there has been and continues to be a lot of potential for Private Division publishing opportunities for the company, but there doesn't seem to be a ton of studios out there that you may want to look to acquire maybe. So can you square that dynamic with us? Is it just that access to capital is easy and for the most part, these independent studios value their freedom and maybe want to remain that way? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, the good news is that Private Division's business model doesn't require us to own the studios we're in business with. In fact, to the contrary. Private Division was set up to offer fantastic publishing marketing services and financing to creators who want to stay independent of the larger enterprises. And Michael Worosz and the team have done a great job building a business that does just that.
 At the same time, we are able to own certain intellectual properties like Kerbal Space Program. And we've just announced that we've acquired Roll7, which makes OlliOlli World, which is being launched tomorrow incidentally and has great Metacritic scores on Switch, and we couldn't be more excited about it.
 So I think right now, Private Division is able really to offer opportunities for those who want to stay independent and opportunities for those who want to be part of the Private Division system. We obviously have plenty of capital to deploy when the opportunity presents itself to own intellectual property. And the sky is the limit. It's still early days for Private Division. We're really excited about what will come in the future. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Andrew Marok with Raymond James. 
Andrew Marok: With the performance of the contract so far and its greater emphasis on single player, I guess, how does that inform your road map for future GTA Online content releases? And does it necessarily say anything about the appetite for single-player experiences more broadly? 
Strauss Zelnick: There was a time when a couple of our competitors were taking a position that single player was dead. We never took that position. We know that there's a role for single player. I believe there will be a role going forward. Then there are certain games that are meant to be only multiplayer experiences.
 Rockstar is known for its storytelling. And yes, Rockstar's also known for these fantastic open-world experiences. They clearly do both really well. And the contract shows, as you just said, that consumers are really excited about Rockstar's storytelling ability. And at the same time, we had a great quarter with Grand Theft Auto Online. So there's a lot of excitement there. So the answer is sort of all of the above. 
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. 
David Karnovsky: Just to follow up on a GTA Trilogy question from earlier. I believe work for the game was largely outsourced. And I think you've noted for remaster support sometimes that that's from a resource standpoint. My question is, does the experience with Trilogy lead you to rethink this model at all? Or is this just an isolated case? 
Strauss Zelnick: We've had precious few quality lapses at this company. So any time that we've fallen short from a quality point of view, it has been an isolated case, and we aim to keep it that way. However, we're not changing our business model. 
Operator: Our next question is from Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson LLC. 
Clayton Griffin: Strauss, on the Zynga M&A call, you noted kind of one of the key strategic benefits of the deal that now you can address a market that was previously not available to you, i.e. outside of kind of the console market, the high end kind of AAA gaming. I suppose like, how do you view that taking shape? I mean, obviously, that market has access to mobile games now. It seems like implicit in that assumption is that you feel that there's demand for kind of what we might call the core Take-Two game experience. But just curious if you view kind of the experiences and the gains that you're thinking about when you think about that market opportunity, if there's any kind of delineation between what you do now, obviously, with AAAs and mobile. Is there a white space kind of in between those 2 things where you think that's where the real opportunity is? 
Karl Slatoff: Clay, it's Karl. I think, look, we've been big supporters and big fans of the mobile market for quite some time. I think that's exhibited in our acquisition strategy over the past few years and obviously with our announced acquisition of Zynga. So it's actually -- it's really exciting for us. And it's not just about the casual space or the mid-core space or the core space. We actually think the mobile market has got room for all the above as it relates to that. It's becoming more sophisticated. The technology is getting better. There's more cross-platform opportunities. There are more examples of the market for mid-core and core franchises having success.
 Obviously, Call of Duty is a perfect example of that, Fortnite as well. So we really do think that there's an opportunity for us to play along the entire spectrum of mobile opportunities, which is hyper-casual, which we've never really been involved with that much, to casual to mid-core to even core experiences.
 And look, down the line, I mean one of the benefits of cloud, should that ever come about, which we do hope that it is, is that it does take some of the stress off of the remote device and allows a lot of the intelligence to be done in the cloud. And that enables folks to us to tap into that market all the more easier. In other words, you don't have to buy a console or a high-end PC in order to play sophisticated games. So we really don't think there's any limitation at all in the mobile space for any of our content, whether it be all the way from hyper-casual to our most core assets. 
Clayton Griffin: Makes sense. And do you think that, that takes shape primarily by the way in the way of live services games? Or do you feel like that there's obvious opportunity in kind of the Red Dead Redemption type games as well? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I don't -- look, obviously, most of the mobile space right now is more in the live services business. So there's clearly an opportunity there. But I wouldn't say that single-player story content doesn't have a role in mobile either. Again, I wouldn't count out either one of those categories. 
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I will now turn the call over to Strauss Zelnick, Chairman and CEO, for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks so much for joining today. We are really grateful to all of our colleagues for delivering another stellar quarter and for the great outlook going forward. Thank you to our shareholders for your continued support, and have a great evening. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Take-Two Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Nicole Shevins. Thank you. Nicole, you may begin. 
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 ended September 30, 2021.
 Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance.
 Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today.
 I'm pleased to report that we delivered another outstanding quarter, highlighted by net bookings of $985 million, which greatly exceeded our expectations and increased 3% over last year. We experienced consistently strong engagement trends across our key franchises, underscoring the durability of our offerings and the deep relationships that we've established with new, existing and returning players. We believe that we can maintain these favorable engagement patterns as we continue to deliver the highest quality entertainment experiences that are driven by our team's passion and commitment to creativity and innovation.
 We've been taking key actions to execute on our long-term strategic vision. We continue to enhance and diversify our pipeline across an array of platforms, business models and genres. To support this, we're investing in our infrastructure and making key hires, ranging from senior talent at our labels, to the addition of more than 350 new developers during the second quarter. We're pleased with the progress of T2 Mobile Games, which is helping us leverage our team's expertise across our enterprise. Additionally, Nordeus has already reached key integration milestones. We continue to build upon our ESG efforts, and we hope to share more in the coming months.
 Given our strong confidence in our company, we opportunistically repurchased 1.26 million shares of our stock during the second quarter for approximately $200 million with an average share price of $158.67. This marks the first time in over 2 years that we repurchased our stock, underscoring the deep value that we observed in our share price. In November, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 7.4 million shares that the company is permitted to repurchase, resulting in 10 million shares remaining available for repurchase as of the date of the additional authorization.
 Turning to our second quarter results. Our better-than-expected performance was driven primarily by Borderlands 3, NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online.
 On September 10, 2K and Visual Concepts successfully launched NBA 2K22, with more players hitting the digital hard court in its first month than any prior release of the game. The title enjoyed outstanding initial success with over 5 million units sold-in to date. Players are deeply engaged and we're experiencing growth in daily active users and daily games played per user compared to NBA 2K21 in the same period.
 For the quarter, the NBA 2K series delivered exceptional results that were significantly above our expectations. NBA 2K22 experienced growth in recurrent consumer spending as well as a 4% increase in total in-game purchasers and a 58% increase in new user spending. I'd like to congratulate the teams at 2K and Visual Concepts for once again delivering such a stellar basketball experience. We see a meaningful opportunity to grow the franchise further over the next few years as we provide engaging and frequent content updates throughout the game.
 Sales of Grand Theft Auto V continue to exceed our expectations. And to date, the title has sold-in more than 155 million units worldwide.
 During the period, Rockstar Games launched another major update for Grand Theft Auto Online's evolving world. The Los Santos Tuners update brought a renewed focus to the underground street racing scene and introduced a host of innovative and highly requested features, including the LS Car Meet, a shared social space where players can get together to modify, test and race their cars, get tattoos and more. Los Santos Tuners also added 17 highly customizable vehicles, a purchasable auto workshop, new robbery contracts and street races and the ability to add music in a new way through collectible media sticks.
 Recurrent consumer spending increased 33% and active player audience increased 11%, representing the strongest second quarter on record for both metrics. The success of Los Santos Tuners demonstrates Rockstar's ability both to anticipate the needs of its players and to respond to player feedback with an ongoing stream of high quality and engaging content.
 During the quarter, Red Dead Redemption 2 also significantly outperformed our expectations and to date has sold-in more than 39 million units worldwide.
 Momentum continued in Red Dead Online with the introduction of the Blood Money update in July, which introduced a series of new criminal-themed opportunities; complex new missions, including the game's first train robbery; and The Quick Draw Club, a series of 4 distinct, rapid-fire passes featuring criminal-themed unlockable rewards, bonuses and more. As a result of the Blood Money update as well as the influx of new players attributable to the stand-alone version of Red Dead Online, we experienced a 26% increase in active players and a 29% increase in new online player acquisition. Recurrent consumer spending for the series was also notably above expectations.
 In August, Private Division expanded their portfolio with the physical release of Hades for PlayStation and Xbox platforms. The title continues to earn positive praise from the gaming community and is currently Metacritic's highest rated game for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X. In September, the label released Murder on Eridanos, the final expansion for The Outer Worlds for the Nintendo Switch. We're pleased that The Outer Worlds continues to grow its audience. And to date, the title has sold-in over 4 million units. Also in September, Private Division launched Kerbal Space Program Enhanced Edition for Gen 9 consoles, taking advantage of the latest performance and the visual enhancements to provide players an exciting new way to experience this beloved space flight simulation game.
 During the quarter, recurrent consumer spending rose 7%, which was significantly ahead of our expectations of an 11% decline and accounted for 69% of net bookings. As I mentioned earlier, our consumer engagement trends were consistently strong even as people resume more normal socialization patterns and as schools and workplaces began to reopen. We're very optimistic about our continued ability to keep players engaged and to capitalize further on our massive audience size.
 For the period, NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online were the largest contributors to recurrent consumer spending. Many of our free-to-play offerings were also notable drivers. Top Eleven exceeded our expectations driven by strong seasonal live ops and features, optimized marketing activities and enhanced user quality. Dragon City and Monster Legends performed well, thanks to strong live ops, new updates and feature releases and increased marketing investments. Two Dots achieved its highest ever net bookings since our acquisition, which we attribute to new in-game events such as scavenger hunts and curated seasonal content. WWE SuperCard has now been downloaded more than 24 million times and remains 2K's highest grossing mobile game.
 NBA 2K Online in China outperformed our expectations and remains the #1 online PC sports game in the region with nearly 55 million registered users. We continue to monitor the regulatory environment. It bears noting that China represents 3% of our net bookings in fiscal '21. While we remain optimistic about China and we'll pursue further opportunity there, we believe that our exposure to the region will remain limited in the context of our growing overall net bookings.
 Turning to our guidance. As a result of our second quarter outperformance, along with our updated forecast for the balance of the year, we're raising our outlook for fiscal year 2022, and we now expect to achieve net bookings of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. Lainie will provide more details shortly.
 With the strongest multiyear pipeline in our company's history, we continue to believe that we'll achieve sequential growth in net bookings in fiscal '23 and establish new records of operating results over the next few years.
 Our focus on bringing new intellectual properties to market will help us diversify our portfolio further and build lasting franchises that we believe will enhance our financial profile for years to come. At the same time, our teams are hard at work developing sequels to many of our beloved franchises that we know our consumers will be eager to play.
 As we execute on our strategic vision and maintain our commitment to an outstanding and collaborative culture, we believe that we will significantly grow our operations and drive long-term shareholder value.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss.
 I'd like to thank our teams for all their contributions as well as their continued passion and dedication to our business. Our unique and collaborative culture continues to be a key driver of our success.
 I'll now discuss our recent releases. On October 1, 2K and Hangar 13 launched the Mafia III: Definitive Edition for Stadia. Previously released on other platforms, the Definitive Edition offers many additional features and post-launch content that has since been incorporated into the game. We're pleased to continue our support for Stadia and expand the Mafia franchise to new audiences.
 On October 11, Nordeus released Top Eleven 2022 on iOS and Android, the latest installment of the world's most successful soccer management game. Top Eleven 2022 delivers a significant update to the gameplay and soccer management experience, pitting aspiring soccer managers against one another in league, cup and friendly matches. Top Eleven 2022 also provides a significant new layer of depth to player development via the Playstyles feature, which helps to enhance the soccer fantasy that Top Eleven has been providing to fans for more than a decade.
 On October 14, 2K and HB Studios launched the PGA TOUR 2K21 Baller Edition, which includes the base game, all previously released DLC courses and game modes, an assortment of adidas apparel and gear and the Golden Touch Pack that features a gold putter and driver. In addition, PGA TOUR 2K21 offers new multiplayer courses each month designed by a group of international content creators. We're thrilled that the community continues to grow with the title selling-in over 2.5 million units to date.
 On October 19, 2K launched NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition for Apple Arcade, building on the success of its predecessor, which continues to be listed as one of the platform's top games with an average of 4.6 out of 5 stars across more than 85,000 ratings. NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition expands the franchise's addressable market with new modes and features, including The Association, MyCOURT and more.
 Rockstar Games continue to provide an array of free content for their vast and growing online communities. To celebrate Halloween, Grand Theft Auto Online added a series of random events to shock and surprise players, including driverless phantom killer cars, superhuman slashers, UFOs and more, including bonuses on Alien Survival modes and a new Arcade game. Players will also be able to experience an all-new adventure in the Grand Theft Auto Online later this year as they help some well-known contacts and familiar faces with many more surprises yet to be revealed.
 I'll now discuss details on our upcoming announced offerings for this year. Rockstar Games will digitally launch Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy — The Definitive Edition this November 11 for PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, Xbox Series X and S, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and the Rockstar Games Launcher for PC. The Definitive Edition will feature across-the-board upgrades for all 3 games, including graphical improvements and modern controls, while still maintaining the classic and distinct aesthetic of the original games. Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy — The Definitive Edition will launch physically for consoles on December 7 and will release for iOS and Android devices in the first half of calendar 2022. As part of the celebration of the recent 20th anniversary, Grand Theft Auto III fans can also collect an array of special commemorative gear in Grand Theft Auto Online throughout a series of upcoming events this fall.
 On November 12, 2K and Gearbox Software will release limited quantities of Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition physically for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X. Avid Vault Hunters and newcomers alike are sure to enjoy this quintessential Borderlands 3 experience, featuring the award-winning base game, plus all 6 content add-ons and the full collection of bonus cosmetic packs. The Ultimate Edition is optimized to take full advantage of the Gen 9 hardware's processing power, enabling gameplay at up to 60 frames per second in 4K resolution during single player and online co-op.
 OlliOlli World, the skateboarding action-platformer developed by Roll7, launches this winter in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 on PlayStation 4 and 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and S, PC and Nintendo Switch.
 On March 25, 2K and Gearbox Software will launch an exciting new entry from the Borderlands universe, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands. In September, the team unveiled the game's brand-new mechanics and all-star celebrity cast, including Will Arnett, Ashly Burch, Andy Samberg and Wanda Sykes. Fans' reactions to the first look at the gameplay was extremely positive, reflecting the growing excitement for this fantasy-fueled take on the popular looter-shooter genre.
 In addition, 2K and Visual Concepts remain hard at work on WWE 2K22, which will be released in March. Our partners at WWE have done amazing things with their brand, resulting in a passionate and deeply engaged community. And they're providing tremendous support to maximize our campaign through all their platforms, including social media, digital, programming, talent, in-arena and more. Visual Concepts is gearing up for a major reveal of the game's key features in January, which we look forward to sharing with fans, followed by the biggest WWE 2K launch to date.
 Rockstar Games is thrilled to launch the expanded and enhanced versions of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online – Standalone for Gen 9 consoles in March. Players will enjoy a range of technical and graphical improvements across the entire experience, including performance enhancements for select vehicles in Grand Theft Auto Online and much more. Rockstar Games will have more details to share about these eagerly anticipated launches in the coming months.
 As we noted in our earnings release, Marvel's Midnight Suns from Firaxis Games is now expected to be released in the second half of calendar 2022 during our fiscal year 2023. While we don't take delays lightly, we know that our proven success has been rooted firmly in our player-first approach and unwavering commitment to delivering the highest quality entertainment experiences. We believe it is far better to provide the extra time needed for a product, especially a new IP, to reach its full potential and drive long-term success as a permanent franchise in our industry-leading portfolio. As gaming platforms continue to evolve, technological advancements allow us to design experiences that are more immersive and engaging than ever before. While this has enabled us to significantly grow our franchises over time, game development has become more complex, especially with many of our colleagues still working remotely.
 We continue to evaluate and optimize our game creation processes to enhance the ways that our teams collaborate, share best practices and leverage technology and expertise.
 Turning to eSports. The NBA 2K League concluded its fourth season, attracting more than 18 million unique viewers and over 2 million hours of games watched on Twitch. During the playoffs and finals, nearly 4 million unique viewers tuned in as Wizards District Gaming won their second consecutive championship. In addition, the League hosted their inaugural All-Star Game held at Brooklyn Steel in New York. As part of the League's continued global expansion, Mexico's DUX Gaming will launch a team this spring, marking the 24th team and the first to participate from Latin America. We are thrilled to see the League continue to grow both its audience and global presence.
 In closing, we have a strong foundation for success that has helped us curate a portfolio of highly engaging franchises that transcend console and player generations. As we continue to harness and enhance our competitive advantages, our incredible creative talent, best-in-class marketing and technology and strong balance sheet, we will introduce new entertainment experiences that we believe have vast commercial potential and the ability to drive long-term engagement and recurrent consumer spending. We also expect to continue to attract the very best creators who share in our vision to set new benchmarks and captivate audiences throughout the world.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone.
 Today, I'll discuss our second quarter results and then review our financial outlook for fiscal year 2022 and the third quarter. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release.
 As Strauss mentioned, our business fundamentals remain exceptionally strong across our key franchises. Net bookings were $985 million, which was significantly above our guidance of $815 million to $865 million and up 3% as compared to last year. Our outperformance was primarily driven by Borderlands 3, NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. During the period, overall engagement was outstanding, with recurrent consumer spending increasing 7% compared to our outlook of an 11% decline and accounting for 69% of total net bookings. Our outperformance was primarily driven by NBA 2K. Digitally delivered net bookings increased 9% compared to our outlook of a 5% decline and accounted for 89% of the total. This result was better than our outlook, primarily due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending. During the quarter, 65% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 57% last year.
 GAAP net revenue increased 2% to $858 million, while cost of goods sold increased 6% to $457 million. Cost of goods sold included a $53 million impairment charge related to our decision not to proceed with further development of an unannounced title in our pipeline.
 Operating expenses increased by 30% to $381 million. The variance is driven by higher personnel, marketing and IT expenses; the addition of Playdots and Nordeus and the revaluation of the Nordeus earnout.
 And GAAP net income was $10 million or $0.09 per share as compared to $99 million or $0.86 per share in the second quarter last year.
 We ended the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion of cash and short-term investments. We repurchased 1.26 million shares of our stock during the quarter for approximately $200 million with an average share price of $158.67.
 Turning to our guidance. I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectations. We are raising our net bookings outlook range to $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. This is up from our prior outlook of $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion due to our second quarter outperformance, along with our updated forecast for the balance of the year, which includes the move of Marvel's Midnight Suns into fiscal 2023.
 The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Borderlands 3. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 50% 2K, 40% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division and T2 Mobile Games. We forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international.
 We now expect recurrent consumer spending to decline by 6% compared to our prior outlook of a 9% decline versus fiscal 2021. As a percentage of net bookings, recurrent consumer spending is expected to represent 66% of total net bookings, slightly above 65% last year.
 We now project digitally delivered net bookings to decrease by approximately 4% compared to our prior outlook of a 6% decline. As a percentage of our business, digital is projected to represent 90%, slightly above 89% last year. Our forecast assumes that 73% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 64% last year.
 We expect to generate more than $400 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $170 million for capital expenditures.
 We're raising our GAAP net revenue outlook to $3.35 billion to $3.45 billion, while we now expect cost of goods sold to range from $1.51 billion to $1.55 billion.
 Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.47 billion to $1.49 billion, representing at the midpoint a 22% increase over the prior year. This increase reflects costs relating to marketing, personnel, stock compensation, IT and research and development to bring our expansive multiyear pipeline to market as well as incremental expenses due to the addition of Nordeus and a full year of Playdots. Our operating expense expectations have improved compared to our prior guidance driven by lower marketing expenses due to the movement in our release schedule.
 And we expect GAAP net income to range from $320 million to $350 million or $2.75 to $3 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% throughout fiscal 2022.
 And now moving to our guidance for the fiscal third quarter. We project net bookings to range from $800 million to $850 million compared to $814 million in the third quarter last year. The largest contributors in our bookings are reflected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy — The Definitive Edition. We project recurrent consumer spending to be up slightly compared to last year and digitally delivered net bookings to increase by approximately 5%. Our forecast assumes that 61% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 56% last year.
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $840 million to $890 million and cost of goods sold to range from $344 million to $370 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $378 million to $388 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 13% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher personnel, research and development and IT expenses as well as the inclusion of Nordeus. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $99 million to $111 million or $0.85 to $0.95 per share.
 In closing, our second quarter results demonstrate the health of our business and our continued ability to engage our players with exciting and innovative new content. As we continue to capitalize on organic and inorganic growth opportunities, we believe that we will greatly expand our scale and deliver long-term growth for our shareholders.
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another strong quarter. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support.
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: I have one on NBA 2K and then another high-level question. So the first one on NBA 2K, I believe you guys mentioned a 58% increase in new user spending. So just curious if you could provide any additional color or specific features that was introduced in this game this year that attributed to this large increase. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl, Mario. I wouldn't necessarily want to attribute any specific features to the increase. I don't want to tag it, but there have been certainly a lot of additions to the game that we believe have increased engagement. Specifically, just generally speaking, the game is fantastic. I mean, the reviews have been great. User feedback has been great. Engagement has been really, really strong.
 One thing to note is that we did add the seasons feature to MyPLAYER this year, which obviously creates a lot more content drops and a lot more for folks to do. Every time you increase content and deliver content, that obviously leads to increased engagement and tends to lead to increased monetization. So it's really a combination of the game just being better. We had a lot of wind in our backs, too, from an increased player base, generally speaking. And it's just been, it's the great execution and people are really enjoying the incremental content. 
X. Lu: Got it. And then Facebook or Meta recently announced a partnership with Rockstar for GTA: San Andreas on the Quest. Just curious what the background of this partnership was. And do you now think either VR or building a metaverse could be growth drivers for Take-Two as a company going forward? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're really excited about all of our partnerships. So we have numerous partnerships. We've always said that we want to be where the consumer is. And when VR first emerged as a potential technology, while I expressed some skepticism about it becoming a very broad-based consumer application, I also thought it was really exciting technically and said that we would participate. Rockstar has already brought L.A. Noire to VR. NBA 2K has come to VR. I'm sure we'll have more VR titles in the future as well.
 So we're always excited when our creative teams can flex their collective muscles and do different things and remains to be seen just how big that can be. We never make projections like that, but we're very excited about the opportunity. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I just have 2. First, with the upcoming launch of GTA: Trilogy on mobile, can you talk a little bit about your ambitions to create immersive core games on mobile and whether this foreshadows more mobile content in the future that may have historically been reserved for PC and console? And then second, just a housekeeping question on the improvement in guidance. What's driving the back half improvement? Despite the push out of Marvel Midnight Suns, are there any improved expectations by franchise you'd call out? 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, it's Karl. Just to answer your first question about mobile. We are obviously very excited about The Trilogy coming to mobile devices. It's actually not the first time we've had our franchises doing this. We've done this since the very beginning of our mobile days, both on the Rockstar and the 2K side. And we have a long history of bringing our franchises to the mobile space. We've done that in various different ways. Obviously, we've brought older games onto mobile platforms. We've done companion apps, and we've brought modified games or different iterations of franchises like WWE SuperCard or NBA SuperCard.
 So we are no stranger to bringing our core franchises to the mobile space. We definitely think that there's an opportunity for us to do more. Nothing to announce on the call. But look, obviously, we've invested significantly in this space, both through acquisition and also organically, and we don't expect that to stop anytime soon. 
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the back half of the year and the forecast, we are seeing a lot of improvement in the forecast. We have a lot of ups and downs, mostly up, and we're netting up. The titles are looking great. Engagement is great. So we don't have any specific things to call out. But overall, the titles are doing great. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Cost with Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Cost: I have 2. So can you just talk about your expectations over the next, call it, year or 2? Obviously, you've brought on a lot of heads. You have a lot of content in development. There's a decent amount of it hitting between now and the end of the fiscal year and then obviously more to come in the years following. What do you guys expect at a high level in terms of like the margin impact? I would imagine there would be something along the lines of an increase in marketing as you bring games to market but then sort of benefits from scale as those heads actually produce content that is out and engaging people and monetizing actively.
 Then just the second question is on China. Obviously, you quantified that at about 3% of your business and mentioned how you expect the exposure to remain limited. Should we interpret that to mean that you don't intend to launch games in China in the future or under certain circumstances and sort of what's driving your strategy there going forward? 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the margins in the next couple of years, as you know, this year is a big year of investment for us in terms of our headcount and our space and IT expenses and our marketing expenses. So we have been talking about that a lot, and we've seen that this year. And next year, we'll see some annualization of a lot of those costs as we go into next year. But as we continue to build scale with our pipeline of titles over the next few years, we expect those margins to continue to grow for us. So that's our plan for the near and the future over the next couple of years. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of China, I was making the point about the percent of our net bookings that come from China. And it's quite small, roughly 3% at the moment. We expect our net bookings to grow. We expect sequential growth. We're really excited about our future. And at the same time, we're very focused on the region and particularly on the country in the context of what we're able to do and being compliant with regulations. So we remain highly optimistic about China. We absolutely would be very happy to launch additional and new titles there. We expect to do so. In fact, we remain optimistic. I'm simply making the point that it is a small part of our business. 
Operator: Our next question is from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. 
Martin Yang: I have one. Just curious about your philosophy on remastered games. How do you pick and choose from your pretty substantial library what games to bring back on? And as a follow-up, how does remastering games compete with resources for development of new games? 
Karl Slatoff: Sure. This is Karl, Martin. I'll answer the question. I'll answer the second one. They're actually related because the truth is remastering games, unless you really go truly out to third parties, which we've done in the past, but even in that case, you are actually competing with other resources. And therefore, that goes into your decision-making on which ones you bring to market, and it purely is an economic decision. An economic decision based on what we believe the fan base to be. How much is it going to cost for the game to be remastered? Are we going to make other changes to the game to enhance the experience? Because typically just pure remasters without -- just ports don't really perform as well as something that's truly remastered or truly enhanced. So all of those factors go into those decisions. But in the end, it is an economic decision. And it is a resource allocation decision, and that's just math that we do. 
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Maybe a follow-up to an earlier question. Some of your peers have suggested challenges around recruiting talent, but it sounds like you've had a different experience. If I heard correctly, you added 350 developers during the quarter. What do you attribute that to? Are labor markets improving? Is reopening helping? And if the macro picture is getting better, is your plan to accelerate new hires? And then I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. Look, we're so grateful that we continue to attract the industry's top talent. In fact, we've hired over 1,500 developers over the last 2 years, and we've more than doubled our internal developer count in the last 5 years. And I don't want to overstate the case and so much always has to be done on a daily basis regarding culture. But I do think that, that's a reflection of who we are. And I think ultimately, everyone knows who you are, people inside and people outside.
 And we're really proud of the culture that we've built. A culture that starts with creativity, innovation and efficiency, but very importantly, includes accepting everyone as they are, as they show up, as long as they are equally focused on a very high ambition for excellence and hard work, a willingness to be honest and open and transparent and collaborative, and the agreement that we have with one another that we'll treat everyone with decency and kindness. And I think at this point, we're known for that. And we're imperfect and there's much more that we can do at any given time. We are highly focused on this culture and it has served us very well. 
Andrew Crum: And my follow-up concerns the headlines related to FIFA. Just curious around your interest in furthering your exposure to soccer beyond Top Eleven. 
Strauss Zelnick: We are so thrilled to have Nordeus in the Take-Two family. And they're just crushing it, which is great. Top Eleven is a great title, a beloved title. And I just couldn't be happier to be in the soccer manager business through Top Eleven with the Nordeus team. That's a big step forward for us. We haven't been in that sport before. And I think I'll leave it at that today. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Strauss Zelnick for any closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. That was an incredibly short call for us. So you all must have better things to do for the rest of the day. We wish you very well. We're obviously really pleased with the results. And what that leads me to say is, how grateful everyone here is to our teams who deliver these results, who work hard every day to make the phenomenal entertainment that drives the success of the company on an ongoing basis. It's incredibly hard. We don't take it for granted. We never take success for granted. And so thank you to all of our colleagues who are listening today and the ones who aren't listening because they're hard at work. Thank you also to our shareholders for your ongoing support. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Q1 Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead. 
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 ended June 30, 2021. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. 
 Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons for year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that digitally presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Nicole. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. 
 I'm pleased to report that fiscal year 2022 is off to a great start, highlighted by first quarter net bookings of $711 million, which exceeded our expectations. As the world has moved toward a safer, new normal, we experienced strong engagement trends across most of our core franchises. 
 During the period, we took multiple steps to enhance our organization over the long term. We invested further in talent and core infrastructure, which are important areas to support our expansive multiyear pipeline. Mobile remains a key growth opportunity, and we believe that our acquisition of Nordeus will enhance meaningfully our talents and expertise in this area. With a larger mobile footprint, we've integrated Socialpoint, Playdots and Nordeus into T2 Mobile Games. This structure will enable us to realize cost synergies, leverage expertise and share best practices across our mobile teams. I'm also proud that we deepened our focus on corporate responsibility, and we've recently made several key hires to lead our efforts regarding diversity, equity and inclusion. 
 Turning to our first quarter results. Our better-than-expected performance was primarily driven by Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, and Borderlands 3. For nearly 8 years, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online have redefined the creative and cultural influence of interactive entertainment, setting new standards for multiple generations of consumers and gaming platforms. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V were significantly above our expectations once again, and the title has now sold in more than 150 million units. 
 Rockstar Games continued to keep its massive player base engaged with new content updates for Grand Theft Auto Online, including 8 new stunt races, 7 new arenas for Deadline mode and regular in-game bonuses and incentives. This helped drive the title to its second highest first quarter on record for player audience in its third consecutive quarter of player growth. In comparison to the first quarter of fiscal 2020, Grand Theft Auto Online achieved a 72% increase in its audience size, a 77% increase in new players and significant growth in recurring consumer spending. 
 In addition, Rockstar Games continued to captivate and engage audiences with Red Dead Redemption 2, which exceeded our expectations and has now sold in more than 38 million units. Red Dead Online also enjoyed a strong quarter, thanks to new content offerings, including 8 new horse races and a creative array of bonuses and incentives. The game experienced strong performance as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2020, including 18% growth in its audience size, 26% growth in new players and outstanding growth in recurrent consumer spending. This performance was driven by both strong ongoing game sales and the continued influx of new players from the stand-alone version of Red Dead Online. 
 Turning to our sports offerings. NBA 2K21 has sold in over 11 million units and remains the #1 sports title in the U.S. NBA 2K's community continues to be highly engaged with more than 2.7 million users playing daily. As compared to last year, the game experienced 13% growth in first-time spenders and nearly 30% growth in returning players. We see a significant opportunity to grow the franchise further over the next few years as we provide unique and innovative experiences throughout the game. 
 PGA TOUR 2K21 continues to exceed our expectations and expand its audience. In June, 2K and HB Studios launched a community-driven program that allows the top golf course designers from around the world to create and submit ideas for inclusion in the game's online playlist. This program is enhancing the game's vast replayability while also driving player engagement and growing its global community. 
 Borderlands 3 had a strong quarter. During the period, 2K and Gearbox Software released the Director's Cut add-on, providing new missions, characters, daily and weekly challenges and unique rewards. The game was also supported with an array of new free content offerings that gave players more ways to perfect and expand their arsenals. 
 2K and Firaxis Games launched Sid Meier's Civilization VI Anthology on Windows PC, providing the ultimate package for players that have yet to experience the award-winning, critically-acclaimed strategy title. The Anthology includes the base game, all previously released DLC, the Rise and Fall and Gathering Storm expansions as well as the popular New Frontier Pass. Civilization VI has sold in more than 11 million units, outperforming its predecessor at the same point in its life cycle. Later this year, 2K and Firaxis Games will celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Civilization franchise, and I'd like to congratulate our teams on this incredible milestone. 
 Kerbal Space Program, which has sold in over 5 million units, celebrated its 10-year anniversary in June. To mark the milestone, Private Division released a short documentary video detailing the achievements of the title as well as its impact on the aerospace industry. 
 One of our key strategic priorities is to provide new and innovative ways for audiences to stay engaged with our titles and the communities built around them after their initial launch. During the first quarter, recurrent consumer spending declined 25%, which was better than our expectations of a 30% decline and accounted for 69% of net bookings. 
 Overall, all evidence suggests that media consumption patterns are beginning to stabilize to a new normal. And while down from the highs of the previous year, recurrent consumer spending in our products has leveled off and remained significantly higher than the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 
 The largest contributors to recurrent consumer spending in the period were NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online. We also experienced strong performance across many of our free-to-play offerings. 
 Monster Legends and Dragon City exceeded our expectations with sequential top line growth compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. This performance was driven by strong live ops, successful feature releases and significant marketing investments. 
 Two Dots celebrated its seventh anniversary in June. The title performed well with positive momentum continuing from the second half of fiscal 2021. 
 WWE SuperCard has now been downloaded over 24 million times and remains 2K's highest-grossing mobile title. The franchise has had strong performance with the last 12 months marking its sixth consecutive year of growth. 
 Following our acquisition of Nordeus, we're encouraged by the performance of and the potential for Top Eleven, including its use of seasonal live ops and new features. 
 NBA 2K Online in China outperformed our expectations. The title remains the #1 online PC sports game in the region with nearly 54 million registered users. 
 Turning to our outlook. We're reiterating our prior guidance of $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion in net bookings for fiscal 2022. As we continue to develop our pipeline, there has been movement in some of our planned releases, including 2 of our immersive core titles shifting to later in fiscal 2022 than our prior guidance had contemplated. Our approach has always been to allow our labels to determine when projects are ready to bring to market to ensure the best quality and overall experience for players. 
 As Karl will discuss in greater detail, we're excited about our pipeline and the impact of our new releases will have on our business and financial profile in the years to come. We believe that we'll achieve sequential growth in fiscal 2023 and establish new record levels of operating results over the next few years. 
 Looking ahead, we remain highly optimistic about the future of the interactive entertainment sector and our competitive positioning. As we leverage our many advantages, our leading talent, focus on creativity, incredible portfolio of owned IP and strong balance sheet, we believe that Take-Two is well positioned to drive long-term growth and shareholder value. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to thank our team for a strong start to the year and their continued dedication to our business. 
 We continue to believe that fiscal year 2022 will be a year of investments, as marked by our recent acquisitions of Nordeus and Dynamixyz. We are thrilled to have both teams join our family, and we will continue to evaluate organic and inorganic opportunities to enhance our organization. 
 I'll now discuss our recent releases. Rockstar Games continued to provide an array of free content for their vast and growing online communities. In June, Rockstar released 7 new arenas for the fan-favorite Deadline mode for Grand Theft Auto Online. This was followed by the Los Santos Tuners update, the game's major summer launch in July, which delivered an action-packed street racing-themed update into Grand Theft Auto Online. The update introduced elements of the tuner car culture to the game world, including the LS Car Meet, a new, heavily requested shared social space for players to get together to modify their personal vehicles, watch others modify their Tuner vehicles in real time, race and test various vehicles on an underground test track and much more. 
 In addition, the Los Santos Tuners update features 6 epic new robbery contracts, 6 new race types, 10 new highly customizable vehicles, collectible USB sticks offering a new way to hear music from Moodymann and Seth Troxler and a host of quality-of-life updates, including a new customizable radio station wheel. 
 The launch of the Los Santos Tuners set new records for Grand Theft Auto Online, including the largest number of players and the highest level of net bookings for both day 1 and during the opening week for any update in Grand Theft Auto Online's history. 
 Looking ahead, the upcoming launch of the expanded and enhanced versions of Grand Theft Auto Online for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S systems this November will allow for higher top speeds for select vehicles across these more powerful systems. 
 In July, Rockstar Games released the Bloody Money (sic) [ Blood Money ] update for Red Dead Online. The update introduced a series of criminal-themed opportunities; complex new missions, including the game's first train robbery; and The Quick Draw Club, a series of 4 distinct, rapid-fire passes featuring criminal-themed unlockable rewards, bonuses and more. Blood Money's success, along with the additional influx of new players thanks to the launch of the stand-alone version of Red Dead Online, led to the highest number of players on day 1 for any update in Red Dead Online history. 
 Fiscal 2022 is an exciting year for Take-Two as we embark on our multiyear strategy to deliver a slate of releases more robust than any other time in our company's history. While there has been some movement in our pipeline, including 2 of our immersive core titles shifting to later this fiscal year, we remain highly optimistic about our plans, including the introduction of several new franchises. 
 I'll now discuss details on our upcoming announced offerings for this year. On August 13, Private Division will launch Hades on physical disc for PlayStation and Xbox consoles. Developed by Supergiant Games, Hades is a rouge-like dungeon crawler in which players seek freedom by battling their way through the treacherous Underworld of Greek myth. The physical retail edition will come with additional items for collectors, including a compendium booklet featuring the art of the game and a code to download its soundtrack. We are excited to launch Hades, which previously won over 50 Game of the Year awards and earned impressive aggregate scores of 93 and 94 on Metacritic and OpenCritic, respectively. 
 In addition, during the second quarter, Private Division will launch Murder on Eridanos, the second add-on content offering for The Outer Worlds for the Nintendo Switch. 
 On September 10, 2K and Visual Concepts will once again set the standard for basketball simulations as they have done for the past 20 years with the launch of NBA 2K22 for PlayStation and Xbox consoles, Switch and PC. Featuring best-in-class visual presentation and player AI, historic teams and a wide variety of hoops experiences, NBA 2K22 will place the entire basketball universe in the player's hands. 
 Global phenomenon and 2-time NBA All-Star, Luka Doncic, will grace the cover of the Standard Edition and Cross-Gen Digital Bundle, while NBA legends Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Dirk Nowitzki and Kevin Durant will be featured on the premium NBA 75th Anniversary Edition. 
 In North America, players can purchase a special version of the Standard Edition featuring 6-time WNBA All-Star and WNBA Champion, Candace Parker, on the cover, available exclusively through GameStop and EB Games. Parker's appearance is a milestone for the NBA 2K series, marking the first female cover athlete in the history of the franchise. 
 In Japan, players can also purchase a special version of the Standard Edition that will feature Washington Wizards Rui Hachimura, a rising star who was the first Japanese player to not only be drafted in the first round in 2019, but also to reach the NBA Playoffs. 
 The NBA 75th Anniversary Edition and Cross-Gen Digital Bundle will feature cover artwork painted by renowned Atlanta-based artist, Charly Palmer, whose Civil Rights series appeared on the cover of TIME Magazine in July 2020. 
 This fall, Private Division will introduce Kerbal Space Program Enhanced Edition for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S. The title will benefit from multiple hardware advancements, which will provide upgraded resolution, increased frame rate, advanced shaders, better textures and additional performance improvements. Players who already own Kerbal Space Program Enhanced Edition for Gen 8 consoles will be eligible for a free upgrade to the new version of the game upon its release. 
 On November 11, Rockstar Games will launch the expanded and enhanced version of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online - Standalone for Gen 9 consoles. Rockstar Games will have more details to share about these eagerly anticipated launches in the coming months. 
 This winter, Private Division will release Roll 7's OlliOlli World digitally for PlayStation and Xbox consoles, Nintendo Switch and PC. The title has received outstanding initial feedback from early media impressions, including praise for its bold new direction, unique art style, standout soundtrack and improve game play mechanics. 
 During the fourth quarter, 2K and Gearbox Software will launch an exciting new franchise. Tiny Tina's Wonderlands is an epic adventure full of whimsy, wonder and high-powered weaponry set in an unpredictable fantasy world where magic, broadswords and bullets collide. It is an entirely new game and a full stand-alone experience with a rich, story-driven co-op campaign for up to 4 players as well as repeatable end-game content. In addition, later this month, 2K will unveil details of another exciting new franchise planned for launch during this fiscal year. 
 During fiscal 2020 -- '22, WWE 2K22 will mark the rebirth of our popular wrestling series. We are very excited about the team's fresh approach to the franchise, including an array of enhancements and new features. 2K and Visual Concepts have shared a series of behind the scenes videos of their work on WWE 2K22, including entrance and move animations as well as motion capture and facial scanning with much more to come.  
 Turning to mobile. We are pleased to expand our offerings, especially given the strong momentum in this market segment. Players can look forward to new releases this year, which our teams will have more to share about in the coming months. In addition, our labels continue to invest in technology and new games that they plan to deliver during the next few years.  
 Turning to eSports. The NBA 2K League kicked off its fourth season on May 19 that will include on September 4 -- that will conclude on September 4, with the league finals delivered by Door Dash. This season, games have been airing live on the League's Twitch and YouTube channels and are also available on eGG Network in Southeast Asia, ESRevolution, Loco in India, Sport1 in Europe and Dash Radio. The League continues to grow its audience with more than 2 million followers on its social media platforms and nearly 470 million video views.  
 We are excited about the League's recent announcement that its 2021 playoffs will take place at the Mavs Gaming Hub in Dallas, marking the first time that in-person games will be offered since the 2019 NBA 2K League Finals in New York City. Looking ahead, we believe that the NBA 2K League has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company. 
 In closing, we are optimistic about the multiyear growth trajectory ahead of us. We are positioning our business for growth and enhancing our enterprise by investing in talent and infrastructure. With our robust pipeline of titles and content updates, we are confident that we can establish new record levels of operating performance over the next several years. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our first quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2022. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. 
 As Strauss mentioned, fiscal 2022 is off to a strong start with our first quarter operating results exceeding our expectations. Net bookings were $711 million, which was above our guidance of $625 million to $675 million and marked our second highest Q1 on record. Our outperformance was primarily driven by Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Borderlands 3. 
 During the period, overall engagement exceeded our expectations. Recurrent consumer spending declined 25% as compared to our outlook of a 30% decline and accounted for 69% of total net bookings. Our outperformance was primarily driven by Grand Theft Auto Online as well as the addition of Nordeus. 
 Digitally delivered net bookings declined 26% as compared to our outlook of a 30% decline and accounted for 96% of the total. This result was better than our outlook primarily due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending. During the quarter, 73% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 71% last year. 
 GAAP net revenue declined 2% to $813 million, while cost of goods sold decreased 31% to $330 million. Operating expenses increased by 15% to $313 million, primarily driven by higher personnel and stock compensation expenses as well as the addition of Playdots and Nordeus. And GAAP net income was $152 million or $1.30 per share as compared to $89 million or $0.77 per share in the first quarter last year. We ended the quarter with over $2.5 billion of cash and short-term investments. 
 Turning to our guidance, I'll begin with our full fiscal year expectation. As Strauss mentioned, we are reiterating our net bookings outlook range of $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion. While our first quarter results outperformed our expectations and our acquisition of Nordeus will benefit the year, this is being offset by some changes to our release schedule, including moving 2 of our immersive core titles to later in fiscal 2022 than our prior guidance had contemplated. We continue to be very excited about our pipeline and the next phase of growth that it presents for our company. 
 The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online as well as some of our new releases that are yet to be announced. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division and T2 Mobile Games. 
 We forecast a geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. As a result of our outperformance in Q1 as well as the addition of Nordeus, we now expect recurrent consumer spending to decline by 9% compared to our prior outlook of a 15% decline versus fiscal 2021. As a percentage of net bookings, recurrent consumer spending is expected to be relatively flat versus last year and represent 65% of total net bookings. 
 We now project digitally delivered net bookings to decrease by approximately 6% as compared to our prior outlook of an 8% decline. As a percentage of our business, digital is projected to represent 90%, slightly above 89% last year. Our forecast assumes that 74% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 64% last year. 
 We expect to generate more than $400 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $170 million for capital expenditures. The increase over our prior guidance relates to the acquisition of 2 office buildings in the U.K. to support our business in the region. We continue to expect GAAP net revenue to range from $3.14 billion to $3.24 billion while we now expect cost of goods sold to range from $1.4 billion to $1.44 billion. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.48 billion to $1.5 billion, representing at the midpoint a 23% increase over the prior year. This increase reflects significant investments in marketing, personnel, stock compensation and IT expenses to bring our expansive multiyear pipeline to market as well as incremental expenses due to the addition of Nordeus and a full year of Playdots. 
 And we expect GAAP net income to range from $229 million to $259 million or $1.95 to $2.20 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% throughout fiscal 2022. 
 Now moving to our guidance for the fiscal second quarter. We project net bookings to range from $815 million to $865 million compared to $958 million in the second quarter last year. Our guidance reflects the continued challenging comparisons from last year due to COVID-19. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Dragon City, Top Eleven and Two Dots. We project recurrent consumer spending to decline by approximately 11% and digitally delivered net bookings to decline by approximately 5%. Our forecast assumes that 64% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 57% last year. 
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $740 million to $790 million and cost of goods sold to range from $323 million to $349 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $368 million to $378 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 27% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher marketing, personnel, IT and research and development costs as well as the inclusion of Playdots and Nordeus. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $41 million to $53 million or $0.35 to $0.45 per share. 
 In closing, our first quarter results demonstrate the health of our business and the incredible execution from our talented colleagues across the world. As we capitalize on our industry's strong talent, combined with our unique business drivers, we believe that our company will deliver significant long-term growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering a strong start to the year. And to our shareholders, I'd like to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: So being the first of the major game publishers to report earnings this quarter, I wanted to hear your thoughts regarding the recent developments within the industry on gender and equality. If you could share Take-Two's stance on this issue and if there's anything you can share in terms of impacts or change [ does ] expected to be within the company would be greatly appreciated. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the question. Look, our most important asset here is our people because they create everything that we're able to bring to consumers. We're an asset-light business. We are a business of intellectual property. And our strategy, our stated strategy has always been to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business. 
 Diversity is key to our success. We need to have a diverse perspective and diverse voices in order to create that quality. So it starts at the top. Our Board of Directors is diverse with respect to gender, race and skill set. Our management team is exceedingly diverse from a gender perspective. And our voices as a result are diverse. 
 But we're not stopping there. We're also reaching into the community to create a broader, more diverse pool from which we can recruit and our competitors can recruit going forward. So we work together in company-sponsored service projects and the communities in which we operate. We encourage individual volunteerism and giving through philanthropic and matching donation programs. We support organizations that are focused on enhancing diversity. We increased the Canada pool through scholarships to design students, contributions to organizations providing STEM opportunities to children in underserved communities. And delivering interview training and career counseling to young adults. And this crosses genders. But in many instances, we're also focused on young females as well. 
 So we're trying to do the right thing from the top of the company at the Board level to the management team, to even creating a pool from which we can recruit a long time into the future. And even so, I'm sure there's much more that we can do. 
X. Lu: Great. That's -- glad to hear it. And just 1 question for Lainie on the COVID impact and on recurrent consumer spending in the quarter. Recurrent consumer spending declined 25% versus your guidance, down 30%, which is a smaller beat than usual. So given that fiscal 1Q was the first full quarter of comping sheltering in place last year, can you give us a little bit more color in terms of how user engagement trended throughout the quarter? Did things get better or worse? And any additional color would be helpful. 
Lainie Goldstein: So Mario, it's definitely in line with what our expectations were. It's a little bit better. We saw better performance in GTA Online than we expected. We also have the addition of Nordeus, which also helped our recurrent consumer spending in the quarter. So we definitely are seeing the engagement in line with what we had expected. So there really isn't any change than what we had guided to from the beginning of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: Great. I also just have 2. First, could you talk a little bit about how the success of GTA V and GTA Online informs your interest -- or sorry, the interest levels for GTA enhanced edition and how that could perform? 
 And then second, just as a housekeeping item, I was just wondering if you're willing to provide the actual growth numbers for GTA Online and Red Dead Online in the quarter. And also, your assumptions, at least directionally, for those businesses in the September quarter guidance for RCS. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. In terms of our expectations about any upcoming release, apart from what we've given guidance, I don't tend to give any more color than that. Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online have been out now for some 8 years, and the performance has consistently been vastly better than our expectations. I have no doubt that the enhanced edition will delight consumers. I have no doubt that it will be absolutely extraordinary. How it will perform? Hard to say. This is now the third generation in which the title has existed. I'm an optimist, and I find that you never want to bet against Rockstar Games. So I'm looking forward to the release. And Lainie will take the second question. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for GTA Online in Q2, our expectations are for it to be up in the quarter due to the update that is just released. We didn't have an update last year. It's a difficult comp because of COVID, but since we had this update, we expect it to be up versus last year. And for Red Dead Online, since it's a difficult comp, we expect it to be slightly up, but -- due to the update, but not as up as GTA Online versus last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. 
Matthew Thornton: Maybe 2 quick ones. First, just on the delays, you called out the 2 immersive core titles. It sounded like maybe there might be some other stuff as well. I'm just curious if there's any slippage, without getting into specifics, around some of the other new mobile titles or extensions kind of planned for the year. Any color there. 
 And then just secondly, I think you just talked a little bit about kind of engagement trends given the pandemic normalization. It sounds like things are trending kind of as you thought 3 months ago. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I think that's the interpretation there. The other change in the quarter was obviously around the Apple ATT change, IDFA changes and the impact on the mobile side of the business. So I'm just curious on the mobile side of the business if you saw any impact there or I guess how that tracked relative to your expectation when we all sat here 3 months ago. Any color there would be great. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Matthew. We don't have any other expectations of delays. So we've got -- we've mentioned what we have as we always do. In terms of how things are trending post pandemic, if you call this post pandemic, and I hope we can, it remains to be seen, the trend is almost exactly what we anticipated and what we've talked about now for over a year, which is we expected postpandemic demand to be higher than prepandemic demand and lower than the demand during the pandemic, which stands to reason because people have, in many ways, returned to normal in most of the world. That remains to be seen. As to what will come in the future, I'm hopeful that, that will continue. 
 But clearly, there's been a systemic shift in favor of interactive entertainment. It's now the #1 entertainment vertical. It's something like $180 billion market. It's a diverse market in terms of gender. It's a diverse market in terms of age. So we couldn't be more optimistic about the market than we are. 
 And in terms of IDFA, it's still early days. It remains to be seen. We have not seen any negative impact on our business. And I think that's really because we're big enough that we have lots of access to data. We have a consolidated consumer database across all of our labels, which is very robust. And if you have enough of your own data and you have solid data analytics teams, which we have both at the corporate level and at the label level, then a great deal of the information can be found in other ways. And you can do appropriate marketing that protects consumers' privacy without the resources that we had before from Apple. So we're in a good place so far with regard to that change, but it is still early. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Jefferies. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: I just have 2 quick ones. First one, I think, is for Lainie. Could you -- on the increased marketing spend, is the delay affect the way you're going to go to market with these titles? And then secondly, has the return on marketing spend changed over the last several years? Has it gotten better, gotten worse? Any color there to kind of -- on how marketing has affected game sales would be useful. 
Lainie Goldstein: So the increase on the marketing hasn't really changed. There's a little bit of timing change from Q1 into the rest of the year. And there's a little bit of shift out of the year into next year, but that's being offset by some additional costs due to the acquisition of Nordeus into the year. So there is a little bit of an increase of the overall operating expense in the year versus previous guidance. So it's a reduction of a little bit of marketing, offset by the Nordeus expense. 
 And in terms of the return on marketing spend, I wouldn't say there's better or worse. I would say that we're a little bit more targeted on how we're spending our marketing. So I'd say we were getting a better return because we're able to really see how we're spending the marketing in a better way with better analytics over the last few years. But the spend continues to be a strong spend in order to do the best marketing for our titles, especially also with the mobile titles as well. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. And then, Strauss, I just want to go back to the first question a bit. I mean have some of the issues popped up? And have other competitors made you guys kind of rethink how you -- some of your policies, procedures? And then kind of along those lines, I believe employee turnover is already -- excuse me, you guys have a history of low turnover because people enjoy working at Take-Two. Is that still the case? Is turnover is still pretty low? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the question. Look, let's just pause at the -- inclusion, diversity and common decency is of paramount importance to everyone here and specifically highly important to me and has been for the 14 years that we've been around. This is nothing new for us. The culture of the company is well-known and well-known internally and reasonably well-known externally. All that said, we can always do better. And I think we're known to be people who always want to be doing better and never want to rest on our laurels. 
 We don't think that fostering an appropriate environment is a single set of actions or reflects  1 day in a new cycle. We think it's a constant process of introspection and improvement. There are always ways that we and the industry can do better. We'll listen to our colleagues, and we'll work on this area over time. 
 But I want to be very specific because you asked the question about what we do around here and what we've always done. The first is, and I'll say it in as black and white a way as I can, we will not tolerate harassment or discrimination or bad behavior of any kind. We never have. We set those expectations when people come on board here through our code of conduct and our anti-harassment and antidiscrimination policies, all of which our colleagues are required to review and sign when they're hired. All of our colleagues take anti-harassment training at hire and biannually after that. And we make it clear through the training and through our policy that if anyone does experience any inappropriate contact, there are multiple avenues to report that, and they'll never be retaliated against for doing so. Those options include the management chain, anyone in HR, an anonymous complaint by phone or online through our third-party hotline and website reporting tools. 
 Take-Two has a director of diversity and inclusion, and that [indiscernible] includes developing, executing and leading a global DE&I strategy, and that supports our business objectives. We also have multiple employee resource groups inside the company, and we have more growing all the time, which gives us all a thrill. So that's what we're up to very specifically. Again, is there more that we could do? I'm certain there is. Do we feel like we're in a pretty good place? We're grateful that we do feel that way right now. 
 In terms of retention, our turnover rate is roughly half of the industries. That's been true for about the past 18 months. There have been times when it's been about 70% of industry levels. It's been trending down at a time when I think, in general, turnover is trending up. So we feel good about that. And that's another measure of how we're doing, so we focus on it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer & Co. 
Martin Yang: My first one is about how you account for the shifts in business models and player taste for games that have a much longer development cycle than a typical annual release is. And how much input does your central organization have in those directional changes on the market? 
Strauss Zelnick: I'm not sure I entirely follow your question. The development cycles for our core immersive releases are still significant. It takes some time to make what we hope will be the best titles in the business. And development cycles are not getting shorter for core immersive releases, and I wouldn't necessarily expect them to. 
 I think what's changed is that in between big releases, we continue to engage consumers with add-on content and with opportunities to engage in online versions of the game in certain instances and multiplayer opportunities as well. So that's what created recurrent consumer spending. But much more importantly, recurrent consumer spending reflects consumer activity and engagement. But that doesn't really change development cycles. So did I miss your question in some way? 
Martin Yang: No, I think you answered it. I have a follow-up for Lainie. In terms of the marketing plan for the year, particularly around expanded and enhanced version for GTA, do you treat that game release as a brand-new game around the marketing and campaigns around it? Or do you -- how do you see this enhanced version marketing leading to the release? 
Lainie Goldstein: It wouldn't be marketed as a brand-new game. There certainly is marketing around the game, but it wouldn't be as if it's a brand-new release of a GTA property. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Cost: It's Matt on for Brian. I have 2. So Strauss, you made a comment about seeing signs of stabilization in media consumption patterns. Obviously, it's under -- I understood your comments about how you expected to come to a lower rate post pandemic than you saw during the pandemic. But I guess what are the things that you're seeing right now that are giving you confidence that you're seeing stabilization as opposed to sort of being midway through sort of the normalization process with a floor at some lower level? 
 And then the second question is just on the reorganization of the mobile studios. Are there any new capabilities or new goals for that organization now that you're centralizing all the studios under 1 umbrella? Is there anything that's new that's possible on the mobile side of the business because of that? 
Karl Slatoff: Matt, so in terms of the stabilization of media consumption patterns, really, what we're seeing is we can just see it in the numbers. Obviously, we don't have the same kind of wind in our backs as we did during the pandemic itself. But now that the pandemic is hopefully over, certainly, people are getting back to normal. We're experiencing what we expected, but we're also seeing instances like, for example, when the new movies came out for GTA Online, we're seeing record engagement. So that in itself shows you that the sort of the moderation that we've seen is really coming to an end because people are engaging when the content is released, and they're engaging in a very significant way. So that gives us a lot of confidence that we may be past the, I guess, you call them headwinds of losing the tailwinds of the pandemic, and we moved on to where the titles are behaving as we would expect in a more normalized environment. So we can see it in the numbers themselves. 
 In terms of centralizing the studios and mobile under 1 umbrella, we do expect that there will be synergies across the organizations. Each of these studios has got something to bring in terms of expertise, whether it's data analytics, whether it's different ways to create content. There are a lot of things that they can learn from each other, and bringing them together under 1 management umbrella really gives us the ability -- not to mention also consumer data, really gives us the ability to pursue best practices across the entire organization. So yes, we do expect there to be synergies based on this reorganization. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. 
Gerrick Johnson: First, I'm just wondering why these titles were delayed. 
Strauss Zelnick: We needed more time to polish them and make sure that they're the best titles they possibly can be. 
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. So no COVID-related delay then? 
Strauss Zelnick: No, our team has been incredibly productive throughout the pandemic. And even though we have a lot of work going on at home, productivity is high. 
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Great. And is Nordeus accretive? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. Nordeus is an accretive acquisition for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clay Griffin with MoffettNathanson. 
Clay Griffin: Strauss, I noted Sony's Jim Ryan specifically calling out Chinese demand for PlayStation 5. You've been bullish on the long-term opportunity in China in the sense that it opens up to Western content. At the same time, there's obviously been a lot of concern on a regulatory shift in China in the space. I'd love to just get your current thoughts on the Chinese market and how you think Take-Two is positioned to participate in that market over time. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a great market for us. We have the #1 PC online sports title in China with 54 million registered users. NBA 2K Online continues to grow in China. We also have console titles for China, and we have titles that are being approved. We have great relationships in China with Tencent and others. And so we think there's plenty of upside going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. 
Brian Fitzgerald: From Socialpoint to Playdots to Nordeus, you guys have always been really highly disciplined in terms of M&A activity. We wanted to ask what you're seeing in terms of valuations on the mobile side of things. Or are platform changes like Apple is doing with AT&T, is that making it increasingly harder, Strauss, to your point for small publishers and studios to compete? Is that making it more frothy in terms of the -- just the general environment for acquisitions? 
Strauss Zelnick: We haven't seen any change in the market yet, and valuations remain frothy, I think, because of the growth of the sector and enthusiasm around the sector. However, our discipline has really paid off in the past 14 years. Knock wood, we haven't made a failed acquisition. Our acquisitions are accretive, usually right away. Sometimes it could take a little bit of time. But we're happy that we've done every deal that we've done. We did miss out on a few that we wish we had done, but frankly, not all that many. 
 I think you raised a good point, which is over time, will it be harder for smaller companies to compete in the space? And I think that will be true. The answer will be yes with regard to both mobile and console. The resources required are significant. The risk profile is significant. And the history of the entertainment business is that over time, those that are very creative become very successful. Those that are very successful become bigger. Those that are bigger have the opportunity to acquire smaller enterprises. And as long as the focus remains on creativity, innovation and efficiency and as long as the culture that has made the company successful in the first place is maintained, there's an opportunity for continued success even with scale. And that's certainly how we see ourselves and how we envision our future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Okay. So just going back to GTA Online, can you talk about your expectations for the fiscal year? Lainie, I know you said you're expecting growth in fiscal 2Q. You have the stand-alone version coming in November. So with that in place, can GTA Online grow this year? 
 And then separately, I know you guys don't like to guide on specific titles, but on Hades, it looks like you had a limited release previously but managed to ship 1 million plus copies, very high metascore. Can you talk about maybe at a high level what your expectations are for that game and prospects for commercial success? 
Lainie Goldstein: Drew, for GTA Online, our expectations for the full year is for it to moderate. So for the full year, we expect moderation of the trends that benefited us from the industry last year due to COVID and the sheltering at home. So Q1 was down versus last year. [ We've now ] beat our expectations. And Q2 is going to be up because of the update, which is doing really well. So we do expect Q3 and Q4 right now to be down. But GTA Online always surprises us. So it's still early in the year, so we'll see what happens. But right now, we do have our expectations as it being moderating for the year. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of Hades, look, I mean in a lot of ways, this is one of the ideal projects for Private Division. I mean we founded the Division based on our effort to hook up with some of the best independent developers in the world. And I would certainly categorize Supergiant as one of those. Hades obviously has had its significant critical and commercial success to date with the digital release. And we're really excited to be part of it on the physical side. 
 And we think there's a significant market for that title that has just started. They have sold a good number of copies, but there's a lot of upside for us. So we're thrilled to be in business with Supergiant. We think there's a great amount of upside for us, and we're looking forward to the release. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Soff with Deutsche Bank. 
Benjamin Soff: Just one, if I could. I was just wondering how you guys think about the subscription model in gaming and where and if you see an opportunity there for you guys. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Our views remain unchanged. We think that a subscription model can make sense for deep catalog titles, but it doesn't really make sense for frontline titles. And for any business model that makes sense in the entertainment business, it has to work for the creators of the entertainment as well as the consumers of the entertainment. And I think catalog can make sense for the publishers. It can make sense for consumers who are avid, who really want access to a lot of product. 
 But if you're getting into frontline product, then the economics are much more difficult to make sense of. And remember, consumers who are involved with interactive entertainment have different consumption patterns than those involved with linear entertainment. Linear entertainment consumers consume something like 150 hours of programming a month. That's probably well over 100 different titles. In the case of interactive entertainment, consumers are consuming something like 45 hours a month, and that may be 1, 2, 3, 4 titles, but it's certainly not 100 titles. 
 So from a consumer point of view, it's not clear that a subscription model really makes sense for the bulk of consumers. That remains to be seen. We're open-minded. We have made catalog titles available for subscription services. Very occasionally, we've made frontline titles available as well. But we do see this more as a catalog offering than a frontline offering. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two questions. First, with regards to the untethering of Red Dead Redemption Online, now that you've had this for a little while, I'm just curious, what are you finding with the game in terms of widening the funnel? Is it bringing new people in that's helping to sell more units of Red Dead Redemption 2? Anything -- any color you can give us would be great. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's been good news. We've added players. It's been good for the main game. It's been good for Red Dead Online. I think the timing was excellent. Again, I think you can do almost anything from a marketing point of view if you're mindful of creating appropriate marketing windows. 
Eric Handler: Great. And then just as a follow-up. I'm curious with COVID ebbs and flows, are your developers still completely working at home? Are you -- have you brought them back in-house at all? Or where do you stand there? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a mix. People are back at work in China, for example, and other parts of the globe. We have some people back at work at offices in the U.S. as well. We are very mindful of what's going on. Our colleague's safety and health comes first. And thankfully, everyone's highly productive wherever they are. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Congrats on the quarter, guys. Two from me. First one, it looks like subsequent quarter end, you started using some DMCA takedown requests to remove [indiscernible]. Just sort of curious the catalyst for doing that and sort of the feedback from the player community. 
 The second question is on the collegiate opportunity. It seems like you sort of have a new frontier here for college sports and athletes. And sort of, I guess, your thoughts there and any consideration in your pipeline. 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of takedowns, we're pretty flexible, frankly. That said, if the economy is threatened or if there's bad behavior, and we know how to define that, then we would issue a takedown notice. I'm sorry, what was your second question, Mike? 
Michael Hickey: Second question is just on the collegiate opportunity, Strauss, for sports and athletes or games. 
Strauss Zelnick: And the opportunity with regard to what, just so I understand your question. 
Michael Hickey: NBA. Obviously, college basketball would be pretty sweet, I think, too. Just sort of, I guess, expansion opportunities for your game portfolio or working with athletes maybe for marketing or [ game from last year ]? 
Strauss Zelnick: I'm not sure how to answer it. And so I'm going to be judicious and probably not going to answer it. I will note that we were in business many years ago with the NCAA, and we know longer are. And we're always looking for opportunities to grow our business and our sports business. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. 
 Your next follow-up comes from Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. 
Gerrick Johnson: You were in a special time here with next-gen consoles rolling out, and you have -- GTA and NBA both have new titles coming out that will take advantage of those consoles. Are you finding more deferral of those titles in general, waiting for those next versions and the rollout of those consoles? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's awfully hard to measure something like that, but demand for NBA 2K has been very strong this year. We've had a great year. We've sold in over 11 million units. And certainly, ongoing demand for Grand Theft Auto V has been huge. We've sold in over 150 million units. So I'm not sure we've seen -- I'm not sure we could measure it in any case. I don't know -- we have to do tailored research and it still wouldn't tell us anything that we could do differently. But I remain of the view that the enhanced edition of Grand Theft Auto V will be highly appealing to consumers with next-gen platforms or now current-gen platforms. But that remains to be seen. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. 
Matthew Thornton: Just 2 quick follow-ups. I guess staying on new consoles for a second. I'm just curious how you're thinking about supply as we head into the holiday season. And obviously, we've got the next-gen Grand Theft Auto releasing. I'm just kind of curious of the latest thoughts around console supply and demand. 
 And then just secondly, you guys have talked a lot about the pipeline numbers of releases for fiscal '23 and fiscal '24. You've talked about expecting sequential growth in fiscal '23. And you've talked about getting to new record operating results in the outyears as well. I'm just curious if that last comment pertain to that window, that fiscal '23 to fiscal '24 window, or if I'm reading too much into that. 
Strauss Zelnick: We know that demand for consoles remains high. That's not in doubt. We're hopeful that supply will be enhanced by year-end, and it will be in a good place. But most importantly, the demand is there. And in terms of the pipeline, yes, we said we expected sequential growth in fiscal '23, and we expect to set new operating records in the coming years. And we still have both of those expectations. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to Strauss Zelnick for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you so much for joining us today. I want to, as always, emphatically thank all of our colleagues all around the world who delivered these great results. And it has been a challenging time to deliver the results. And our team shows up and does their best work every day, and work continues to pay off. We're so grateful. We're also grateful to our shareholders who have been so supportive over these years. And I want to wish you all a happy, healthy and safe remainder of the summer. Thanks for joining us. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-05-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Nicole Shevins, Senior Vice President of IR and Corporate Communications. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 ended March 31, 2021. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks Nicole. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Our strong fourth quarter performance concluded an exceptional year for our organization. We delivered net bookings of approximately $3.6 billion, which grew nearly 20% from fiscal 2020 and were the highest ever in our company's history. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues around the world for helping us achieve these results despite such significant unforeseen and prolonged challenges. It's truly a reflection of our collective resilience and singular commitment to excellence. Our thoughts are with those who have been and continue to be affected by COVID-19. We hope that better days and comfort will come to you soon. Throughout the pandemic, our creative teams have delivered consistently superlative entertainment experiences giving players opportunities to have fun in the most difficult of times and stay connected with family and friends through shared experiences. We grew our online communities meaningfully, including new and returning players, which helped drive recurrent consumer spending growth of 48% to reach a record high and represents 63% of our total net bookings for fiscal 2021. During the year, we enhanced our organization for the long-term. We bolstered the depth of our creative teams by hiring more than 700 new developers, including through the acquisition of several talented studios, which will help us expand our capabilities and grow our business. We also broadened our portfolio of offerings capitalized on diverse business models and made significant investments in our operations and infrastructure. Nearly all of our titles outperformed during the fourth quarter, including NBA 2K21, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. The NBA 2K series is known throughout the world for being the most authentic the most realistic and the most engaging basketball simulation experience in our industry. In addition to giving consumers the ability to step onto the court of their favorite NBA players or as themselves, 2K and Visual Concepts have created various game modes that offer interactive experiences and enable players to build deeper social connections. NBA 2K21 was our first offering built from the ground up for Gen 9 platforms. To-date, the title has exceeded our expectations and sold in over 10 million units. During the fourth quarter, net bookings for the series grew 37% and recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations significantly growing 32% and 73% in the period and fiscal year respectively. Consumer engagement with NBA 2K remains incredibly strong with more than 2.3 million users playing the game daily. We see a significant opportunity to grow the franchise further as we provide unique and innovative experiences throughout the game. Once again, Rockstar Games' iconic Grand Theft Auto series exceeded our expectations, expanded its audience and set new benchmarks in fiscal 2021. Driven by an array of new free content updates and sustained interest in last holidays Cayo Perico Heist, Grand Theft Auto Online benefited from strong engagement trends during the fourth quarter, including a record number of active players and the second highest quarter of recurrent consumer spending on record. For the full year, participation levels reached an all-time high from both new and returning players and recurrent consumer spending grew 31% achieving a new annual record. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V also surpassed our expectations, and to-date, the title has sold in more than 145 million units worldwide. Red Dead Online exceeded our expectations during the fourth quarter with active players increasing significantly in recurrent consumer spending performing above our plans due in part to the success of the recently released standalone version of the game. Throughout the period Rockstar Games released new content updates for Red Dead Online including brand-new missions for solo players the Outlaw Pass No. 5 and its new rewards and more. Red Dead Redemption 2 continued to perform very well and, to date, has sold-in over 37 million units worldwide. During the fourth quarter, 2K announced their acquisition of HB Studios, the developers of our highly successful golf game, PGA TOUR 2K21, which, to-date, has sold-in more than 2 million units. We are very excited about the growth potential for the PGA TOUR 2K series, especially as 2K has entered into an exclusive, long-term agreement with golf legend and icon, Tiger Woods, to serve as its Executive Director and consultant, which we believe will enhance the series' ongoing innovation and authenticity. During the period, 2K and Firaxis Games released the Vietnam & Kublai Khan and Portugal Packs for Sid Meier's Civilization VI that were the final offerings for the game's incredibly successful New Frontier Pass. Civilization VI's daily active users have grown steadily since the game's release more than five years ago and, to-date, the title has sold in over 11 million units. As a result of the engagement from the Pass, as well as the success of XCOM: Chimera Squad and XCOM 2 on Switch, Firaxis Games had one of its best years ever. We expect this growth to continue, as the studio has several exciting projects in development that will be revealed this year. During the fourth quarter, Private Division released Murder on Eridanos, the final add-on for their highly successful game, The Outer Worlds, which has sold-in more than 3 million units. The add-on will also be coming to Switch later this year. Private Division's 2019 release, Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey, has now sold-in over 1 million units, marking the third title from the label to achieve the million-unit milestone, joining The Outer Worlds and Kerbal Space Program. Providing new and innovative ways for audiences to stay engaged with our titles after their initial launch is a key strategic priority of our organization and represents an important long-term growth and margin opportunity. Our record levels of recurrent consumer spending were largely driven by NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online during the fourth quarter, and were enhanced by the following offerings. Social Point's live games, led by Dragon City and Monster Legends exceeded our expectations. Strong seasonal content and features, as well as increased marketing investments, helped drive net bookings growth of nearly 30% for the period and 44% for the year. The studio is planning to release three new titles during the second half of fiscal 2022. Playdots had a strong fourth quarter, driven by the outstanding performance of Two Dots, which achieved sequential growth over the third quarter. We expect Playdots to be a significant contributor to our results over the long-term and look forward to its new release planned for the Fall. WWE SuperCard also outperformed, growing 24% during the fourth quarter and 28% during the year. The title has now been downloaded more than 23 million times and remains 2K’s highest-grossing mobile title. NBA 2K Online in China grew 6% and 9% during the fourth quarter and year, respectively, and remains a significant contributor to our results. The title is the number one PC online sports game in China with more than 52 million registered users. Turning to our outlook, we believe that the pandemic initiated a transformational shift in entertainment consumption, revealing the possibilities of interactive entertainment to a much broader market, with interactive entertainment becoming the number one entertainment vertical. We anticipate that the overall addressable market for our industry will be notably larger going forward than it was pre-pandemic. However, as the world returns to a new normal, we expect a moderation of the trends that benefitted our industry over the past year. We currently expect our fiscal 2022 net bookings to range from $3.2 to $3.3 billion, marking the second year in a row with net bookings in excess of $3 billion. We expect to achieve sequential growth in fiscal 2023, and over the next few years, we believe that we will establish new record levels of operating results, even above the spectacular performance we delivered this past year. Lainie will share more details about our outlook. As Karl will discuss in greater detail, in fiscal 2022, we plan to deliver an exciting array of offerings, including four immersive core releases from proven and new franchises. With the strongest pipeline in our company’s history, including many new releases planned for fiscal 2023 and 2024, we are highly optimistic about our growth trajectory and we will be making significant investments this year to enhance our enterprise in key areas such as creative talent, IT, and other infrastructure. In closing, we remain confident in our proven strategy and talented teams around the world. As we continue to grow our business, we believe that Take-Two is exceedingly well-positioned to deliver long-term growth for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to begin by thanking our teams around the world for delivering a record year for our organization. Since joining Take-Two in 2007, I can’t remember a year during which we were tested more greatly and performed as exceptionally as we did in this past year. Our colleagues' commitment, professionalism, and talent are among the best in our industry, and I could not be prouder of what we have achieved together. In addition, I want to thank our player communities for engaging with our experiences and making our games part of their lives. I’ll now discuss our recent releases. On April 2, 2K and Visual Concepts, once again expanded the breadth and depth of the NBA 2K franchise with the release of NBA 2K21 for Apple Arcade, our first offering for the platform. NBA 2K21 is the most advanced basketball simulation game available on Apple devices, featuring an all-new graphics engine that offers the highest possible resolution, updated rosters and a variety of exciting game modes. NBA 2K21 is currently the most popular game on Apple Arcade. On April 7, 2K and HB Studios released the TravisMathew and PUMA Golf gear update for PGA TOUR 2K21, which keeps players swinging with swag on the cutting edge of modern golf fashion. The TravisMathew Collection includes new polo shirts, hats and shoes, marking the brand's PGA TOUR 2K21 debut, while PUMA Golf introduces an all-new oversized hat and new footwear. On April 8, 2K and Gearbox Software continued to enhance the Borderlands franchise, with the release of the Director’s Cut, the sixth add-on for Borderlands 3. 2K and Gearbox will release two additional vault cards that will become available for owners of the Director’s Cut before the end of calendar 2021 and all players can look forward to returning in-game events like Revenge of the Cartels. In addition, the teams are continuing to explore cross-play functionality that will enable fans to play Borderlands 3 with their friends across multiple platforms and we expect to have more to share in the coming months. Anticipation is growing for Lionsgate's full-length live-action film based on Borderlands. The film is directed by Eli Roth and will feature some of Hollywood favorite stars including Cate Blanchett, Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Hart, Jack Black and Edgar Ramirez. We believe that the film promises to capture the thrills and distinct personality of the series and has the potential to introduce new audiences to the beloved world of Borderlands. Looking ahead, we are very optimistic about our growth opportunities in fiscal 2022 and beyond. As Strauss mentioned, we have an exciting array of offerings planned for this year and our long-term development pipeline represents the strongest in Take-Two's history. For fiscal 2022, we have 21 titles planned for release, including four immersive core releases for purchase, which include two releases from new franchises and two titles from existing franchises. One new independent title, OlliOlli World from Private Division, which will be available for purchase; 10 free-to-play mobile games, including six titles from new franchises, and four from existing franchises; and six new iterations of previously released titles, which will all be available for purchase. While we are very excited to once again be working with the NFL and NFLPA, our first title under these new partnerships is no longer expected to be released during fiscal year 2022. 2K will have more to share on their plans for our football offerings going forward. I'll now discuss details on our announced offerings for this year. Rockstar Games has massive new updates coming this summer to both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online, and will deliver fans' most heavily requested additions in a host of new items, including quality of life updates. On May 25, Red Dead Online will deliver eight new races spanning iconic locations across the game's five states, including Standard, Open, Target and Open Target Races. Later this summer, fans can look forward to a host of new missions for skilled outlaws involving everything from quick holdups to larger high state robberies for big rewards. Grand Theft Auto Online continues to expand and evolve. On May 27, Rockstar Games will release eight new stunt races, which will introduce an array of white-knuckled for racers in an assortment of vehicle classes. Fans of the futuristic Deadline Mode will be happy to have seven new arenas for combat coming soon. Survival mode will also expand to new locations throughout Los Santos and Blaine County. And later this summer, car culture will return to Los Santos in new ways in Grand Theft Auto Online's next major update, offering fans of performance and customization upgrades new opportunities to get together and show off their rides. This includes a new social space for car meets alongside new races and race types, new vehicles to acquire and a series of new vehicle themed multipart robbery missions. Notably, these major summer updates will continue to deliver additional surprises in the weeks and months after launch, including special benefits for players when the enhanced version of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online arrive on Gen nine consoles this November 11. Rockstar Games will have more details to share about these eagerly anticipated launches in the coming months. This year we will have two sports releases from our popular franchises. 2K and Visual Concepts are once again aiming to raise the bar for excellence with NBA 2K22, the latest offering in our industry-leading basketball simulation series. In addition to making the On-court action even more authentic, fans can look forward to new and fun ways to engage with various game modes. Additionally, WWE 2K22 will mark the rebirth of our popular wrestling series. During the broadcast of WrestleMania 37, 2K and Visual Concepts revealed the very first teaser video for the game, featuring both live action and stunning in-game footage of WWE Superstar Rey Mysterio, a high-flying Lucha Libre legend and one of the most exciting and decorated superstars in WWE history. The teaser also highlighted WWE 2K22's tagline, it hits different, which is reflective of both the new direction of the game, and its supporting marketing campaign. We're very excited about the team's fresh approach to the series. And last week our WWE 2K22 development team at Visual Concepts kicked off a social media campaign presently behind the scenes, sneak peaks of the game and developer diary videos. 2K will continue to unveil details in the coming months. 2K will also introduce two releases from new franchises this year including one from Gearbox. On June 24 Private Division will celebrate the tenth anniversary of the release of Kerbal Space Program. Private Division intends to mark the occasion with a week-long celebration including free content updates and more. This winter Private Division and Roll7 will release OlliOlli World digitally for consoles and PC. OlliOlli World marks a bold new direction for this critically acclaimed skateboarding franchise and is bursting with personality. Players slip and flow through Radlandia, a vibrant world of full color characters as they search for the mystical Skate God on their quest for Nirvana. Radlandia and its dwellers are charming weird and crafted with a unique art style. Players can enjoy the game's deep combo system and everything it has to offer, while pros can really prove their skills and master a vast number of moves with access to millions of unique levels in the game's sandbox mode. In addition players can also compete against similarly skilled rivals around the globe in player leagues. Fiscal 2022 will be a big year for mobile with 10 new free-to-play offerings including new titles from 2K, Social Point and PlayDots. We'll also have six iterations of previous release titles including enhanced versions of Grand Theft Auto V and the stand-alone version of Grand Theft Auto Online for Gen nine consoles available for free three months for PlayStation five players. Both of which will launch in the second half of this calendar year. Looking ahead, we expect to deliver over 40 titles across fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024 which gives us confidence in our ability to reach new record levels of operating results in the next few years. Our current expected pipeline for fiscal 2023 and '24 includes 19 immersive core releases, 7 of which are sports simulation games, 15 of these will be available for purchase, while 4 will be free-to-play. 5 independent titles which will all be available for purchase, 10 free-to-play mobile games, 4 mid-core games which will all be available purchase and 3 of which will be sports oriented and 3 new iterations of previously released titles which will all be available for purchase. It bears noting that these titles are a snapshot of our current development pipeline. It is likely that some of these titles will not be developed through completion or some may be delayed and we will also be adding new titles to our slate. In the coming months you'll start to see our titles come to market and we'll aim to share similar updates going forward when we provide our year-end results. In addition to our title releases we'll also continue to have significant long-term opportunity to increase engagement and recurrent consumer spending. Our focus on enhancing our data analytics is enabling us to deepen our understanding of our player base and how they prefer to interact with our games which is helping us to develop the most desirable products expansions and new content updates. Turning to eSports. The NBA 2K League will kick off its fourth season on May 19 and continue for 16 weeks. The 23 teams will play 28 regular season games with each team beginning the 2021 season playing remotely in its local market. For the first time, the NBA 2K League will be aligned into the Eastern and Western conferences games will be simulcast live on the NBA 2K League's Twitch and YouTube channels and will be available on Dash Radio, ES Revolution, Local in India and Sport1 in Europe. Additionally, the league recently announced a landmark multiyear partnership with Sony Interactive Entertainment that makes the PlayStation V, its official console that will be used by all teams and their 138 players doing all games and events. The partnership marks the first of its kind for PlayStation V with an eSports league and the first console partnership for the NBA 2K League. We remain very excited about the continued success and growth of the NBA 2K League which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company. In closing, we remain incredibly excited about the vast potential for our company to captivate and engage audiences around the world by delivering the very best entertainment experiences where they're broadening the reach of our portfolio through new platforms, business models and distribution channels, pursuing organic and inorganic growth opportunities and expanding into emerging markets, Take-Two is superbly positioned to capitalize on the many positive trends in our industry and to provide continued value and returns for our shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks Karl and good afternoon everyone. Today I'll discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 results and then review our financial outlook for the full year and first quarter of fiscal 2022. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. As Strauss mentioned, our strong momentum continued into the fourth quarter and we significantly exceeded our net bookings guidance for the fourth quarter and the year. I'd like to thank our talented colleagues around the world for their passion and dedication which has been inspiring especially given the challenges that COVID-19 has presented us with. Starting with our fourth quarter results. Total net bookings grew 8% to $785 million as compared to our outlook of $602 million to $652 million. These outstanding results marked our highest level of fourth quarter net bookings on record. During the period, recurrent consumer spending grew 17% and accounted for 67% of total net bookings, as compared to our outlook of 5% growth. Our outperformance was primarily due to the incredible performance of NBA 2K. Digitally-delivered net bookings grew 8% and accounted for 92% of the total. This result exceeded our outlook of a 10% decline, due to the outperformance of both recurrent consumer spending and digitally-delivered full game sales. During the fourth quarter, 74% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 63% last year. GAAP net revenue grew 10% to $839 million, while cost of goods sold decreased to $280 million, including a reversal of expense of $65 million related to forfeitures of previously granted stock awards. Operating expenses increased by 25% to $304 million, driven by higher marketing, research and development and IT expenses, as well as the addition of Playdots. And, GAAP net income grew 78% to $219 million or $1.88 per share, as compared to $123 million, or $1.07 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Turning to our fiscal 2021 results, total net bookings grew 19% to a new record of $3.55 billion. This exceeded our initial guidance by approximately $1 billion. We experienced exceptional engagement during the shelter-in-place conditions and delivered extraordinary results across many of our franchises, including NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption, Borderlands, Social Point’s mobile games, and Sid Meier’s Civilization. Recurrent consumer spending grew 48%, establishing a new record, and accounted for 63% of total net bookings. This exceeded our prior outlook of 45% growth. Digitally-delivered net bookings grew 27% to a new record of approximately $3.1 billion, and accounted for 87% of the total. This also exceeded our prior outlook of 20% growth due to better-than expected recurrent consumer spending and digitally-delivered full game sales. During fiscal 2021, 64% of console game sales were delivered digitally, up from 55% last year. Non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow was $920 million, as compared to our previous outlook of over $750 million, and marked a record level for our company. During fiscal 2021, we spent $69 million on capital expenditures. At fiscal year end, our cash and short-term investments balance exceeded $2.7 billion. GAAP net revenue grew 9% to $3.37 billion, while cost of goods sold was flat at $1.5 billion. Operating expenses increased by 8% to $1.2 billion, driven primarily by the addition of Playdots, higher headcount, IT, research and development expense and charitable contributions, partially offset by lower marketing expenses. And, GAAP net income grew 46% to $589 million, or $5.09 per share. Our GAAP net income benefited from a $40.6 million gain on the sale of a long-term investment and a reversal of expense of $70 million related to forfeitures of previously granted stock awards. Today, we gave our initial outlook for fiscal 2022. We -- net bookings to range from $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion, the second-highest level of net bookings in our company’s history. This is partly driven by the exciting pipeline of new releases that we have planned for the year, with the majority of our titles coming in the second half of fiscal 2022. Additionally, we expect that engagement trends will be notably higher than they were pre-pandemic; however, as the return to normalcy continues, we expect a moderation of the trends that benefitted our industry over the past year. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, as well as some of our new releases that are yet to be announced. We expect the Net Bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games, and 10% Private Division, Social Point and Playdots. And, we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% International. We expect recurrent consumer spending to decline by 15%, as a result of the challenging comparisons from last year. Recurrent consumer spending as a percentage of our business is expected to be approximately 59% versus 63% last year, due to more new releases this year. We project digitally-delivered net bookings to decline by about 8%. As a percentage of our business, digital is projected to represent 87%, which in line with last year. Our forecast assumes that 74% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 64% last year. We expect to generate more than $400 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $100 million for capital expenditures. The increase in capital expenditures over the prior year is primarily due to continued spending on studio and office build-outs, and IT expense to support our investment in talent. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $3.14 billion to $3.24 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.41 billion to $1.46 billion. Our total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.46 billion to $1.48 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 22% increase over the prior year. As Karl mentioned, we have over 60 titles that we plan to deliver over the next three years and we are making significant investments in key areas, such as marketing, personnel and IT to bring our pipeline to market. Additionally, we will have a full year of expenses for Playdots. While these investments will impact our operating results this year, we are confident that our growing pipeline will enable us to scale our business further and improve our margins in the next few years. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $228 million to $257 million, or $1.95 to $2.20 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% throughout fiscal 2022. Now moving on to our guidance for the fiscal first quarter. We project net bookings to range from $625 million to $675 million, as compared to $996 million in the first quarter last year, which was the first full quarter of the COVID-related shelter-in-place conditions when we experienced a strong initial surge in engagement. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K21, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Borderlands 3. We project recurrent consumer spending to decline by 30%, as we will start to compare against the record levels of engagement that we experienced in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. We also expect digitally delivered net bookings to decline by approximately 30%. Our forecast assumes that 80% of console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 71% in the same period last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $730 million to $780 million and cost of goods sold to range from $277 million to $303 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $316 million to $326 million. At the midpoint, this represents an 18% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher personnel and stock compensation expenses and the inclusion of Playdots. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $116 million to $129 million, or $1 to $1.10 per share. In closing, fiscal 2021 was a record year for our business and we believe that we can exceed these levels of financial results and establish new record levels of performance in the coming years. Our pipeline is robust and we couldn't be more excited about our new releases for fiscal 2022 and beyond. As we continue to enhance our business by investing in talent, including growing our development headcount and building our infrastructure, we are positioning our company for long-term growth and success, and we expect to deliver sustainable profitable growth for our shareholders. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you, Lainie. We will now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Ng: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I just have two. First, I was just wondering if you could offer some thoughts about opportunities you see in user-generated content, creator economies, low code and no code game development. Put simply, with the success of platforms like Roblox that pay independent developers, do you see an opportunity for some of your games to go down that avenue? And then, second, now that we have the release date for the expanded and enhanced version of GTA V and GTA Online, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about whether or not you'd expect this to usher in the next seven-year cycle for GTA Online content updates and RCS growth, or is the scope more narrow than that? Thank you very much.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your questions. You're right. There's an awful lot of interesting things going on in the world of user-generated content and there have been for some time. And we're open-minded and we want to support the community. At the same time, it's terribly important that we and others protect our intellectual property. So that's the rub. The rub is to find a way to engage consumers on the one hand and enable them to express their interest and even their creative desires in the context of our properties. And there are numerous ways to go about that. And I believe we will explore many of those ways, again, in the context of protecting our intellectual property. With regards to Grand Theft Auto, it may shock you to learn that I'm probably not going to comment much on content to come from Rockstar Games. We're so grateful for the extraordinary results that we've had with all Rockstar titles. And in fact, all titles coming from throughout the organization. Grand Theft Auto Online set another record past fiscal year. We sold in over 145 million. So we're very optimistic about what there is to come, including more content. And stay tuned, because Rockstar Games will be talking more about that in the future.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you for the thoughts, Strauss.
Operator: And our next question is from Mario Lu with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Mario Lu: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I have one on the full year guide and one on GTA. So the first one on the full year guide, the bookings number when I compare it to fiscal 2019 and 2020 is much higher than what you reported, but non-GAAP EPS guidance is well below those at less than $4. So just hoping if you could help provide any additional color to kind of bridge the booking strength to the EPS guidance. I know you mentioned investments in creative talent and IT, but any additional commentary would be helpful?
Lainie Goldstein: It's really what I said in my prepared remarks, it's really coming from the operating expense increases, and those are really being driven by our investment in marketing personnel and IT. Specifically about 55% of the increase in the expenses is coming from increases in direct marketing for our titles. So we're really investing in marketing our new titles this year and also marketing for our fiscal 2023 titles as well.
Mario Lu: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Lainie. And then just a clarification question on GTA. Excited to play the enhanced version on November 11. So just curious if the exclusion of the PC version simply means there's no additional purchase to play that version, or is it just coming at a later date? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: We haven't announced anything about a changed PC version.
Mario Lu: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks guys. Maybe two quick ones. On the Private Division, Outer World's Peril on Gorgon came in February on Switch and then Murder on Eridanos released in the middle of March on the consoles and PCs. It's coming later on Switch. How are you feeling about -- and it released in Steam I think in October. So wondering how you're thinking of that particular franchise and in general, how you feel about the breadth and progress with all the studios you have in private label?
Karl Slatoff: Obviously we're incredibly pleased with Outer Worlds and everything that it's brought. It was -- I can't say that it was a complete surprise out of the gate, but it was certainly was something pleasant for us and a little bit unexpected. The downloadable content has been really very well received and we think the franchise is in outstanding shape at this point. And we will be participating in the franchise and whatever the future holds for that franchise. So we feel really good about it. And we think that it's still building audience and this game itself has a lot of life left in it. And in the future -- we'll see what the future holds for it. But we do think it's a long-term franchise and it is certainly something that we're pleased with the results. In terms of Private Division, we really couldn't be more pleased with the way Private Division is going. As Strauss said, we've already had three titles that have sold in excess of one million units each, which is unusual for independent releases. We have a lot of titles in process. We've got one coming up this year with OlliOlli World. There are a lot of other deals in the pipeline. We've talked about some of them most of them we have not talked about yet and they're varied. There are different scales, different sizes, different shapes, different kinds of experiences which make makes them very exciting. That team is growing, not only from a creative talent perspective in support of Kerbal Space Program, but also from a marketing and publishing perspective. So we expect the best is yet to come from Private Division and we love how we're positioned right now.
Brian Fitzgerald: Awesome. Thanks, Karl.
Operator: And our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Thornton: Hey, good afternoon, Strauss, Karl and Lainie. The comment around sequential growth in fiscal 2023 and the next few years and establishing new records I thought was pretty interesting and sounded very confident for a team that I usually think of as being pretty conservative. So I thought that was very interesting. In that context, can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the pipeline given kind of the prolonged stay-at-home COVID impact, tight labor market. Curious just to see how you think you're kind of progressing against those headwinds? Secondly, and somewhat related also just curious your appetite around M&A at this point and just $2.7 billion on the balance sheet at this point, just how that opportunity landscape maybe looks now versus three or six or nine months ago? And then just finally, a quick one on console shortages or tightness this year. I'm just kind of thinking about how impactful that was to your outlook for fiscal 2022 or not. Any color there would be great. Thanks guys.
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks for your three questions. In terms of how we're doing despite the pandemic, look the team has just performed so well. We were very fortunate. Our IT group had us fully prepared for a disaster and we could never predict the pandemic, but a week after we had to start working from home, we were all set up remotely and we were highly productive and we stayed highly productive ever since. We had virtually no slippage. The only title that actually moved as a result of the pandemic was Kerbal Space Program 2 which moved out of this fiscal year and we're super excited about that title and it will be coming. The rest of our production stayed on target and the quality has been amazing as you've seen in our results. We are highly confident in our pipeline going forward. As Karl said though the price that we pay for being as transparent about our future pipeline is that certain things will change. We hope that certain things will change to the good, certain things may also disappoint us. At this point in time, we feel very good about the way our production is unfolding and we don't see any concerns on the horizon. With regard to M&A our strategy remains the same. We have a very strong balance sheet. We have the ability to do everything from modest add-on acquisitions. For example, we acquired HB Studios. Two more substantial acquisitions such as the acquisition of Playdots last calendar year, and prior to that the acquisition of Social Point. There's no secret in that we wish to bulk up our mobile offerings. We're certainly trying to do that organically. We have many titles coming from mobile from Social Point and Playdots and 2K. And at the same time, we're open-minded with regard to acquisitions. Our lens is pretty disciplined. And the result of that disciplined lens is that in 14-years we haven't had one failed acquisition. I'm sure we've also missed some opportunities by being overly disciplined. But on balance it's worked out well for us. Our capital is used for three purposes; returning capital to our shareholders, which we've aggressively done over many years although opportunistically supporting organic growth which is our story around here and allowing us to pursue inorganic growth opportunities on a selective and disciplined basis. And I think that will continue to be the case. Finally with regard to console shortages there's no doubt that supply chains were disrupted in the pandemic. They still remain disruptive. There is a chip shortage. But it's, sort of, a good news bad news thing. The bad news I suppose is that you can't get a console for lower money. The good news is that people really want these new consoles. We had a limited selection of releases for Next Gen, NBA 2K21, which is built from the ground up for Next Gen and Borderlands 3. We have obviously many more titles coming in the future. We think the supply shortages will be resolved and consumers would be able to buy their dream console. So overtime, we're not worried about it and it didn't really hurt us short term either.
Operator: And our next question is from Gerrick Johnson BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerrick Johnson: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. I just want to dig into the marketing spend in the quarter a little bit more up to 30%. It's the highest it's ever been in the fourth quarter with really no major releases coming. So what comprised that? And then a second question on the pipeline update. Just to be clear immersive core versus mid-core et cetera, can you just give us an example of what a mid-core game you have in your portfolio is now so we know how -- what that would look like in the future? Thank you.
Lainie Goldstein: So the marketing in Q4 and into next year it's really to support the pipeline of titles that we talked about. It's for our recurrent consumer spending titles and also for our titles going into next year. So we're looking at our head count and the -- a need for our teams to really look at our pipeline in the future. It's become more and more important for us to have the right support around the current titles that are out and the titles -- because it's not just titles that are coming out and releasing they're being supported all throughout their life cycle now. So it's a very different type of marketing than it was in the past where we would just market on release. Now the titles are being marketed all throughout their life cycle. So you'll probably see higher marketing going forward.
Gerrick Johnson: Understood. That makes sense. Thank you.
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of just, sort of, some examples around what immersive core versus mid-core would be. I'll start with the mid-core. The mid-core will be something like the WWE 2K Battlegrounds would be a good example of a mid-core game. In terms of immersive core that really is a little more varied, but we do look at it as games that have highly engaging gameplay. People who spend hours and hours and hours at it at a time. So these would be examples things like obviously Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption Borderlands, but also things like our strategy games from Firaxis and also of our sports simulations.
Gerrick Johnson: Perfect. Thanks, Karl.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Creutz with Cowen & and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Creutz: Hi. Thanks. It's been interesting if you look at Twitch viewership of Grand Theft Auto over the last several months it's really exploded. It's now the most viewed game on Twitch by I think a factor of two over League of Legends. Is this something that the Rockstar teams have been leaning into at all? Has it sort of sparked any discussions about what Grand Theft Auto Online might become or thoughts about maybe the next iteration of it? Because it is a very interesting trend. Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, unfortunately to answer the question implies some information that we haven't provided and don't expect to provide any time soon. That said, we're gratified by exactly what you talked about which is how popular Grand Theft Auto is on Twitch. We think the Twitch platform is amazing and it's a reflection of the popularity of the title. And Rockstar has said they'll continue to support Grand Theft Online with more content to come.
Doug Creutz: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Crum: Okay, sir. Thanks. Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Wondered if you'd be willing to discuss your expectations for the GTA 5 franchise in fiscal '22. You typically say this is going to be the year that it declines and you're also lapping looks to be about 15 million units of the full game, but you also have some new content later in the year. So a number of puts and takes here where does that net out? And then separately, Strauss you noted that you've added 700 new developers over the last year. You've turned your investment and creative talent for fiscal '22 is significant. On an organic basis should we assume an uptick in fiscal '22? And I know in the past you guys have noted the scarcity of quality developers. Has that dynamic changed, or is it changing where the labor market is more favorable and conducive to accelerating hiring, or is it more where you are in your content cycle? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick:  Yes. Thank you for your question. There is more content coming for Grand Theft Auto Online. And at the same time as we have said in the past, we do expect recurrent consumer spending to moderate in the year. And we'll see how that unfolds. Title has been around for a very long time. And at some time generally speaking, there is moderation. We've been so fortunate to have had another record year this past year, but it was an awfully unusual year.
Karl Slatoff:  And in terms of development capacity, we have been investing for years in our development capacity and both from organic hires and also through acquisition. And we fully expect that that will continue into the future. And it is our plan. We have it baked into our plan to bring on more developers. And again we have -- you're right. Labor markets do get -- they do tighten up. These folks are highly sought after. But we have a really strong track record of attracting and retaining the best talent in the industry. And part of that reason is because we provide a creative environment where these folks can flourish. And then we compensate them well in success and we align that conversation with our shareholders. And we think that's a recipe that works really, really well. And people love coming to take to across all of our labels because that culture permeates the entire organization. So it is tough to hire and retain key talent. But that is what we do. And that's the most important strategic advantage I think that we have as a company and that's where we focus.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Nowak:  Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask just about marketing a little bit and landing maybe go back to one of your earlier answers. So the first one is on, now that you've brought on so many new users in the ecosystem throughout shelter-in. I'd be curious to hear about learnings you've had of how you're going to have higher marketing efficiency from all the user data and ways in which you've actually exposed more people to your brands and to your great games? Then the second one just to sort of go back to that comment you made about 55% of OpEx being tied to marketing, more recurring marketing spend for the titles. So are you saying that you think the marketing intensity for your games is actually going to go up going forward, or are you more saying that you're spending ahead of new releases to kind of bring new users? And what are you sort of intimating about higher spend even with older games?
Karl Slatoff:  So I'll take the first part. You're right, there are a ton more users in our ecosystem and that's just -- and not only just a number of users, but they're more engaged. So every time somebody is engaging with one of our games, we've got more data points. And the more data points that we have, the more information that we have to know what consumers want, when they want it, what kind of offers are going to make sense for them, when -- to make sure that we give the consumer exactly what they're looking for. So the bigger that database and the stronger analytics capabilities get and we've invested significantly in those kinds of resources not just tech, but also human beings. People who really -- data scientists who know how to analyze this data. And we -- in my opinion, we're just scratching the surface. We're pretty good at it, but I think there's a lot of room for us to get a lot better. And the bigger that database gets and the more information we get and the more we invest, it has just been returning our investment tenfold. So we expect that to continue this year and well into the future.
Lainie Goldstein: And when it comes to what I was saying about the 55% of the increase of the OpEx this year was for direct marketing that's because we have a lot of new releases in this year. So when we have new releases, we tend to have big campaigns around the newer releases. So since we have more new releases this year that's why we would have more marketing this year. And our marketing is very efficient around our titles. We also have a lot of marketing around our mobile titles. So we have a big portfolio of mobile titles as well and mobile titles coming out. So that's also been driving our marketing spend as well.
Brian Nowak: Perfect. Very clear. Thank you, this is mobile. Thank you very much for that.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon. Thank you for the question. Wondering if you just could drill down on your mobile business a little bit, since it is the fastest-growing segment within -- in the community space. I'm curious is all your mobile development currently within PlayDots and Social Point, or do you have studios within Rockstar and 2K that are also working on the mobile -- on their own mobile games?
Strauss Zelnick:  We have work going on throughout the organization. Obviously, Social Point and PlayDots are dedicated to mobile experiences both mid-core and casual. We have some mobile titles at 2K as well. In fact, one of our biggest titles is their WWE SuperCard and we have ongoing development throughout, some of which is announced, some of which is not yet.
Eric Handler: Okay. And just as a follow-up, the term metaverse has been used a lot in the last three to five months or so. And when you think about all of the people that are playing GTA Online and GTA V, but also Red Dead Online. How are you thinking five years plus down the road in aggregating this pool of players and thinking about how you can create a bigger type of platform experience for them?
Strauss Zelnick: We're going to create bigger experiences by encouraging our creative folks as always to pursue their passions and to always think of that thing that no one thought of before, which is why our strategy is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the entertainment business. I'm always allergic to buzzwords. The buzzword of virtual reality didn't get this industry very far. AR has not really improved matters, either 3D hasn't really done much for us. What moves the dial in our business is amazing creativity, great characters, great stories, great graphics, great gameplay, the ability to enjoy those experiences with other people all around the world. That's what really matters. I think what the metaverse implies is what we already do with Grand Theft Auto Online and with what Red Dead Online what we do with NBA 2K, and what we aim to do with some upcoming titles an opportunity to exist in that fictional world and express yourself in ways that are challenging, fun, competitive and new and find ourselves in places doing things that we can't really do usually in the real world. I think that's what it means. I think when you get into conversations around -- are people going to do conference calls in titles? Well, the answer is they can now. But who -- we're not -- like we could, I guess do this conference call inside one of our titles, but it's a bit more efficient to do it this way. So the problem I have is that if you take metaverse SPAC and cryptocurrency put them all together in five years will any of this matter? I'm not sure it will.
Eric Handler: Thanks Strauss.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is with Benjamin Black with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Black: Great. Thank you for the question. I just have one on Apple Arcade. Curious to hear your takeaway so far on NBA 2K21, has it had positive implications for game sales elsewhere on the platforms. I know you, obviously, support many platforms, but how do you frame the opportunity set for potentially publishing more gains on Arcade? Thank you.
Karl Slatoff: Yeah. As I said in my remarks, we're very happy how NBA is doing on Apple Arcade. It's the most popular game on the service right now. So we can't ask for anything more than that. It's still pretty early ultimately. So is it having a huge impact on selling games across other platforms, hard to tell at this point. Do we think that that certainly is a possibility? I think absolutely because every time you get people exposed to the game through new platforms or platforms where they otherwise may not have exposure to it that's a positive thing from a marketing perspective. So stay tuned on that.
Benjamin Black: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Ju: Thank you. So Strauss, I think, I heard Lainie say that I think the forward guidance parameter is baked in, I think 80% of sales of gains I think coming from download. So now that brick-and-mortar retail has completely de-indexed as a relative contributor to your business over the last console cycle. I remember when it was agreeing to have it be greater than 50% and match where the PC industry is today in terms of the mix. So do you think this opens up the possibility for you to be more experimental with your pricing, particularly for those titles outside the core Rockstar and the 2K property, especially as you think about expanding potential audience, particularly now that there is really a greater ability to monetize those users with recurrent consumer spend? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: I think it's a really excellent point, and I think you're right. There is a bit more flexibility when you can move quickly and you don't have to worry about stock that you shipped in or price protection for example, which can be costly. Undoubtedly we can move more -- with more agility in terms of promotions, so I think there's a benefit. But of course that benefit is swamped by the simple benefit that our margins are much higher with regard to digital distribution and physical. That's the big difference. And I think the other difference, which we haven't really talked about, but it was obviously something that's going on in the market right now is we expect that the cost of distribution will decline for any number of reasons and that also will go directly to the bottom line.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Andrew Marok with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Marok: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So with another great quarter in NBA 2K in the fourth quarter and as the pandemic engagement surge starts to level out a bit, and pardon me for mixing my sports metaphors here. But what inning are we in for monetization of the existing NBA player base? And how much of the franchise's growth, comes from audience expansion? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks for the question. We get that question a lot. And it's tough to answer because every time, our perspective seems to change. My answer is, I feel like, we're in the early innings. I'm not going to give you an exact inning. We're certainly not in the seventh inning stretch. And we're not in the first inning. It's somewhere in between. But I do think like, I mentioned before, our analytics capabilities are getting much more sophisticated. And not to mention, we do have -- we have a lot of modes, in our NBA game. And we have different ways for people to engage. And therefore, we have different ways for it to monetize in those modes. And just getting people to play, people more deeply engage in the game and play across those modes, there's a lot of opportunity right there in and of itself. So we're not just stuck to one type of monetization for card packs, et cetera like that. We've got a lot of other opportunities. So that and also the fact that, we've still got a long way to go in terms of mastering our analytics capabilities, makes me believe we're pretty early.
Andrew Marok: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Hickey: Thanks, Strauss, Karl, Lainie and Nicole thanks for taking my question guys and congratulations on a great quarter. Strauss just curious this maybe sensitive, but wondering on your view on sort of the Epic Apple Live debate on revenue share. And if you think that, this could encourage maybe structural teams into digital stores mobile and console, when you think about revenue share and competition similar to what we've seen on PC?
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. I think I alluded to that, in my last remark Mike. So I think we're on the same wavelength. I do believe that, distribution costs will decline. Of course, I can't opine, specifically, on that action, because I don't have any particular insight. However, between regulatory authorities investigations and private concerns clearly take rates are being examined. But at the end of the day, it's the economy that governs. And we are in a broadly competitive distribution environment. And the goal of this organization has always been and remains be, where the consumer is, which means we'll employ, a broad array of distribution platforms including our own direct-to-consumer platform. And what that means overtime is, it's going to be hard to have a take rate for distributors that is economically too high. That leads to an unstable system. And that's what you're seeing now in my opinion. I think this will be resolved relatively soon. And it will be resolved in a favorable way. And I think that take rates will decline meaningfully. And that will of course benefit us. It's not in any of our guidance, but it is in my expectations. Of course, we don't organize the company around my expectations. But you asked my opinion. And so I shared it.
Mike Hickey: Okay. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Operator: And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'll now turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Strauss Zelnick, for closing remarks.
Strauss Zelnick: First of all, I want to thank all of our colleagues, all around the world, nearly 7,000 people for these amazing results. Imagine, if you will, the extraordinary work and commitment it has taken to deliver in these difficult times. And our team has just been stellar and has been smiling the whole time, despite the challenges and the privations. And in certain instances, tragedies as well which I know many of you have had also. So thank you, from the bottom of our collective hearts. And at the same time, we're so optimistic going forward. We're in a better place, than we've ever been in before. And we're in a pretty good place now. We're incredibly excited about the upcoming products. We work in an organization, where we love to show up every day. And we're blessed, to be able to do so, with great colleagues all around the world. So thank you, to our colleagues. Thank you, to our shareholders for your support. And thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Take-Two Q3 Fiscal Year ‘21 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Nicole Shevins Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you, Nicole. You may begin.
Nicole Shevins: Good afternoon. I recently joined Take-Two and I’d like to thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 ended December 31, of 2020. I’m thrilled to the team and look forward to working with all of you. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: I’d like to welcome Nicole to our team. And I am confident that she will enhance our investor relations efforts going forward. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to acknowledge those who have been and continue to be affected by the global pandemic. No words can bring comfort to those who have suffered. However, we do remain hopeful that better days lie ahead and that we all may return to an enjoy our lives as we once did. We remain immensely grateful to frontline workers who are caring selflessly for those in need ensuring the vaccines are being delivered and administered and helping the world navigate further in these troubling times. Turning to Take-Two, due to an incredibly strong holiday season coupled with our ability to provide consistently the highest quality entertainment experiences, especially as many individuals continued to shelter home Take-Two delivered operating results that significantly exceeded our expectations. The outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online, Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K, the Mafia Definitive Editions and Mafia Trilogy and Red Dead Redemption 2 reflects our development team’s boundless passion, creativity and commitment to captivate and engage audiences. In the history of the entertainment industry, there's perhaps no experience that's more loved, more expansive, more critically acclaimed and more successful than Rockstar Games Grand Theft Auto. Grand Theft Auto V remains one of the most iconic titles ever released and continues to exceed our expectations, having sold in over 140 million units. In fact, in calendar 2020, more copies of Grand Theft Auto V were sold than in any other year except for 2013 when it first launched on PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. In addition, recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online outperformed our third quarter forecast and grew 28% year-over-year. In December, Rockstar Games released Grand Theft Auto Online’s biggest update to-date, The Cayo Perico Heist, featuring a radical new approach to Heist design, as well as a new tropical island to explore The Cayo Perico Heist is an all new Grand Theft Auto Online adventure in which players can choose to take on a Heist with a crew of up to four or for the first time plan, prepare and execute the daring Island Heist all on their own. Notably, more than 50% of those playing The Cayo Perico Heist are engaging with this as a new single player experience. Cayo Perico Heist also introduces an array of exciting new weapons and vehicles, a new virtual nightclub and social space for players to get together and experience the world's best DJs plus a host of updates across the entire world. In addition, overall engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online continues to set new benchmarks as the title had more players in every month and for the entirety of calendar 2020 than in any other year since its launch. 2020 also marked Grand Theft Auto Online highest participation rate ever by both new players and reactivated players who returned to experience Rockstar Games array of new content offerings. Grand Theft Auto Online is expected to achieve a new net bookings record in fiscal 2021. Red Dead Redemption 2 also outperformed and to-date has sold in over 36 million units worldwide. In December, Rockstar Games released a standalone version of Red Dead Online on PlayStation 4, Xbox 1 and PC that for the first time allows new players who do not already own Red Dead Redemption 2 to experience everything Red Dead Online has to offer, including access to all future content updates. Players also have the option to unlock Red Dead Redemption 2 story mode via an array via an additional purchase. In addition, during the quarter, Rockstar Games released an array of content updates for Red Dead Online including new legendary animals and sightings missions for the naturalist role action pack new missions for the Bounty Hunter Role with the addition of the prestigious Bounty Hunter license, plus Outlaw Pass No. 4 and an assortment of new clothing, weapons enhancements and more. As a result of these offerings, engagement with Red Dead Online reached new heights and there were more players including more new players in the month of December than in any other month since its beta launch in 2018. In addition, Red Dead Online grew its audience and had more overall players in calendar 2020 than 2019. Rockstar Games will continue to support both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online with more content updates to our calendar 2021 to keep new and returning players excited and engaged. Another beloved franchise that's both a perennial favorite among consumers and an integral contributor to our ongoing success is NBA 2K from 2K and Visual Concepts. Renowned for being our industry's leading basketball simulation series each year NBA 2K continues to reinvent how people experience basketball and its rich culture and influence. NBA 2K21 once again raised the bar for the series and was our first offering that was built from the ground up for next generation consoles. The title boasts groundbreaking technological advancements, new modes and many exclusive robust features. To-date, NBA 2K21 has exceeded our expectations and is sold in over 8 million units across all platforms. In addition, during the third quarter net bookings for the NBA 2K series grew 48% and recurrent consumer spending significantly exceeded our expectations growing 67%. Furthermore, consumer engagement with NBA 2K remains incredibly strong across daily active users, my career users and my team users. Moreover, NBA 2K21 users have been more deeply engaged with the game with average games played per user up 14% as compared to NBA 2K20 in the same period. During the quarter 2K expanded further the breadth of its NBA 2K offerings with the releases of NBA’s SuperCard and NBA 2K Mobile Season 3 for iOS and Android devices. During the third quarter, 2K bolstered our initial offerings for PlayStation 5 and Xbox series X with our beloved shooter looter titled Borderlands 3. The title was fully optimized for next generation consoles, making mayhem bigger and bolder than ever before. All players who own or purchase the game of prior consoles will be able to download the new platform upgrade within the same console family for free. This free upgrade will add several exclusive features including 4K resolution at 60 frames per second in single player and online co-op plus support for three and four players split screen co-op. Borderlands 3 is launched for next generation platforms it was well received and we've seen the games user base grow steadily. 2K is supporting the title within game events and new content including the release of the Designer’s Cut, which is the first of two offerings as part of the Season Pass 2 for all versions of the game. Our third quarter results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings led by the Mafia Definitive Editions and Mafia Trilogy, the WWE series, Sid Meier’s Civilization VI and PGA TOUR 2K21. Driving engagement with our titles after initial launch remains among our most important long-term growth and margin opportunities and is a key strategic priority of our organization. We now support virtually all our new releases with innovative offerings to achieve this goal. That said, we're highly mindful that first and foremost, we're an entertainment company and we're in the service of our audience. We strive to give consumers more of what they love and the ability to stay captivated and engaged within their favorite experiences and passionate communities. To that end, during the third quarter, we released an array of free and paid add-on content for our popular hit releases, including Kerbal Space Program PGA TOUR 2K21, Sid Meier’s Civilization VI and WWE 2K Battlegrounds. During the third quarter recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations growing 30% which was double our original outlook and accounted for 58% of net bookings. In addition to NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online the recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by the following offerings. Social Point’s live games including Dragon City, Monster Legends, World Life, World Chef and Tasty Town outperformed during the third quarter and exceeded our expectations. Live games delivered new fresh content events and experiences to boost engagement and enhance players’ enjoyment and net bookings grew 39%. The studio continues to invest in its broad and innovative pipeline of new games planned for launch in the coming years. Playdots completed the rollout of their biggest feature update of the year for their popular Two Dots title including competitive leaderboards. This update played a key role in driving average revenue per daily active user up 12% as compared with the second quarter of fiscal ‘21. Two Dots is now experiencing its highest player conversion rate ever. As a result of these new and expanded live ops features, which continue to perform very well. We expect Playdots to be a significant contributor to our results and expect growth over the long-term. WWE SuperCard also outperformed during the third quarter growing 16%. During the period 2K launch Season 7 of this popular free-to-play sports entertainment mobile game. The title has now been downloaded more than 22 million times and remains 2K’s highest grossing mobile title. And NBA 2K Online in China grew 49% and remains a significant contributor to our results. The title is the number one PC online sports game in China with more than 51 million registered users. Add-on content grew [8%] and outperformed expectations led by offerings for the Borderlands series and Sid Meier’s Civilization VI. As a result of our better than expected third quarter performance and increased forecasts for the remainder of the year, we're once again raising our outlook for fiscal year 2021. And we expect to achieve record net bookings of $3.37 billion to $3.42 billion. In closing, Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to capitalize further on the positive trends of our industry to pursue our core mission to become the most innovative, creative and efficient entertainment company in the world and to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over the long-term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by recognizing the ongoing work of our teams around the world and continue to deliver incredible results that are a testament to this unwavering commitment to quality, our deeply rooted culture of collaboration and the singular drive to achieve our goals. Our unique ability to captivate and engage audiences has never been more evident nor more important than in these challenging times. And we remain immensely grateful to our player communities for making our games part of their lives. I’ll now discuss our recent and upcoming releases. On January 27, 2K released the fourth roster update for WWE 2K Battlegrounds, which adds to the games outrageous in and out of the ring action. The update, which features many popular superstars and legends including China, Mark Henry, Christian and more. On Wednesday 2K will release the fifth update that will feature even more fan favorites and we will share details shortly. On January 28, 2K and Firaxis Games released the Vietnam & Kublai Khan Pack for Sid Meier's Civilization VI as part of the new frontier paths for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and PC. Each pack in the past features new civilizations and leaders and is also available for individual purchase. The Final Frontier Pass pack will be released next month and 2K will have more to share about that in the coming weeks. In addition, last week, private division launched their beloved space simulation Kerbal Space Program on Tencent's WeGame platform in China. We are very pleased to build upon our successful partnership with Tencent and believe that releasing Kerbal Space Program on WeGame represents a great opportunity to expand the global community and bolster our offerings in China. On February 10, Private Division and Obsidian Entertainment will release The Outer Worlds: Peril on Gorgon, the first narrative-led expansion for the critically acclaimed darkly humorous sci-fi RPG for the Nintendo Switch. The expansion was released previously for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC and it's available individually or at a discount as part of The Outer Worlds Expansion Pass, which will also include the Outer Worlds Murder on Eridanos, the second expansion set to launch on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC this fiscal year and on Nintendo Switch in calendar 2021. This spring 3K will release the Director's Cut the new add-on content for Season Pass 2 for Borderlands 3 that will be available for all released versions of the game. The Director's Cut add-on will include new missions and game content and behind the scenes extras. On behalf of our team, I would like to congratulate Gearbox Software on their recently announced merger with Embracer. This marks an exciting new chapter in the studio's history. And we look forward to continuing our successful partnership with Gearbox, including the long-term publishing relationship for the Borderlands franchise going forward and some unannounced projects that will be revealed over time. Throughout the year, Rockstar Games will continue to support both Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead online with more content updates to keep new and returning players excited and engaged. In addition, during the second half of calendar 2021, Rockstar Games will bring the blockbuster hit Grand Theft Auto V to the latest generation of consoles. The new version will feature a range of technical improvements, visual upgrades and performance enhancements to take full advantage of the latest hardware making the game more beautiful and more responsive than ever. For the expanded community of Grand Theft Auto Online, the journey through this ever evolving world will continue on the latest generation consoles with additional new updates including content that is exclusive to the new consoles and PC. There will also be a new standalone version of Grand Theft Auto Online coming in the second half of calendar 2021 which will be available for free exclusively on PlayStation 5 during the first three months. Rockstar Games will share more details on the new versions of Grand Theft Auto V in the months ahead. Turning to eSports, the NBA 2K league is gearing up for its fourth season that will take place later this year. After a series of Pro Game tournament and they first of its kind league combined during the fall, the league is currently prepping for this year's upcoming player draft. As part of the league's continued commitment to identifying the best players in the world this offseason, the league is hosting a series of online qualifying events for international players and will award draft eligibility to top performers from each event. In addition, I'm pleased to share that for the second consecutive year, the NBA 2K league was given top honors at the Tempus awards as part of the Annual eSports Business Summit. I'd like to congratulate League President Brendan Donohue and his team on these honors. We remain very excited about the continued success and growth of the NBA 2K league which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement to be a driver of profits for a company. Looking ahead, our organization is currently undertaking numerous initiatives that we believe will add scale to our business and drive continued success. As an entertainment company, our Life World is our world renowned creative talent and portfolio of owned intellectual property. With nearly 4,900 colleagues around the world in our development studios that are home to some of the most commercially and critically successful brands in our industry. We are significantly expanding the breadth and depth of our offerings, and currently have the largest most diverse long-term product pipeline in our history. While we are excited by the potential of these future releases, we are still pursuing our goal of creating a more consistent release schedule and increasing our development capacity. To that end, we continually explore both organic and inorganic opportunities and maintain a highly disciplined approach to ensure that our investments will be accretive to our shareholders and consistent with our strategy. In addition, we have always maintained a willingness to explore and experiment with new markets and business models that can both expand the reach of our content and broaden the scope of our audience. We are investing prudently to enhance our global infrastructure and resources that support our creative endeavors, including data analytics and endgame engagement with players. Through all these efforts, we believe that Take-Two is poised to generate growth and margin expansion over the long-term. I'll now turn the call over Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl. And good afternoon, everyone. Today I’ll discuss our third quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlets are contained in our press release. Net bookings were $814 million this results exceeded our outlook of $675 million to $725 million, driven primarily by the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, the Mafia Definitive Edition and Mafia Trilogy, NBA 2K and Red Dead Redemption 2. Digitally delivered net bookings declined by 4% as compared to our outlook of a 15% decline and accounted for 82% of the total. This has also exceeded our outlook primarily due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending. Our third quarter results last year benefited from the launches of Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC and the Outer World. During the third quarter 56% of sales of console games were delivered digitally up from 44% last year. Recurrent consumer spending grew 30% as compared to our outlook of 5% growth and accounted for 58% of total net bookings. This growth was driven primarily by Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K. GAAP net revenue was $861 million and cost of goods sold was $346 million. Operating expenses increased by 7% to $339 million due primarily to the addition of Playdots, higher personnel costs and IT expenses partially offset by lower marketing expenses. And GAAP net income grew 11% to $182 million or $1.57 per share as compared to $164 million or $1.43 per share in the third quarter last year. Our GAAP net income benefited from $40.6 million of realized and unrealized gains on a long-term investment. We ended the quarter with $2.42 billion of cash into our term investments. Not Included in this balance is the cash portion of our offer to acquire Codemasters which was included in restricted cash. As this amount not been considered still restricted as of December 31, our cash and short-term investments for this quarter end would have been $2.7 billion. As of January 13, 2021, the offer lapsed and the cash was no longer restricted. Now to our guidance, starting with the fiscal fourth quarter, we projected net bookings to range from $602 million to $652 million compared to $729 million in the fourth quarter last year. Last year's fourth quarter benefited from the recognition of higher license fees from Digital Partners to provide free downloads of certain games on their platform and from the launch of Borderlands 3 and [it’s team] this decline is also due to the initial surge in digital downloads at the onset of shelter at home orders in March 2020. We expect digitally delivered net bookings to be down approximately 10%. Digital is projected to represent 93% of total net bookings which is in line with last year. Forecast assumes that 73% of console game sales will be delivered digitally up from 63% last year. The current consumer spending to be up approximately 5% due to continued engagement in our titles. Virtual currency is driving this increase and is partially offset by lower add-on content due to last year launch of the [indiscernible] for Borderlands 3. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K21, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Social points mobile games, Two Dots, Borderlands 3 and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $702 million to $752 million and cost of goods sold to range from $267 million to $293 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $316 million to $326 million. As at the midpoint this represents a 32% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher marketing and research and development expenses and the addition of Playdots. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $102 million to $113 million or $0.88 to $0.98 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% throughout fiscal 2021. We are again increasing our full year outlook which now includes record net bookings and operating results. This will be the fifth consecutive year that these two metrics have grown. Our net bookings outlook range is now $3.37 billion to $3.42 billion, up from our previous guidance of $3.15 billion to $3.25 billion and original guidance of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion. This is being driven by our third quarter outperformance along with an updated forecast for the fourth quarter, which has improved primarily due to higher recurrent consumer spending from Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K as well as strong performance from Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption 2. We expect growth from the prior year from NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V and Social Point’s mobile games to be offset primarily by lower results from Borderlands 3. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Social Point’s mobile games, Borderlands 3 Sid Meier’s Civilization VI, the Mafia Definitive Edition and Mafia Trilogy and PGA TOUR 2K21. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division, Social Point and Playdots. And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% International. We now project digitally delivered net bookings to increase by approximately 20% as compared to our prior outlook of 15% growth. As a percentage of our business digital projected to represent 87% of net bookings from 82% last year. A forecast assumes that 63% of console game sales will be delivered digitally up from 55% last year. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 45% as compared to our prior outlook of 30% growth and represent approximately 64% of net bookings as compared to 51% last year. Growth is being driven primarily by NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, the Addition of Playdots and Social Point’s mobile games. We are increasing our non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow outlet to more than $750 million up from our prior outlets of more than $650 million. We've planned to deploy approximately $75 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $3.24 billion to $3.29 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.52 billion to $1.55 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.22 billion to $1.23 billion. The midpoint this represents a 9% increase over the prior year driven by the addition to Playdots higher headcount, IT, research and development expense and charitable contributions, partially offset by lower marketing expenses. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $472 million to $484 million or $4.08 to $4.18 per share. In closing, we are very pleased with the ongoing momentum that we have experienced so far in fiscal 2021, including our expectations to deliver both record net bookings and operating results for the full year. We remain extremely confident in our long-term growth trajectory and our ability to deliver shareholder value driven by our key competitive advantages, our incredible portfolio of creative assets, our strong fundamentals and healthy balance sheet and of course our industry leading talent. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back this Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work, commitment to excellence and for delivering another outstanding quarter. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] One moment please while we pull for questions. Thank you. Our first question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Mario Lu: Great, thanks for taking the question. So I have one high level strategy M&A question and the second one on GTA. So the first one, you guys mentioned, more copies of GTA 5 sold in 2020 than in any year since launch. And then similarly, Red Dead Online saw more players in December since launch. So it seems like you guys are benefiting well on the trend that gamers are gravitating towards the largest gaming franchises. So that being said, curious to hear what your overall view is on growing your core franchises, and potentially expanding them into new platforms and business models versus expanding your portfolio with new IP either organically or through M&A? And I have the follow up.
Strauss Zelnick: Great, thanks, Mario, it's sort of all of the above. So it's exciting that we have these extraordinary franchises that keep captivating and engaging consumers many years after launch. And the reason that that's occurring is first of all the initial quality, which is unmatched in our business. And second, because our labels, both Rockstar Games and 2K continue to deliver content on an ongoing basis that further causes captivation and engagement. And if we keep doing that, then we'll continue we think to have similar results. I think you're right that consumers get really comfortable within excited by specific franchises. And if you keep delivering great content, they will maintain their involvement on an ongoing basis, we're seeing that in all forms of the entertainment business. At the same time, we always have to create new titles both new iterations of existing beloved franchises, and new intellectual property. And if we don't do that, then we're burning the furniture. So to that end, in the next five years, we expect to bring 93 new releases to market which is more than double what our development capacity was just a few years ago. So we're both excited by the continued growing engagement in our existing entities as well as what the future can bring with new releases.
Mario Lu: Great. And then the second question on GTA Online, you guys mentioned, over half of your players did the recent high solo. So I'm personally surprised that number since more and more players are playing games as a means of social connection. So how did that percentage, compare versus your internal expectations? And does that change how you do single player opportunity, even in an existing online environment like GTA Online?
Strauss Zelnick: Well, no, this wasn't coincidental. I mean, the folks at Rockstar Games intended to create a powerful single player experience a story driven experience. And Rockstar has always been known for great stories and great single player experiences and then developed in addition, a massive multiplayer opportunity over the past years. And I think it's a reminder not that we needed one, the Rockstar Games can do both of those things at the highest possible level of execution in our business. There was a, I think there was an argument just a couple years ago, not around here, not in this shop. But in some of our competitors offices, that single player is dead, that it's all about multiplayer. We didn't believe that I said specifically and publicly that we didn't believe that, our labels don't believe that. And we deliver an array of experiences that range from hyper casual mobile, to the most complex, the most robust, single player and multiplayer experiences. And we intend to continue doing that.
Mario Lu: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you very much for the question. I was hoping you could talk about how the success of GTA 5 units this year, as well as any learnings from the standalone Red Dead Online experience, informs your view about what GTA Enhanced Edition and the standalone GTA Online should look like or will look like next year and perhaps how it should perform? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I really appreciate the sentiment behind the question. But I sort of put it in the category of how high is up? We don't tend to speculate and we haven't offered any initial guidance for next fiscal year either. So we'll sharpen our pencil in the coming months and of course we will create initial guidance and that will reflect partially that performance. But in general, if history is any guide, it will be very successful indeed. And I would -- that wouldn't surprise me.
Mike Ng: Great. Thanks, I can certainly appreciate that. And just as another question, can you talk a little bit about the Music Locker experience within GTA Online? Obviously, it's -- it feels like it's someone's unique? Is there an opportunity for Rockstar 2K to incorporate even more use for lack of better words, real world elements or real world partners into virtual worlds like GTA Online? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: Hi, it’s Karl speaking. Yes, obviously the Music Locker experience is very unique. It's a terrific application and then in GTA. Music has always been a really, really important part of the Grand Theft Auto franchise and it will continue to be; it's always been part of the culture of the Grand Theft Auto franchise, and people explore it and enjoy the found new music through the franchise over-and-over again, I don't want to speculate about what's in Rockstars plans as it relates to music, but rest assured music is always has always been and will always be a large part of what GTA is all about.
Mike Ng: Great. Thanks, Karl. Thanks, Strauss.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Colin Sebastian: Great. Good afternoon, everyone. Two questions from me. First-off, as you look back at the pricing strategy for NBA over the holidays, is it safe to say you feel that that was the right strategy and I guess does it set a new bar for AAA frontline content on next-gen platforms? And then secondly, bigger picture, just given the ongoing industry consolidation Strauss and the interest you've shown in participating activity are you seeing still compelling opportunities out there in the market even as competition for deals seems pretty intense and valuations look like they're also on the rise, any commentary there will be helpful? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of frontline pricing for NBA 2K21, I think that worked out very much as expected. And as planned, it's in a premium offering at the highest possible level, the title was built from the ground up for next-gen, so first title here that has been created that way. And the acceptance by consumers has been nothing short of extraordinary, the title sold in over 8 million units. Now, we haven't talked about pricing on other titles. So it would be premature to discuss that we'll talk about that and title-by-title basis going forward. In terms of consolidation, you've seen a lot of deals out there, most recently Embracer is, is merging with Gearbox, a company near and dear to our heart and we're grateful that we'll still be in business with Gearbox and they'll still be working with us on Borderlands and on other titles. We acquired Playdots just a few months ago and we're excited about how that deals gone. We lost the Codemasters deal to our friends out west that was disappointing but reflects our discipline in such matters. So there is an awful lot going on, I tend to agree Colin that pricing can be pretty heavy. And we have a stated strategy and a disciplined approach. It served us well. We have yet to make an acquisition that that hasn't worked out. And we're looking for great teams, great intellectual property and for an arrangement that would be accretive to shareholder value. And we will -- we'll look for that and at times aggressively. But, we have a sort of firm -- we have a firm grasp on hand calculator in one hand and on our approach strategy and tactics in the other.
Colin Sebastian: All right, thanks, Strauss.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Creutz with Cowen & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Creutz: Hey, thanks. You've always been known for Take-Two’s always been known for putting out some of the deepest and most complex games in the market. And there's been a debate, I think, emerging in the industry about whether the current pace of AAA game development and sustainable both, I think for getting games out the door, and then the sense that life services are becoming more and more of an arms race in terms of who can put the most content out the quickest. There was a competing game that came out recently that was highly anticipated where I think it was a clear case of that studios reach exceeding their grasp, what have you been doing? And what are you doing sort of operationally, structurally, to make sure that your ability to keep raising the bar and your entertainment experiences doesn't run afoul of some of these issues? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first of all you never want to sit back and just say, we've always been able to do it's totally fine. It'll be fine going forward. We're always looking over our shoulders. We're always trying to figure out what we can do better. We're, I think the most self critical group I've ever run into. How do we maintain our commitment to quality by making sure that our creative teams pursue what they're passionate is about, and don't pursue something they're not passionate about and by maintaining operational and financial discipline at the same time. And the effect of that is we can have long development cycles. And we've been criticized for that. But I think the case that you're alluding to reflects the fact that you're always better served to wait for perfection if you can create perfection. And all of our labels are seeking perfection. And we don't always succeed, sometimes we fall short. But that's the goal. And if anything in these times cause us to sharpen our minds further and sharpen our discipline further and try harder. So yes right and it's great that Rockstar Games continues to put out add-on content and additional content for Grand Theft Auto Online and for Red Dead Online. But they've put out material that they really believe in that they're passionate about and that is of the highest possible quality. And that means we're not on a weekly cadence and we're not going to be in that means we don't necessarily know the exact release date. But what we do know is that we will wait for it to be as close to perfect as anything can be. And that's true 2K. That's true, it's Social Point and that's true a Private Division. And that's an unwavering commitment. And it's part of our strategy. And it comes from the top of the company. And we are prepared to accept the results when we fall short in terms of timing or when we sometimes spend a little more than we would like because it always pays-off.
Doug Creutz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. I just -- Strauss wanted to dig a little more into the 93 pipeline number you mentioned earlier tonight again. I think it's very similar to what you guys said last year. So I guess the question is, is this the same 93 titles we had a year ago or some being shutdown and you have new ones in there? And then just the way that we kind of better understand, how do we think about breaking that apart? Anyway, you'd like to between categories, between mobile, between AAA, between more mid-tier games just how should we think about what within this 93 titles?
Karl Slatoff: Hey, Brain, it's Karl, I'll take this one. So to answer the first part of the question, we -- the 93 titles that we put out, there was a snapshot, it was a moment in time and we really haven't given any updates on that since then. Of course, things move in and out all the time. It hasn't really been that long since then. So you can't really expect that there's going to be a significant amount of movement, but I can tell you for sure. There's something that have fallen on, something that are back end. But generally speaking, these are still pretty good numbers in general. But, again we do expect that this pipeline will be fluid, as we get things through various milestones. So it will be changing overtime. But we haven't provided any additional updates, other than the 93 initial announcement that we made. And just to break it down a little bit for you, in terms of what comprises that 93. So on a high level, 63 of those titles of the 93 are, we would consider core gaming experiences. And 17 of them are sort of mid core arcade style experiences and 13 of them are what we would consider to be casual experiences. About half of them 47 of the titles are from existing IP or sequels. And the rest of them are for our new intellectual property. So we are making investments in new IP, very important, so I spoke about that earlier. And then in terms of platforms, 72 of the 93 titles are planned for console PC or streaming, including seven of those that will also be available on mobile. So that would leave 21 that are that are on the list for specifically for mobile. And also from a business model perspective 67 of the 93 are -- they required the purchase and 26 are completely free to play. So that's the breakdown as it was the last time we did it. But we do expect that that will be moving around as we as we go deeper into that pipeline and over the next few years.
Brian Nowak: Okay. Thanks, Karl.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good afternoon, we'd love to understand at this point, your latest thinking about the mobile gaming opportunity for you in terms of what kinds of IP and games are likely to succeed, how much capital and resources and make sense to put behind mobile. And what the broader strategy is going forward in the mobile space? Thank you.
Karl Slatoff: It's a Karl again. So obviously, the mobile component of our business has becoming more and more important with our acquisition of Social Point and Playdots. So we're very committed to it. Not to mention mobile activity our label levels, specifically 2K with WWE, SuperCard, et cetera and some NBA properties. So we are, we are highly invested in the mobile business and we expect that it will be a even growing part of our investment going forward. But it really does boil -- our strategy boils down to a few components. And the first really is focuses around new -- creating new IP for the mobile space. And that's around our Social Point and Playdots business. So it's IP that's created specifically for the mobile environment. And, we've been investing in that obviously over the past couple years, specifically to M&A but also now organically now that we've got a pretty sizable platform between those two acquisitions. The second component is bringing our core franchises to the mobile platforms. So these are games that are more or less ports or they could be slight variations of games, existing content that exists. So we've done that quite successfully for many, many years. And will continue to do so where it's appropriate. And then the third component is really just bringing our core is integrating a mobile experience with our core experiences. So these are things like companion apps, which we've done effectively with Red Dead Redemption, we've done it with Mafia’s, we've done it with a number of our franchises, where you can have a separate mobile experience that you can use. And it can be used to enhance your core experience, pretty much at the same time or maybe offline, when you're not in front of your television set of your console. So those are really are the components of our strategy. But obviously it's a growing part of the industry. We're very tapped into it. And we're investing more and more.
Bryan Kraft: Thanks, Karl.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Thornton: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe, two if I could, maybe for either Strauss or Karl. First one is just higher level, you referred to the pipeline, the 93 projects a little earlier. I'm just wondering if there's any color if you can offer just as to how we're kind of progressing and maybe it's a little bit early, but just any incremental thoughts as to what the linearity is shaping up to look like there any color around the pipeline would be helpful there. And then just secondly, PGA TOUR, it's fairly small game but it was well reviewed. So it looks like successful by all accounts, I am curious if that was successful number are large enough where it could actually become a recurring title and join NBA and WWE in that regard, any thoughts there? Thanks, guys.
Strauss Zelnick: So on the first part of the pipeline, I really don't have more information I can give you in terms of the pace of that pipeline and when the titles coming out, but rest assured, you will be hearing a lot more about that in the coming months. And as we talk about our release schedule. So unfortunately, I don't have any more to give you on that. And then in terms of the PGA TOUR 2K, we are incredibly excited about that the performance of that title. And I'd like to say that, that we're not surprised. But I am personally a little bit surprised we -- it's done fantastically well, we've sold around 2 million units or so which is a fantastic result. And we're just really getting started. So we do think that there's a future in this franchise for us. We haven't really announced much about what specifically that means. But what that is out there, this is something that we feel like it merits investment from our side. And that's something that we can really turn into very profitable and exciting franchise for us going forward for many years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Benjamin Black with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Black: Great, thank you for the question. So obviously the gaming category as a whole has benefited from these extended stay-at-home provisions, but as we look to the account of ‘21, I'm really curious to hear what data points or trends you're seeing that could give us, some confidence and the sustainability as one of the trends we're seeing today. And then secondly, I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the decision to disaggregate Red Dead Online from the core game, what are some of the key findings you have there? And I am curious to hear how Red Dead Online is deferring relative to GTA online at a comfortable stage with lifecycle? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, on the first question I, I'm hard pressed to know what data that would be except that we continue to do very well. And an engagement is very high. We had not planned in our numbers for the fourth quarter to see growth driven by the pandemic that has not been our approach. But of course, we continue to outperform and the net bookings that we're guiding to for the fiscal now are $800 million higher than our original guidance. So we're grateful for the growth. I think, under any circumstances, post-pandemic and hopefully there will be post-pandemic demand will be higher than pre-pandemic demand. I think it's quite clear that, that there's been a systemic shift in favor of Interactive Entertainment and activate a media consultancy confirm that. But I don't know whether there'll be some fall-off as people are out and about and doing, doing things outside of the home, it wouldn't surprise me if there were, but as long as we continue to deliver great experiences, I think we'll see continued growth. What was your second question again?
Benjamin Black: Second question was really around the decision to desegregate Red Dead Online. And also, how Red Dead Online now is fairing relative to GTA online of the comparable stage of its lifecycle?
Strauss Zelnick: So they're very different titles and they're really not comparable in any way. So both massive hits. And the decision I think was based on offering more opportunities to engage with the title, titles been in market for some time. And Rockstar has shown a willingness to experiment with different marketing models, all in an effort to enhance the size of the audience and to increase customer engagement and enjoyment. And I think it's working out really well. And I'm looking forward to seeing how Grand Theft Auto Online sales when the two is available as a standalone experience in fiscal ‘22.
Benjamin Black: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Hickey with the Benchmark Company. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Hickey: Strauss, Lainie, Karl, Nicole thanks for taking my questions, guys. Congrats on an incredible quarter and guide. I know it's early, but as we sort of think about fiscal year ‘22 here, obviously you've got a lot of momentum in your life service. Looks like a step up here and engagement is going to be lasting. You do have some visibility on the pipeline. Obviously, you have more, I am just curious if you think you can grow the fiscal year ‘22 and you sort of -- you can't exactly answer that. Maybe just [indiscernible] grow obviously grow [indiscernible] looking forward to? And the second question is, the work from home scenario or duration is continued to sort of expand here and just sort of curious the impact that has had on the developer culture and productivity when you look sort of in the medium-term of your pipeline? Thanks, guys.
Lainie Goldstein: Hey, Mike. So for fiscal year ‘22, At this point, it's a little early for us to provide fiscal ‘22 guidance. We're also currently in the process of completing our detailed budget for fiscal ‘22. And as you know, we typically guide for the next fiscal year, when we report our fourth quarter earnings in May. But it's important to keep in mind that this is clearly a record year for us, partly driven by the benefit of individuals sheltering at home and it remains to be seen how long these trends will go on. And when we originally projected sequential growth for fiscal ‘22 versus fiscal ‘21, our fiscal ‘21 guidance was projecting a decrease from fiscal 2020. And now we're expecting record net bookings for fiscal ‘21 which represents 30% growth over our original guidance and year-over-year growth compared to fiscal ‘20. Also, we expect record adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow over $750 million, which is more than double our original estimate. So we'll see in May, will give you a little bit of an update at that point. So that's when we'll give you some more details on ‘22.
Strauss Zelnick: And Mike with regard to working from home, I can't predict how much longer that'll be the case. We follow, what government requirements and suggestions are and we follow the science and the facts. Some of our offices are open, no one is obligated to come to the office, if they're uncomfortable in doing so. That said, we've been extraordinarily productive. Our IT team did an A plus job making remote work possible for our company. We moved over to remote work within a week of needing to shelter at home. And we haven't missed a beat not even not at all, we have one title that was delayed Kerbal Space Program 2 that was hit. And more importantly, the quality of our releases has been extraordinary. I appreciate the question about culture. I think it's actually difficult to build a culture in a remote work environment. But I don't think it's impossible to do that, when you've already gotten to know each other. When you build a powerful company with a powerful business model and a powerful team. I think, to the contrary, in a challenging time, everyone pulled together and knew that it was our collective job to make sure the company didn't -- you didn't have any issues, and in fact, continued to grow. And that's exactly what happened. But, and so if any -- in any case, I think moral may actually be stronger, but it's not something that can or should last forever. And it has been taxing and I think people are actually working harder at home than they did in offices, even though there is no commute. I think it creates a lot of challenges. And I'm looking forward to it ending. So I know you're not -- we're not one of those companies where we believe like, oh this is a great idea everyone will just work from home. I think certain people may be able to work from home or if that's truly their interest, I think generally speaking will benefit from being together as a group.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Handler: Yes, thank you. I appreciate the question. Thinking about, the Grand Theft Auto franchise and the fact that we've now sold over 140 million units of the game. And granted there's probably some overlap, where people have more than one copy of the game. But it seems like there is a huge audience of people that have probably never played GTA IV or any of the other prior GTA games that came out before that. And I just wonder, how do you think about obviously there's a huge appetite for GTA content and how -- what's your perspective there in terms of thinking about remastering pre-prior games.
Strauss Zelnick: I'd say it's a great and encouraging question. I'm kind of inclined to leave it more as a statement than a question. And any updates on our release schedule will come from Rockstar Games.
Eric Handler: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. Strauss, over the last few years, I think the industry has gone from needing to acquire customers with massive advertising campaigns every time there was a new iteration of a game to that was set up where you are in front of your user base all the time. And he just called out, I think, in a prior answer, again the captivation and engagement with what is now basically a perpetual service model. So do you anticipate going forward potentially further operating margin benefits due to what might be a decreased need for marketing spend? And I guess, building on one of the M&A questions earlier and this is definitely not an either or question. But do you think your time and Take-Two’s capital are probably better served adding to the teams you already have at Rockstar 2K, where there already seems to be a pretty good culture of excellence there? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: It's a -- thank you for the question. I don't think you're going to see a reduction in our marketing spend, because we're launching new iterations of existing franchises. And we're launching new intellectual property in a highly competitive market. And I think we'll continue to spend support those releases. So I don't think you'll see leverage there. You see leverage, though, of course, is when you sell more units. So if you make bigger hits, and we make bigger hits than anyone else in the market, then obviously you're amortizing that marketing spend across a larger number of units. So a marketing spend as a percent of your net bookings can be lower to be accepted you have greater success. And that's certainly our goal. And in that event, of course, we'd have higher operating margins. And you've seen that reflected in the growth in our operating margins, as you've seen the growth in our hits in the last 14 years. And I would hope that that will continue, but we entirely driven by whatever success we have or don't have. I think where you can, have a little more confidence around growth in the margins would be in the shift to digital distribution, which is an extra [mile] and which is happening and digitally distributed products were 82% of our net bookings in the quarter. And we think that the world is heading towards more than that. And that will help our margins as well as our competitors’ margins. Also, of course, our recurrent consumer spending is higher margin because the cost associated with the content that drives recurrent consumer spending is lower than the costs related to an initial large release. So to the extent that we continue to deliver add-on content, to beloved titles, which is our goal, you could see an increase in operating margins coming from that as well. But again, that's reliant upon creating hits. And that won't occur if we don't create more hits. So everything comes down to creating bigger and bigger hits. And that's our goal and our strategy.
Karl Slatoff: [indiscernible].
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry and I think on your second question, thanks for the reminder, Karl, it's all of the above, we're adding to the team's 2K and Rockstar as they work on more properties and bigger properties. We are adding to the teams at Social Point and Private Division selectively as we work on new properties. And we have shown a willingness to acquire companies and add that way as well very, very selectively. So we're a growth business. And you'll see that on our headcount. I'm hopeful that our headcount essentially goes to production capacity, engineering capacity and doesn't go to fixed corporate overhead.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Ryan Gee with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Gee: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in right there. First one for Lainie, we're about a month away from last year when most of us were all sent indoors. And we saw that increased demand for gaming content. So just so we're all on the same page here. Do you mind refreshing us how much maybe GTA online NBA 2K online, I mean NBA 2K perhaps outperformed your expectations in the March quarter last year or maybe it's actually more in the June quarter? But if you could try and quantify that, so that we can have our model set accordingly. That would be a fantastic. And then a question for either Strauss or Karl. You guys acquired a Ruffian Games or Rockstar acquired Ruffian late last year. I believe that they have a history in the shooter category with the Halo franchise specifically. So are they coming on board to broaden Rockstar’s reached designers like that or what role do you anticipate they'll play in the future of that studio either supporting or more and more lead development role? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: We're thrilled to welcome the Ruffian team to Rockstar Games and to Take-Two and we think they're an extraordinarily talented team. And we're looking forward to them becoming a part of Rockstar Games. And beyond that they'll be more announcements in due time.
Lainie Goldstein: And Ryan on the title-by-title on that -- for the fourth quarter last year I don't have that information in front of me, but we can follow up with you on that. But we -- all of our titles, I think over performed in that quarter but on a title-by-title basis. It was a significant overachievement specifically on GTA online and for NBA 2K.
Ryan Gee: Very nice. Thanks, guys.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thank you all very much for joining us today. Obviously, we're really proud of what the entire team has achieved. The results are extraordinary. And all of us are so grateful to our colleagues around the world. And of course, we're grateful to you for joining us today. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful evening.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive Software's Second Quarter Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal 2021 ended September 30, 2020. 
 Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session on our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measures. 
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www. take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to begin by acknowledging those who have been affected by the global pandemic. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to express our deepest sympathies and shared hope that in time, this crisis shall pass. We remain immensely grateful to everyone who serves on the front lines caring for those in need and helping the world navigate these challenging times.
 I'm pleased to report that our positive momentum continued in the second quarter with operating results that significantly exceeded our expectations. Our stellar results were highlighted by the outperformance of NBA 2K, PGA Tour 2K21 and the Mafia Definitive Editions and Mafia: Trilogy. 
 Our ability to deliver the highest quality entertainment experiences to our audiences during these challenging times is a reflection of the professionalism and the passion of our entire organization. I'm immensely proud of our teams throughout the world that embody our core tenets of creativity, innovation and efficiency. 
 On September 4, 2K and Visual Concepts launched NBA 2K21, the latest installment in our industry-leading basketball simulation series for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. The title is off to a remarkable start, and net bookings from the title have outperformed our expectations. To date, NBA 2K21 has sold in over 5 million units.
 As compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2020, net bookings for the NBA 2K series grew 28%, and recurrent consumer spending significantly exceeded our expectations, growing an incredible 76%. Consumer engagement with NBA 2K continues to increase with daily active users, MyCAREER users and MyTeam users growing significantly. Moreover, NBA 2K21 users have been more deeply engaged with the game, with average games played per user up 21% as compared to NBA 2K20 in the same period. 
 Next week, NBA 2K21 will launch for next-gen platforms, which Karl will discuss shortly. I'd like to congratulate 2K and Visual Concepts for delivering another outstanding entry in this beloved franchise.
 Seven years after its initial release, Grand Theft Auto V continues to grow its audience. The title has now sold in over 135 million units and remains one of the most successful and iconic experiences in all of entertainment. In addition, recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online outperformed our second quarter forecast and was entitled the best second quarter ever in terms of both active players and new players. 
 During the month of August, Rockstar Games released the Los Santos Summer Special for Grand Theft Auto Online, featuring a ray of new vehicles, co-op missions, business battles, racetrack, the open-wheel race creator and more. We continue to expect Grand Theft Auto Online to establish a new net bookings record in fiscal 2021.
 Red Dead Redemption 2 also outperformed, and to date, has sold in over 34 million units worldwide. Net bookings from Red Dead Redemption 2 grew an outstanding 124%, including 106% growth in full game sales. Engagement with and recurrent consumer spending on Red Dead Online continues to increase, with net bookings from the title surpassing expectations, growing 96%.
 Furthermore, the title grew 28% in audience, and growth in new players was 47%. During the second quarter, Rockstar Games added new content to Red Dead Online, including the natural list update, a new specialist role, including the ability to hunt, track and study legendary animals as well as new poaching missions and free roam events, 2 new weapons, the advanced camera and more, including the latest addition of Outlaw Pass, The Outlaw Pass #3.
 Throughout the coming year, Rockstar Games will continue to support both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online with more content updates to keep new and returning players excited and engaged.
 In late summer, 2K enhanced further our sports simulation offerings with the release of PGA TOUR 2K21 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. Developed by HB Studios, PGA TOUR 2K21 was universally lauded by consumers and critics, including game and former Golf Digest in U.S. day to day for being an incredibly fun, realistic and engaging entry into the category. The title has exceeded our expectations and to date has sold in over 1 million units. 
 According to the MTD Group, PGA TOUR 2K21 was the fastest-selling golf game by units over the past 10 years. And in addition, according to Metacritic, the title is the highest-rated golf simulation of the current console generation. I'd like to congratulate the teams AT 2K and HB Studios who are continuing to support the game with additional post-launch content.
 During the second quarter, 2K also released WWE 2 Battlegrounds, a completely new WWE game featuring arcade-style brawling action for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. We're very pleased to expand our WWE offerings with a title that provides both casual gamers and die-hard wrestling fans with an over-the-top, pick-up-and-play experience. The title has exceeded our expectations and is being supported with post-launch content. 
 In addition, during the period, 2K released Mafia Definitive Edition for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. The title, which has exceeded our sales expectations and received significant critical acclaim, was comprehensively remade from the ground up. The release of Mafia Definitive Edition completes the full Mafia: Trilogy, a collection featuring definitive editions of all 3 Mafia titles. The definitive additions of Mafia, Mafia 2 and Mafia 3 are available individually or as part of the trilogy. To date, these titles collectively sold in over 2 million units.
 Turning to Private Division. During the second quarter, the label released Peril on Gorgon, a narrative expansion for their award-winning RPG, The Outer Worlds, from Obsidian Entertainment. Peril on Gorgon is the first of 2 expansions that can be purchased individually or bundled at a discount in The Outer World's expansion pass. The Outer World's continues to outperform our expectations and has now sold in over 3 million units.
 Our second quarter results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings, led by Borderlands 3, Social Point's mobile games and Sid Meier's Civilization VI.
 During the second quarter, recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations, growing 43% and accounted for 64% of net bookings. In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by the following offerings: in the free-to-play category, Social Point's live games, including Dragon City, Monster Legends, World Chef, Tasty Town and Word Life outperformed during the second quarter, matching the net bookings record achieved in the previous quarter. Live games delivered new fresh content, events and experiences to boost engagement and enhance the customer experience, and net bookings grew 55%. The studio continues to invest in its broad and innovative pipeline of more than 10 new games planned for launch in the coming years.
 WWE SuperCard also outperformed during the second quarter, growing 24%. The title has now been downloaded more than 22 million times and remains 2K's highest-grossing mobile title. Later this month, 2K will deliver season 7 of our popular free-to-play sports entertainment mobile game. 
 And NBA 2K Online in China grew 13% and remains a significant contributor to our results. The title is the #1 PC online sports game in China with more than 50 million registered users. Add-on content grew 254% and outperformed expectations, led by offerings for the Borderlands Series and Sid Meier's Civilization VI.
 As a result of our better-than-expected second quarter performance and improved outlook for the back half of the year, we're increasing our outlook for fiscal 2021, which we expect to deliver a new record for net bookings of over $3 billion.
 In September, as part of our ongoing strategy to expand selectively our portfolio of owned intellectual property and to diversify and strengthen further our mobile offerings, we acquired Playdots, a long-standing leader in the mobile puzzle genre. Founded in 2013 and based in New York City, Playdots builds mobile games with unique and thoughtful designs. The studios created 3 hits, Dots, Two-Dots and Dots & Co., which have collectively been downloaded over 100 million times. They're best known for Two-Dots, which has been downloaded over 80 million times since its launch 6 years ago, and that continues to engage deeply audiences throughout the world. 
 Playdot's near-term strategy for growth includes live ops technology and the addition of numerous features to its core games, such as scavenger hunts and social leader boards, which are driving meaningful long-term consumer engagement. 
 In addition, Playdots will remain focused on existing IP and will continue to create new properties as they've done since their inception. We're very pleased to welcome Nir Efrat and the entire team at Playdots to the Take-Two family and are excited by the potential of their development pipeline and positive long-term contributions to our business.
 It bears noting that next week, we'll enter in an exciting new era in the history of our industry. The eagerly anticipated launches of 2 new gaming platforms from Microsoft and Sony marked the latest technological advances that promise to provide our world-class development teams with better platforms on which to captivate and engage our audiences. We're both prepared and thrilled to take this next step, and Karl will have more to share about our offerings for this next generation.
 As we've seen over the past several months, consumers' appetite for and participation in interactive entertainment has never been stronger. We believe that this trend, coupled with the fervor for new gaming platforms, bodes well for the upcoming holiday season, and that interactive entertainment will be among the most popular gift-giving items. 
 Looking ahead, Take-Two has the strongest development pipeline in its history, including sequels from our biggest franchises as well as exciting new IP. We continue to make great strides to increase the scale of our enterprise, both organically and through selective inorganic accretive opportunities.
 In closing, our company remains superbly positioned creatively, operationally and financially to capitalize on the many positive trends in our industry and to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for continuing their stellar work in achieving strong results that are lining up to deliver a record year for net bookings. Our culture of collaboration, coupled with the company's commitment to creating the best entertainment experiences, is driving our ongoing success and the ability to engage with audiences more deeply than ever before.
 I'll now discuss our recent and upcoming releases. As Strauss mentioned, we are very excited about next week's introduction of 2 new leading-edge gaming platforms. Through these new robust platforms, our development teams have an even greater ability to captivate and engage audiences with our renowned franchises and new intellectual properties. We are thrilled to deliver at launch 2 of 2K's most successful and popular franchises, NBA 2K and Borderlands for both platforms. 
 NBA 2K21 was built from the ground up for next-generation consoles and will once again redefine the standard for sports simulations. In addition to unparalleled graphics and loading speeds, NBA 2K21 will introduce several initiatives to bridge current and new console generations of the game, including MyTeam cross-progression and the shared VC wallet within the same console families. 
 Furthermore, NBA legend Kobe Bryant's lifetime achievement of basketball excellence is celebrated with the NBA 2K21 Mamba Forever Edition, which will provide players with seamless access to both current and next-generation versions of the game.
 Just yesterday, 2K released the trailer for The City, featuring a completely overhauled park experience, exclusive to NBA 2K21 on next-gen consoles. Originally introduced in NBA 2K14 for Xbox One and PS4, The Park helped push 2K forward by creating a competitive online basketball environment that allowed our quickly growing community to compete against each other outside of the authentic NBA experience. This experience has evolved over the years into the neighborhood and now what we have proudly introduced as The City, which is many times larger and more immersive community-based experience, only possible on next-gen consoles. It is Visual Concepts' most ambitious execution of a virtual basketball community.
 Borderlands 3 has been fully optimized for next-gen consoles, so Mayhem will be bigger and bolder than ever before. All players who own the game on current gen will be able to download the next-gen upgrade within the same console family for free. This free next-gen upgrade will add a number of exclusive features, including 4K resolution at 60 frames per second in single player and online co-op plus support for 3 and 4 player split-screen co-op. 
 In addition, Rockstar Games has announced that they will bring their iconic Grand Theft Auto V to the next generation of consoles in the second half of calendar 2021 during fiscal year 2022. The new generation versions of the game will feature a range of technical improvements, visual upgrades and performance enhancements to take full advantage of the latest hardware, making the game more beautiful and more responsive than ever. For the community of Grand Theft Auto Online, the journey for this ever-evolving world will continue on the next-generation consoles with more new updates, including additional content exclusive to the new consoles and PC. There will also be new stand-alone version of Grand Theft Auto Online coming in the second half of calendar 2021, which will be available for free exclusively on PlayStation 5 during the first 3 months. Rockstar Games will share more details on the new versions of Grand Theft Auto V in the months ahead.
 Driving long-term consumer engagement with our titles after their initial launch remains a key strategic priority for our organization. There are a myriad of ways that our creative teams strive to do this. However, we are always focused on designing games with the goal of giving players experiences that far exceed their expectations and importantly, are worthy of their time and money. To that end, we recently released an array of add-on content for some of our key titles.
 Last month, 2K and HB Studios released 2 updates for our popular golf simulation, PGA TOUR 2K21. The 3 whole matchmaking update allows players to play a quick multiplayer around with friends. Two weeks ago, the team launched the Halloween update, featuring fun holiday theme cosmetic items to customize players and courses. Players can expect additional content to be released for PGA TOUR 2K21 throughout the year. 
 In addition, the Private Division, in partnership with the European Space Agency, released their shared Horizon update for Kerbal Space Program for PS4 and Xbox One. The update celebrates the agency's contributions to space exploration and is free for all players of the critically acclaimed physics-based space simulation game. Private Division's new development studio, Intercept Games, remains hard at work on Kerbal Space Program 2, which is now planned for release during fiscal 2023.
 Tomorrow, 2K will release the first update for their new wrestling title WWE 2K Battlegrounds. The update features new superstars and legends that will be made available throughout the month, adding to the game's outrageous in and out of the ring action. 2K will make additional superstores available in December and will share more details in the coming weeks. More than a year after the initial launch of Borderlands 3, engagement with the title remains incredibly strong. Next week, due to the immense popularity and success of the title's add-on content strategy in Season Pass, 2K and Gearbox Software will launch a second season pass for the game. The Season Pass 2, which will be available for all previously released and all next-gen versions of the game, will include 2 brand-new content add-ons. The designers cut add-on will add all new ways to play Borderlands 3 by introducing a new skill tree for each ball hunter, a new stand-alone mode called Arms Race and more, while the Director's Cut add-on includes additional missions, end-game content and behind the scenes extras. Designers cut will be available for purchase starting on November 10, while Director's Cut is planned for release in spring of next year.
 Rockstar Games has announced that both Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online will receive major updates later this year, featuring an extension to existing frontier pursuits for Red Dead Online as well as Grand Theft Auto Online's biggest update ever, which will feature a new take on heists in a new location. Praxis Games will continue to deliver new content for Sid Meier's Civilization VI as part of their new Frontier pass for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and mobile, featuring new civilizations and leaders that will be made available on a bimonthly basis through the end of March 2021. Later this year, the new Frontier Pass will come to mobile platforms, and each pass will be available for individual purchase.
 And during the first half of calendar 2021, Private Division will release The Outer Worlds Murder on Eridanos, the second narrative expansion for their successful RPG from Obsidian Entertainment. The expansion will be available individually or at a discount as part of The Outer Worlds Expansion Pass, which also includes the previously released Peril on Gorgon.
 Turning to eSports. The NBA 2K League concluded its third season on August 28 with Wizards District Gaming winning the 2020 NBA 2K League Championships. All 2020 season games aired live on the NBA 2K League's Twitch channel in addition to select games airing live on ESPN2, ESPN digital platforms, Sportsnet in Canada and the NBA 2K League's YouTube channel, and on delay on eGG Network in Southeast Asia and local in India. Dash Radio's nothing but net channel also provided live game coverage. The NBA 2K League has begun the trial process for its fourth season set to take place in 2021.
 The new format will include more than 35 program tournaments hosted by league teams as part of the NBA 2K League Draft Prospect Series, featuring a first of its kind NBA 2K League combine. The league will enable 2K fans and players to engage with the league and showcase their excitement throughout the off-season by awarding draft eligibility on a rolling basis to members of the 2K community who excel in the tournaments as part of the draft prospect series. 
 In addition, we continued to develop and showcase female 2K players. The league is involved with several elite all-women 2K teams who are participating in Pro-Am 2K tournaments throughout the year. We are very excited about the continued success and growth of the NBA 2K League, which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company.
 Looking ahead, we have the strongest pipe -- development pipeline in Take-Two's history as well as significant potential to drive increased engagement and recurrent consumer spending. In addition, we are investing in a number of emerging opportunities that have the potential to enhance our growth rate. Whether transitioning our audiences seamlessly onto new platforms, capitalizing on new business models and distribution channels or increasing our presence in emerging markets, Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to generate value to consumers as well as growth and margin expansion for our company.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our second quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year 2021. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release.
 As Strauss mentioned, we delivered second quarter operating results that significantly exceeded our expectations. Net bookings grew to $958 million. This result exceeded our outlook of $775 million to $825 million, driven primarily by the outperformance of NBA 2K, PGA TOUR 2K21 and the Mafia Definitive Editions and Mafia: Trilogy. Digitally delivered net bookings grew 14% as compared to our flat outlook and accounted for 83% of the total. This result exceeded our outlook, primarily due to the outperformance of our current consumer spending. During the second quarter, 59% of sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 51% last year.
 Recurrent consumer spending grew 43% as compared to our outlook of 10% growth and accounted for 64% of total net bookings. This growth was driven primarily by NBA 2K, Social Point's mobile games, Red Dead Online and Red Dead Redemption 2 and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. 
 GAAP net revenue was $841 million and cost of goods sold was $433 million. Operating expenses decreased by 7% to $293 million, due primarily to lower marketing expense. And GAAP net income grew to $99 million or $0.86 per share as compared to $72 million or $0.63 per share in the second quarter last year.
 Now to our guidance, starting with the fiscal third quarter. We project net bookings to range from $675 million to $725 million compared to $888 million in the third quarter last year, which benefited from the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC and The Outer Worlds. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K21, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Social Point's mobile games, Borderlands 3, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and PGA TOUR 2K21. We expect digitally delivered net bookings to be down approximately 15% due to lower digitally delivered sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC and The Outer Worlds, which launched last year.
 Digitally delivered net bookings are projected to account for 82% of the total compared to 78% last year. Our forecast assumes that 71% of our current generation console in sales will be delivered digitally, up from 44% last year. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 5%. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $760 million to $810 million and cost of goods sold to range from $291 million to $317 million.
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $325 million to $335 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 4% increase over last year, driven primarily by the addition of Playdots, higher research and development and IT expenses, partially offset by lower marketing and stock compensation expenses. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $128 million to $140 million or $1.10 to $1.21 per share.
 For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 15% throughout fiscal 2021. We are increasing our full year outlook, which now includes record net bookings. This will be the third consecutive year that net bookings have grown. Our net bookings outlook range is now $3.15 billion to $3.25 billion, up from $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. This is being driven by our second quarter outperformance, along with an updated forecast for the balance of the year, which has improved primarily due to higher recurrent consumer spending from NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online and the addition of Playdots as well as strong performance from Red Dead Redemption 2, PGA TOUR 2K21 and the Mafia Definitive Edition and Mafia: Trilogy. We expect growth over the prior year from NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online and Social Point's mobile games to be offset by lower results from Borderlands 3, Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption 2. 
 The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Social Point's mobile games, Borderlands 3, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and PGA TOUR 2K21. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division, Social Point and Playdots. 
 And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We now project digitally delivered net bookings to increase by approximately 15% as compared to our prior outlook of 3% growth. This growth is being driven by recurrent consumer spending and digitally delivered sales. As a percentage of our business, digital is projected to represent 87% of net bookings, up from 82% last year. 
 Our forecast assumes that 70% of current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 55% last year. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 30% as compared to our prior outlook of 15% growth and to represent approximately 63% of net bookings as compared to 51% last year. This growth is being driven primarily by NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, the addition of Playdots, Social Point's mobile games and Red Dead Online. We are increasing our non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow outlook to more than $650 million, up from our prior outlook of more than $500 million. We plan to deploy approximately $75 million for capital expenditures. 
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $3.05 billion to $3.15 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.44 billion to $1.49 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.21 billion to $1.23 billion. At the midpoint, this represents an 8% increase over the prior year driven by the addition of Playdots, higher headcount, research and development expense and charitable contributions, partially offset by lower marketing and stock compensation expenses. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $372 million to $403 million or $3.22 to $3.49 per share.
 In closing, fiscal 2021 is poised to be another year with record net bookings, despite a late release date. With our industry-leading creative assets, sound financial foundation and unwavering commitment to operational excellence, our company is superbly positioned to navigate these uncertain times, capitalize on positive industry trends and to deliver strong results for our shareholders over the long term. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Did you all hear that? Sorry, I apologize. Thanks, Lainie and Karl.
 On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to again thank our colleagues for their hard work, commitment to excellence and for delivering another exceptional quarter. To our shareholders, I would like to express our appreciation for your continued support, and we'll now take your questions and apologies for my failure with the mute button. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: Great. I have one on NBA and then one high level. So the one on NBA, The City does on next-gen was pretty amazing, and you're also bringing back affiliations, which is exciting. I believe this year is all the first time NBA 2K will have 2 different NBA seasons within 3 months of its release. So with that being said, anything you could provide in terms of the lift unit sales from both The City and the second NBA season and their impact on its fiscal 3Q guide would be helpful. 
 And then secondly, Strauss, just curious if you have updated thoughts on the overall subscription model within video games. I think I agree with you that subscription may not translate well in this industry since users only play a few titles a year. But we've seen recently companies like Microsoft push hard with its game pass subscription. And then with the overall gaming audience expanding due to shelter-in-place and more casual titles like Fall Guys and Among Us being more popular. So just curious if your stance has -- on subscription has changed at all? 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I'll take the first question on NBA. Obviously, yes, this is really the first time that we've got this kind of overlap in the season -- not only just our own, not only just the basketball seasons itself, but in our own game. Obviously, with what Strauss has said before, it's had a really positive impact with us because the net bookings for our series grew 28%, and recurrent consumer spending grew, I think, it was 76%. So these are really incredible results, and it's really exciting, but it's a bit of uncharted territory. And I can tell you that we couldn't be more thrilled about it. Because with the new platform coming out and with the NBA 2K21 being built from the ground up and also all of the new features that are coming up, well, I don't have specific lift numbers for you that are associated with The City itself. Obviously, that was a huge commitment made by the team at Visual Concepts and the 2K, and we're really, really excited about it. And anytime you do come out with something that could be a game changer for any game, but specifically for our game, we tend to see really excellent results. And we've already seen great results, and I think it's going to be even better when we launch our next-gen platform, and we're very excited about it. 
Strauss Zelnick: And Mario, regarding your question on subscriptions, no, I don't think our views have changed much. We're open-minded. We're highly skeptical that subscriptions will be the only way or the primary way that interactive entertainment is distributed, and that's because of the way people consume it and the price point for owning a title, which is very reasonable and very, very low, actually on a per hour basis. So I think it's unlikely that subscription sort of supplant frontline video game sales as the primary business model. Subscriptions can play a role in delivering catalog. We've supported numerous subscription offerings with catalog titles. I imagine we'll continue to do so. And in any case, at the end of the day, the consumer will decide, and we will be where the consumer is. 
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Wondered if you can give us any updates about your thoughts on pricing. You've announced NBA 2K is going to have a $10 price increase console versus console system or next-gen versus current-gen. How are you thinking with that? And then I'll have a follow-up question. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Pricing is determined on a title-by-title basis. We already explained that the reason for the price that we set for NBA 2K21 for next-gen reflected the fact that there hasn't been a frontline price increase since 2005, and yet production costs have gone up 200% or 300% on the one hand, also because we believe we deliver vastly more value to the consumer than the price we charge, that's our goal at all times. As I said, on a per hour basis, interactive entertainment is an incredible bargain, and the U.S. has the lowest frontline pricing of anywhere on earth. So we think it makes sense, and we believe consumers are fine with it as a result. 
Eric Handler: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Playdots, looks like it's potentially a very nice tuck-in acquisition. As you look at the M&A landscape, is there much out there for additional acquisitions? It seems like there's more mobile-type deals to be had rather than console-specific type companies, but I wonder if you could just give us some color on the M&A landscape. 
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we have seen an acceleration in M&A activity. Obviously, Microsoft is acquiring Bethesda, for example, which is a significant, I believe, $7-some-odd billion transaction, and so I think you're going to continue to see increased M&A activity just because of the heat around the category and the amount of capital that's being deployed by big companies to pursue it. From our point of view, we have almost $2.4 billion in cash. We have no debt, and we are anxious to build our business and aggressively doing so. And we use our capital to support organic growth, our primary story at Take-Two. We also will use our cash to acquire companies when they're strategically consonant and when those deals are accretive, and we return capital to the shareholders on a regular basis through buybacks. And that'll continue to be our approach. 
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: For Strauss or Karl, can you comment on cross-platform play and how you think about this across your portfolio? And specifically, if the next-gen version of GTA V will feature cross-play? And then I have a follow-up. 
Henry Diamond: Joe, it's Karl. We do think about cross-play a lot. And I think for a lot of games that are out in the market that do support cross-play makes a lot of sense. It's certainly something that's very intriguing to us. It's something that we're capable of doing. And obviously, it's not just our decision alone, there's platforms involved as well. We haven't made any specific announcements about cross-play. We are enabling certain cross-generational opportunities within our games. But in terms of cross-play, it's very interesting. I think it's from a player liquidity perspective, it can be a very compelling thing. But it also has some -- for some games, it also has certain limitations. If you're cross-playing between mobile and console games, it's not always the best experience for everybody. So there are considerations that you have to make when making those types of decisions. But obviously, we do consider it, and it's a great opportunity for our industry, in general, going into this next generation. 
Andrew Crum: Got it. Okay. And Lainie, if I heard you correctly, you indicated the RCS would be up 5% in the December quarter. Is that correct? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, that's correct. For the third quarter. 
Andrew Crum: Can you talk about the assumed deceleration and how that aligns with the timing of the big updates for Rockstar Online? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for GTA we have -- for Q3, we have it coming down in the third quarter versus last year. And when we look at GTA, we always sort of look at it being out for 7 years, and we think about the quarters going forward. And since it's something that has been out for so long, we tend to forecast it as coming down each quarter, and it always beats our expectations. So when we go out into the future, that seems to be have -- we guide for that title. 
Andrew Crum: Okay. Okay. 
Lainie Goldstein: And the growth in the quarter is coming from the NBA title. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: Strauss, I was wondering if you could provide your view on using free-to-play experiences to enhance the reach of your franchises. For instance, in the spirit of Call of Duty War Zone and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, would it ever make sense to make a free-to-play component available for GTA or NBA 2K? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, look, we're pretty open-minded. And at the same time, we deliver the highest quality experiences in the business, and we charge much less for them than we believe they are worth to consumers, and then we deliver typically an ongoing component that is free. And that's already a great deal of value. Any monetization, of course, is totally optional. And unlike many sort of casual titles, the monetization is not necessary to enjoy the experience. It's an additional benefit, but there are no toll booths in any of our online games that are attached to our core games. We have, on occasion, promoted our games very cheaply or in a couple of instances, free, which effectively means you have access to the online component free as a promotion, and I wouldn't rule out the possibility of doing that. And of course, Rockstar has announced that GTA Online will be a stand-alone experience for next-gen coming in second half of 2021, and that it will be free for PS5 users for about 3 months.
 So as you can see, we're open-minded about our business model, and I wouldn't rule out the possibility that at some point, certain experiences can become free as a matter of the entry point. I like what I consider sort of tethered free-to-play, where 100% of the people acknowledge the value of the title and pay to play it. And on an ongoing basis, you have what is effectively a free-to-play experience attached that can go on for many years. Grand Theft Auto Online, of course, has been successful for 7 years and is expected to set a new record in this fiscal year, amazingly enough. I think that you're also implying another question, which is some of our competitors have taken legacy IP and created stand-alone mobile free-to-play titles related to that IP and branded that IP. And we have not done that yet, and we have not announced any plans to do it. And in the world in which we would do it, of course, would be when our labels are excited by the opportunity creatively and when we think we can deliver something to consumers that's absolutely stellar. 
Operator: Our next question is from Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. 
Gerrick Johnson: On NBA 2K, I have a 2-part question. So you decided to not offer free upgrades on the current to next-gen, but you did release Mamba Forever dual access for $100. So what did you see people do? Do you see people mix up immediately to Mamba Forever or maybe delay the purchase of 21 until next-gen comes out, so maybe we see a second wave? 
Henry Diamond: I mean I don't have any specifics to share -- this is Karl, by the way. I don't have any specific -- it's a great question. I don't have specifics to share with you about what activity we've seen. And by the way, it's kind of hard to know because we're still pretty early in it, and we've sold already 5 million units, and we've had lots of nice action around all of our SKUs, but we don't know what people would otherwise be doing. So it's sort of hard for us to know whether people are waiting or whether they're going for the Mamba now or they're just buying the current gen and they'll buy the next-gen later or just buy current gen. It all remains to be -- it's a little bit of uncharted territory, and it remains to be seen, but what we were very gracious for and proud of is the fact that the activity and the engagement around what we've seen so far has been incredible. So no matter how much it breaks down by SKU, I think we're looking at a really good release for NBA 2K21. 
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. And by the way, there's $100,000 worth of virtual currency in Mamba Forever. So how much of that contributed to the 76% recurrent consumer spending growth in NBA? 
Lainie Goldstein: We don't share that level of detail. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Cost: It's Matt on for Brian. So kind of following up on The City content in NBA 2K. Are you seeing any new types of behavior, particularly in the last few months inside of the games, whether it's people socializing more rather than just playing games or kind of like new use cases that you're noticing players eke out and is The City's kind of an opportunity to expand on that and sort of like keep users stickier by adding new sorts of in-game activities? 
 And then just secondly, I was just wondering if you could provide an update on the progress with some of the newer studios like 31st Union and Cloud Chamber. Is everything in place to sort of hit the pipeline you guys shared earlier this year? 
Karl Slatoff: Matt, it's Karl. In terms of The City, I think the real quick answer to the question is, really since The Park came back out in '14, we've seen more social activities in NBA, generally speaking. And as the environment has got more sophisticated and there is more things to do, that social activity has been increasing all along. And you see big jumps in that as well. When you come out -- when we move from The Park to the neighborhood, we saw a market difference in how people play in the game. You create events. People create their own events within the communities themselves. And the more that you give -- more that you content you give within these communities and within these spaces, within these worlds, it encourages people to spend more time there. And that's a really great thing from an engagement perspective because, number one, I think it does actually, people love it and driving engagement also drives economics for us, and that's one of our objectives. So building out The City was a huge endeavor that VC took on. We think it's going to be really well received. We think people are spending a lot of time in The City, and it really will take that whole concept of open world social gaming to another level in the context of NBA. So we're very excited. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of how things are going at our studios, particularly in our new studios, the answer is very, very well. We have an extraordinary pipeline. We've doubled our prior pipeline of releases over the next 5 years. You mentioned 2 of our studios, I'd really talk about all of our studios, and there are many now. And everything is looking great and is on target. We do not expect to see any slippage. And while I think working from home is really tough, and I admire our colleagues for doing such a great job doing it. It isn't the same as being in the office and yet we have not seen any slowdown in our expected cadence of releases. 
Operator: Our next question is from Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: One sort of high-level one and then one housekeeping. The higher-level one, just following on, you've been asked so far about subscription and free-to-play and really every permutation of business model and platform. I'm going to ask sort of the mobile question version of that, if you don't mind, especially given you've seen some other AAA publishers be very aggressive, and you could argue successful in taking what used to be console IP, finding a big home for it, relatively big home for it in mobile. When you start to think about the role of mobile across your IP portfolio and studios, I wonder if you have any big ideas there, I think that fits for any of your big IP? And if so, do you have the sort of resources you need in-house to make that sort of development effort? 
 And then the super quick one is, if you don't mind, so I know typically you guys aim to release a AAA frontline title generally every year outside of U.K. NBA 2K, you didn't have one this year. I wonder when you look at next year, do the remastered versions of GTA and RDR, does that fit your definition of a AAA console release or not? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, thanks. In terms of the portfolio of owned intellectual property, which we're very proud, we have 11 franchises that have sold over 5 million units with an individual release and over 60 that have sold over 2 million units, and they're some of the most extraordinary franchises in the entertainment business, never mind, the interactive entertainment business. I think I alluded to this earlier, we wouldn't rule out the possibility of making a stand-alone mobile title based on that intellectual property. It would be driven by the label's creative desire to do so in a belief that we can do an extraordinary job at it. We have a lot of talent in the mobile space now at numerous labels, Playdots, Social Point, 2K and others. And I don't doubt that we could put together the resources for the properties that make sense. So stay tuned on that topic. It is not lost on us that the biggest hits in the mobile business are native to the mobile business. They are not based on licensed IP, they're not based on console IP. The biggest hits are native to the business.
 And in terms of our ongoing lease schedule, we haven't said very much at all about fiscal '22. We have said that GTA Online and GTA V are coming for next-gen in the second half of calendar '21. We said the Kerbal Space Program 2 is coming in fiscal '23, but we will be talking about our release schedule for '22 in due time. And our goal remains the same, but it's too early to comment on what the release schedule will look like. 
Karl Slatoff: And to answer your question specifically, Todd, about the platform extensions and whether we consider them the part of our core gaming experience, we do. So we did say before the 93 titles, 63 that we mentioned that are in our pipeline, which is more than double what it was 5 years ago, by the way. 63 of those are core gaming experiences, and that includes 15 platform extensions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Alex Giaimo with Jefferies. 
Alexander Giaimo: Strauss, I think the messaging recently has been -- has still been for growth from the company as we think about next year, as we think about fiscal '22. Does that change at all as you continue to beat and raise expectations this year and the comp gets any more challenging or is the expectation still for growth next year? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for fiscal year '22, given that we now expect net bookings of over $3 billion this fiscal year, it's too early to predict whether our business will grow next year. Our results this year have benefited from sheltering-at-home, and it remains to be seen whether that will continue to last into next year. So it's just a little bit too early to call at this point. 
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Strauss Zelnick for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you very much. On behalf of everyone at Take-Two, I'd like to wish you all a very happy and healthy holiday season. These are extraordinary times, and I wish you all the best through them. And once again, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their incredible work and for these extraordinary results. Have a great evening. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-08-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond. Thank you. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2021 ended June 30, 2020. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to start by expressing, on behalf of our entire management team, our deepest sympathies for those who have been and continued to be affected by this pandemic. We're immensely grateful to everyone who serves on the front lines caring for people in need and helping the world navigate this crisis. 
 Turning to our business. Fiscal 2021 is off to a terrific start with first quarter operating results that significantly exceeded our expectations, including fiscal first quarter records for GAAP net revenue and net bookings. Our outstanding results were driven by the outperformance of NBA 2K20, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Social Point's mobile games. I remain incredibly proud of our entire organization, which exemplifies our core tenets of creativity, innovation and efficiency, and continues to deliver industry-leading entertainment experiences to our audiences during these challenging times. 
 In the first quarter, NBA 2K20 significantly outperformed expectations and recently achieved a franchise milestone of $1 billion in net bookings since launch. Consumer engagement with NBA 2K continues to increase with daily active users growing 82%, MyCAREER users growing 78% and MyTeam users up a remarkable 108% as compared to the first quarter of last year. 
 Recurrent consumer spending in NBA 2K grew 126% to a new record and remained the largest contributor to that part of our business. To date, NBA 2K20 has sold an over 14 million units, up over 18% compared with NBA 2K19 in the same time frame. We expect that lifetime units, recurrent consumer spending and net bookings for NBA 2K20 will be the highest ever for a 2K sports title. 
 Nearly 7 years after its initial release, sales of Grand Theft Auto V continue to exceed expectations. The title has now sold in nearly 135 million units and remains the standard bearer of the current console generation. In addition, recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online outperformed our forecast, growing 155% to a new record. 
 In April, Rockstar Games released Gerald's Last Play, a series of 6 new contact missions for Grand Theft Auto Online. The first quarter was the second best period ever for new player acquisitions since the title's launch in 2013. The unprecedented player volume trend started with the superlative performance of The Diamond Casino & Resort update in July 2019 and drove record average multiplayer MAUs through August 2019, persisted with sequential records in average multiplayer MAUs from December 2019 through May 2020. We now expect Grand Theft Auto Online to establish a new net bookings record in fiscal 2021. 
 In addition, the partnership with Epic Games Store for Grand Theft Auto V was offered free for a week in mid-May, was a contributing factor to the strong performance of Grand Theft Auto Online and did not come at the expense of paid sales of the title. In fact, Grand Theft Auto V sold through more units in the period than any first quarter since the title's launch in 2013. And in the 6 weeks following the Epic Store promotion, Grand Theft Auto V sold more units than in the same period in any previous year. 
 Red Dead Redemption 2 also outperformed, and to date has sold in more than 32 million units worldwide. The title sold through twice as many units compared to last year. Engagement with and recurrent consumer spending on Red Dead Online continues to increase. The title acquired nearly twice as many users year-over-year, and average multiplayer MAUs grew 50%. Net bookings from Red Dead Online surpassed expectations, growing 118%, excluding digital content bundled with the Red Dead Redemption 2 Premium Editions. During the first quarter, Rockstar Games added new content to Red Dead Online including 6 new maps to Showdown Mode. Through the coming year, Rockstar Games will continue to support both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online with more content updates to keep new and returning players excited and engaged. 
 Borderlands 3 continues to expand its audience and to date has sold in over 10.5 million units worldwide, up 69% over Borderlands 2 in the same period. During the first quarter, 2K and Gearbox launched Bounty of Blood. The third of 4 announced paid campaigns that are included in the Borderlands 3 Super Deluxe Edition and the Season Pass, or are available for purchase separately upon release. The Season Pass attach rate for Borderlands 3 continues to be the highest in 2K's history, and there's more content coming. 
 In the period, MAUs grew as sales continued at a steady pace with the consistent release of free and paid content. We attribute this ongoing success in part to 2K's and Gearbox Software's continued efforts to support Borderlands 3 as a live service game, which should continue to benefit the title and series over the long term. 
 Private Division's critical and commercial success, The Outer Worlds, outperformed expectations in the first quarter and has now sold in 2.8 million units. On June 5, the title was released for Nintendo Switch. In addition, Private Division launched Disintegration, a new sci-fi first person shooter experience that blends real-time tactical elements for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. 
 During the first quarter, 2K released Mafia II Definitive Edition and Mafia III Definitive Edition as part of the Mafia Trilogy, which combines all 3 previously released Mafia titles into a single package for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC, curated by 2K's Hangar 13 studio. Mafia I Definitive Edition will become available on September 25 as Karl will discuss shortly. 
 2K also bolstered our offerings for Nintendo Switch with some of our most beloved and successful franchises, including Bioshock: The Collection, The Borderlands Legendary Collection and the XCOM 2 Collection. In addition, 2K and Firaxis Games released XCOM: Chimera Squad, an all-new stand-alone title in the award-winning, turn-based XCOM series for PC. Our first quarter results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings, led by Social Point's Sid Meier's Civilization VI and the WWE series. 
 During the first quarter, recurrent consumer spending exceeded expectations, growing 127% to a new record and accounted for 65% of net bookings. In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by the following offerings. 
 In the free-to-play category, Social Point outperformed expectations, growing 54% to a fiscal first quarter record, driven primarily by the exceptional performance of its 2 biggest games, Dragon City and Monster Legends. The studio continues to invest in its broad and innovative pipeline of more than 10 new games planned for launch in the coming years. WWE SuperCard also outperformed during the first quarter, growing 54%. And the title has now been downloaded more than 21 million times and remains 2K's highest grossing mobile title. And NBA 2K Online in China remains a significant contributor to our results. The title is the #1 PC online sports game in China with nearly 50 million registered users. 
 Add-on content grew 135% and outperformed expectations, led by offerings for the Borderlands franchise, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and XCOM 2. As a result of our outperformance in the first quarter, along with a higher forecast for the balance of the year, we're raising our outlook for fiscal 2021, which is well underway to be another great year for Take-Two. 
 Looking ahead, our company has the strongest development pipeline in its history, including sequels from our biggest franchises as well as exciting new IP. We've made great strides to increase the scale of our enterprise, and our current pipeline is more than double what it was 5 years ago in terms of number of games, including 54% internally developed titles and 46% externally developed titles. 
 In closing, we continue to prepare for our industry's forthcoming transition to a new console cycle, which will provide our world-class development teams with a better platform on which to captivate and engage our audiences. Our company remains superbly positioned, creatively, operationally and financially to capitalize on the many positive trends in our industry and to deliver returns for our shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for delivering an excellent start to the year. The work being accomplished across our company is a shining example of what can be achieved through our culture of collaboration, which is more important than ever during these challenging times. 
 I'll now discuss our recent and upcoming releases. On July 1, Private Division, in partnership with the European Space Agency, launched a new update for Kerbal Space Program for PC entitled Shared Horizons. The update, which will also be available later this year on consoles, celebrates ESA's outstanding contribution to space exploration and is free for all players of the critically-acclaimed, physics-based space simulation game. 
 In addition, Private Division's new development studio, Intercept Games, remains hard at work on Kerbal Space Program 2, which is expected to launch in the fall of 2021. 
 On July 23, Firaxis Games released Ethiopia Pack as part of the bimonthly release of 6 downloadable content packs for the all-new Sid Meier's Civilization VI New Frontier Pass for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and PC. Later this year, the New Frontier Pass will come to mobile platforms, and each path will also be available for individual purchase. 
 On July 28, Rockstar Games released The Naturalist, a massive new update to Red Dead Online, featuring a new frontier pursuit that will introduce players to the secrets of naturalism as part of an all-new role, plus in a new Outlaw Pass, tons of community-requested features and fixes and much more to play and discover in months to come. Launch date for The Naturalist was Red Dead Online's best day ever outside of the holiday period, and the update continues to perform very well. 
 On August 21, 2K will release PGA Tour 2K21 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. Developed by HB Studios, PGA Tour 2K21 will feature PGA professional Justin Thomas on the cover, officially-licensed pro players, courses and gear, realistic course scanning, play-by-play commentary by Luke Elvy and Rich Beem, a new PGA TOUR Career Mode, online and local multiplayer, course and player customization and online societies. 
 On September 24, 2K will release the next annual offering from our flagship NBA 2K series for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. With extensive improvements, best-in-class graphics and gameplay, competitive and community online features and deep varied game modes, NBA 2K21 will offer a one of a kind immersion into all facets of NBA, basketball and culture. In addition, NBA 2K21 will launch this holiday season for next generation platforms, providing unparalleled graphics and loading speeds and will once again redefine the standards for sports simulations. 
 5-time NBA all-star in Portland Trailblazer standout, Damian Lillard, will be on the cover for the current generation versions of NBA 2K21 and the 2019 First Overall Pick and consensus National College Player of the Year, Zion Williamson of the New Orleans Pelicans will be on the cover for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X releases. 
 NBA 2K21 will introduce several initiatives to bridge the 2 console generations of the game, including MyTeam cross-progression and a shared VC wallet within the same console families. In addition, NBA Legend, Kobe Bryant's lifetime achievement of basketball excellence will be celebrated with the NBA 2K21 Mamba Forever Edition, which will provide players with seamless access to both current and next-generation versions of the game. 
 On September 9, Private Division will release Peril on Gorgon, the first narrative expansion for their award-winning RPG, The Outer Worlds from Obsidian Entertainment. In this expansion, players will discover a lawless den of monsters and marauders on the Gorgon Asteroid, and uncover a mystery that will change the Halcyon colony forever. Peril on Gorgon is the first of 2 narrative expansions that can be purchased individually or bundled at a discount in The Outer World's Expansion Pass. 
 On September 18, 2K will release WWE 2K Battlegrounds, a completely new WWE gaming experience that will feature arcade-style brawling action for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. Featuring a roster of more than 70 WWE superstars and legends at launch with additional superstars to be released thereafter. WWE 2K Battlegrounds is now available for preorder in digital formats and at participating retailers. 
 September 25, 2K will release Mafia I Definitive Edition for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC in the Mafia Trilogy collection, which features all 3 previously released mafia titles. For the trilogy, Mafia I is being completely remade from the ground up, including new technology, voice acting, game mechanics and more. In the coming weeks, 2K and Gearbox will have more to share on their upcoming content releases to support and further expand the audience for Borderlands 3. 
 Rockstar also announced an upcoming summer update to Grand Theft Auto Online, and both Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online will receive major updates later this fiscal year, featuring an extension to existing Frontier Pursuits for Red Dead Online as well as Grand Theft Auto Online's biggest update ever, featuring a new take on heists in a new location. 
 Throughout fiscal 2021, we will continue to support our titles with innovative post-launch content that drives engagement and recurrent consumer spending. In addition, Social Point and 2K will continue to broaden our offerings for mobile devices. 
 Looking ahead to fiscal year 2022, Rockstar Games also announced that they will bring their beloved and iconic Grand Theft Auto V to the next-generation of consoles in the second half of calendar 2021. The new generation versions of the game will feature a range of technical improvements, visual upgrades and performance enhancements to take full advantage of the latest hardware, making the game more beautiful and more responsive than ever. For the community of Grand Theft Auto Online, the journey through this ever-evolving world will continue on the next-generation consoles with more new updates, including additional content exclusive to the new consoles and PC. There will also be a new stand-alone version of Grand Theft Auto Online coming in the second half of calendar 2021, which will be available for free exclusively for PlayStation 5 players during the first 3 months. Rockstar Games will share more details on the new versions of Grand Theft Auto V in the months ahead. 
 Last week, Private Division announced the signing of 3 new publishing arrangements -- agreements with top independent developers Moon Studios, League of Geeks and Roll7. These partnerships will expand the label's portfolio of titles that includes Kerbal Space Program franchise, The Outer Worlds, Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey and Disintegration. 
 Moon Studios, founded in 2010 by Thomas Mahler and Gennadiy Korol, is a BAFTA award-winning studio, best known for developing the critically acclaimed Ori and The Blind Forest and Ori and The Will of The Wisps. Moon Studios is working on creating a compelling new action RPG. 
 League of Geeks, founded in 2011 by Trent Kuster, Blake Mizzi and Ty Carey, are renowned for developing the PC game Armello, which combines deep tactical card play, rich tabletop strategy and RPG elements. Located in Melbourne, League of Geeks is looking to expand upon its initial success with an ambitious new intellectual property. 
 Roll7 is a BAFTA multi-award winning independent studio founded in London in 2008 by Simon Bennett, John Ribbins and Tom Hegarty. Roll7 created the OlliOlli series, Not A Hero and Laser League. They are working with Private Division on their next job forward in their mission to create awesome flow state games. The first of these titles is expected to launch in fiscal 2022. 
 Also last week, 2K announced a partnership with OneTeam Partners and the National Football League Players Association that will allow the label to include the names, numbers, images and likenesses for over 2,000 current NFL players in multiple nonsimulation football games that are currently in development and set a launch starting in calendar year 2021 during fiscal 2022. We are thrilled to be back in the business with NFL, which is one of the most successful sport brands in the world. We are confident that our forthcoming NFL offerings will be extremely fun, highly engaging and deeply social experiences. 
 Turning to eSports. We are very excited about the continued progress and growth of the NBA 2K League, which is currently in its third season. These playoffs will run between August 19 and 22, prior to the finals on August 29. The league has been steadily building its portfolio of high-profile partnerships and sponsorships, including Anheuser-Busch, AT&T, Champion Athleticwear, GameStop, HyperX, Jostens, Panera Bread, Raynor Gaming, SAP, Scuf Gaming, Snickers, Stance and Tissot. The NBA 2K League airs live on the League's Twitch channel in addition to select matches airing live on ESPN2, ESPN's digital platforms and the NBA 2K League YouTube channel as well as on delay on eGG Network in Southeast Asia. 
 Furthermore, in June, as part of multiyear agreement, livestreams of League games has begun airing on Dash Radio's Nothin' But Net channel on the digital network that has more than 12 million subscribers. We are very excited about the continued success and growth of the NBA 2K League, which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company. 
 As Strauss mentioned, we have the strongest development pipeline in Take-Two's history as well as significant potential to increase engagement and recurrent consumer spending. In addition, we are investing on a number of emerging opportunities that has the potential to enhance our growth rate. We remain focused on delivering the highest quality entertainment that captivates and engages audience throughout the world. Whether expanding our offerings on to new platforms, capitalizing on new business models and distribution channels or increasing our presence in emerging markets, Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to generate value to consumers as well as growth for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our first quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2021. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. As Strauss mentioned, fiscal 2021 is off to a great start, the first quarter operating results significantly beating our expectations. 
 Net bookings grew 136% to $996 million, which was a fiscal first quarter record. This result exceeded our outlook of $800 million to $850 million, driven by the exceptional performance throughout our portfolio, led by NBA 2K20, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Social Point's mobile games, partially offset by the underperformance of Disintegration. 
 Digitally-delivered net bookings grew 139% as compared to our outlook of 100% growth and accounted for 92% of the total. This result exceeded our outlook primarily due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending. 
 During the first quarter, 77% of sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 75% last year. Recurrent consumer spending grew 127% as compared to our outlook of 75% growth and accounted for 65% of total net bookings. This growth was driven primarily by NBA 2K20, Grand Theft Auto Online and Social Point's mobile games. 
 GAAP net revenue grew 54% to $831 million, which was a fiscal first quarter record, and cost of goods sold increased to $477 million. Operating expenses increased by 10% to $272 million, due primarily to our COVID-19 charitable initiative, headcount expansion and higher incentive compensation as a result of the company's performance. And GAAP net income grew to $89 million or $0.77 per share as compared to $46 million or $0.41 per share in the first quarter last year. 
 Now to our guidance, starting with the fiscal second quarter. We project net bookings to range from $775 million to $825 million compared to $951 million in the second quarter last year, which benefited from the launch of Borderlands 3. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Borderlands 3, Social Point's mobile games, Sid Meier's Civilization VI, and The Outer World. We expect digitally-delivered net bookings to be flat, driven by growth in recurrent consumer spending, offset by lower digitally delivered sales of Borderlands 3, which launched last year. 
 Our forecast assumes that 63% for current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 51% last year. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 10%. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $750 million to $800 million and cost of goods sold to range from $355 million to $381 million. 
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $285 million to $295 million. At the midpoint, this represents an 8% decrease over last year, driven primarily by lower marketing expense. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $98 million to $110 million or $0.85 to $0.95 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% throughout fiscal 2021. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We are increasing our net bookings outlook range to $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion from $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion, driven by our outperformance in the first quarter along with an updated forecast for the balance of the year. We are continuing to see elevated engagement and sales from people sheltering at home, which we have included in the second quarter, but have not yet factored into the back half of the year. 
 We expect growth in NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Social Point's mobile games to be offset by lower results on Borderlands 3, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Grand Theft Auto V. Read Dead Online, excluding digital content bundled with the premium edition is projected to be approximately flat versus fiscal 2020. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Borderlands 3, Social Point's mobile games, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and The Outer World. 
 We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division and Social Point. And we forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We now project digitally-delivered net bookings to increase by approximately 3% as compared to our prior outlook of an 8% decline. This growth is being driven by our recurrent consumer spending and digitally-delivered sales. As a percentage of our business, digital is projected to represent 87%, up from 82% last year. 
 Our forecast assumes that 68% of current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 55% last year. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow by 15% as compared to our prior outlook of flat versus fiscal 2020 and to represent 61% of net bookings as compared to 51% last year. This growth is being driven by NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Social Point. We are increasing our non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow outlook to more than $500 million, up from our prior outlook of more than $350 million. We plan to deploy approximately $75 million for capital expenditures. 
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.28 billion to $1.32 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.15 billion to $1.17 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 3% increase over the prior year, driven by higher headcount, R&D expense and shareable contributions, partially offset by lower marketing and stock compensation expenses. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $350 million to $380 million or $3.05 to $3.30 per share. 
 In closing, fiscal 2021 is off to a strong start and is poised to be another terrific year for our organization. We remain well positioned both to navigate the uncertainties of these times and to capitalize on the positive trends within our industry. Over the long term, our industry-leading creative assets, firm commitment to operational excellence and strong financial foundation position our company to deliver significant growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd again like to thank our colleagues for their hard work, commitment to excellence and for delivering an exceptional start to the year. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: So the first question is on the $70 price point announced for NBA 2K21. Any color behind making that decision? And was that decision broad-based? Or title-specific since NBA 2K21 will span 2 NBA seasons this time instead of 1? So in other words, is the higher price point embedded in guidance for all AAA new-gen titles going forward or just NBA 2K? And I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We're definitely announcing pricing on a title by title basis. I would just observe, there hasn't been a frontline price increase for a very long time, although costs have increased significantly. But most importantly, we believe we're delivering the highest quality titles in the business. And consumers are staying more engaged than ever. Games have extraordinary playability and replayability. And they offer many, many hours of entertainment. We think it's a great value. It does rely on our continuing to deliver amazing experiences, and that's our strategy and our goal. 
X. Lu: Got it. And then the second question is on GTA Online. Anything you can share in terms of the normalized growth rate for GTA Online this quarter, so excluding the Epic Store? Or similarly, can you share what percentage of the bookings came from new versus existing players in fiscal 1Q? 
Strauss Zelnick: No. We don't give that kind of granular detail. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I was just wondering if you could expand on the GTA V Enhanced Edition for next holiday. It feels a little inappropriate to call it a typical remaster. And I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about whether or not there's an opportunity for a GTA, call it, a replacement cycle, if you will? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, it's a great question, and I appreciate the sentiment with which it's asked because we've now sold in over 135 million units. And of course, GTA V was created for the last console generation, is the standard bearer in this generation, and now we've announced that it will be available for the next generation of consoles, which is just amazing. 
 Historically, Rockstar always delivers a great new experience with new content and new opportunities to excite, engage and surprise players. And that's true of everything that Rockstar Games releases. Any more details, I think, will properly come from the label in due time, but we couldn't be more excited that the title will be available for the next generation of consoles. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. 
Brian Fitzgerald: At Xbox 2020 a couple of weeks ago, 2 weeks ago, we saw The Outer Worlds, Grounded [ evolved ]. They look great, these are all Private Division titles. So our question was around this. Strauss, when you mentioned I think you said The Outer Worlds in the Switch was 2.8 million units already. How do you see Private Division aggregating up volumes over time? Lainie, I think you said, near term, it's going to hit 10%, that's Private Division and Social Point. So how should we think about that metering out? Can it be, longer down the road, can it be a bigger percentage? 
 And then the second part to that question was these titles seem to appeal maybe especially to the expanding demographic of gamers that are being pulled in the ecosystem. Can you give us any color or dynamics in terms of how types of players that are engaging with private label versus some of your other studios? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks for your question. Just to clarify, Outer World is sold in 2.8 million units and it's across all platforms, and so far as recently made available for Switch. So -- and we're very excited about it. Outer Worlds also has more content coming, and that's a very exciting opportunity. 
 We think the opportunity for Private Division to be a greater percentage of our overall net bookings is strong. And to state the obvious, it will all depend on the quality of the releases but they continue to sign up and announce great publishing arrangements with first-class independent developers. And so far, their track record is pretty extraordinary, which is amazing. 
 In terms of the demographic to which they appeal, I think that's title by title. I don't think there's anything in particular in their strategy that would either limit or expand the scope of their potential audience, except that their titles are created by developers who live outside of the big company system. And does that give them an opportunity to be perhaps more innovative and take more risk? Possibly. Although we pride ourselves on being the most innovative company across everything we do. So it's a really good start. We're incredibly proud of what the team has achieved so far, Private Division, and very optimistic about the future. 
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. 
Colin Sebastian: Congrats on the quarter. I have a couple of questions as well. First off, with the start of the NBA season in Orlando, curious if you've seen any change positively or negatively with respect to NBA 2K? And broadly where markets have reopened, if you've seen any interesting changes or observations with respect to usage trends. And then a bigger picture question on digital distribution. Strauss, I know you guys support platforms where your users are, where they want to access games. There are an increasing number of platforms, which seems to add some complexity to the industry. And I'm curious if you have any updated thoughts on a direct-to-consumer offering if you think that makes some more sense now or maybe less sense? But just curious on your thoughts on distribution. 
Karl Slatoff: So for NBA 2K, obviously, this has been an incredible year for us, and we've had a really, really nice run, obviously, much better than our expectations. We were originally projecting that it wasn't going to be a record year, and now it's going to be a record year across the board. 
 We obviously have some tailwind with that behind the shelter-at-home. But generally speaking, the game has been improving since the day came out, and it's really generated a huge amount of interest across the board. 
 In terms of has that interest changed with the new seasons, et cetera? There's really nothing to report there at this point. It is -- it's certainly, we're excited that basketball is back at it. It's always a good thing when people are engaged with the NBA. It's an incredible brand and having players in the court is obviously a good thing for us. But there's nothing really that we have to report about the results itself specifically related to that. 
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to distribution, yes, I think you captured it well. We said we want to be where the consumer is. We need to find that intersection of what's great for the consumer and what makes sense for us as a producer and distributor. And there are a lot of opportunities. We tend to be very supportive of new launches. We were supportive early of Google Stadia. We certainly support what Microsoft and Sony and Nintendo do when they bring out new platforms, and I think that will continue. 
 In terms of direct-to-consumer opportunities, naturally, we have the ability to go direct-to-consumer. Rockstar goes direct-to-consumer through their Launcher, 2K goes direct-to-consumer. We have the ability for consumers to buy goods directly from our company, and I expect that to continue. It's still a relatively small portion of our business. And I think our expectation over time is that our goal is not to drive consumers to any particular destination, including one of our own. Our goal is to be where the consumer is. 
Operator: Next question is from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Wondered if you could talk a little bit about how you're balancing concerns in the back half of the year about how the economy is going to fare versus what you're seeing in engagement in July? Are you seeing much of a falloff versus the months in the first quarter? How is that shaping up? 
Karl Slatoff: So we -- in our Q2 guidance, we have included the fact that we're seeing some benefits continue on our business, some of the similar tailwinds that we've had since starting in the first quarter, actually the end of the fourth quarter as well. So we do see some of that in our Q2 guidance. 
 In terms of the back half of the year, we really haven't factored anything in related to that or even -- or to take into account any sort of recessionary possibilities. 
Eric Handler: All right. So you feel good about the consumer right now, but basically, you don't have a crystal ball for the back half of the year. So too challenging to predict at this point. 
Strauss Zelnick: That's right. 
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Karl, I think you and I have talked about this in the past, but I want to revisit the software development cost balance and reconcile the total against your commentary around the game pipeline. It's considerably lower versus recent years. And with more than 90 games in development, does that suggest these are smaller titles, or you're just not as far along? And hence, the pipeline is very back-end loaded? 
Karl Slatoff: Can you just clarify what you mean what's considerably lower? 
Andrew Crum: Well, if you look at... 
Karl Slatoff: Balance sheet? 
Andrew Crum: Yes. Correct. Yes. Current plus non-sort of... 
Karl Slatoff: [Capitalized as well.] Yes I think, well, look, as we said, our pipeline is twice the size as it was -- more than double the size as it was 5 years ago, and we're really excited about what that is. Some of these titles are early on in development. Some of those titles are much further along in development. Some of these titles are very, very big titles and some of these titles are very, very, very small titles. So there is a big mix there. 
 And in terms of -- so you can't really say, well, there's just more titles or they're less expensive. Because there is such a play between those 2 elements. But you identified those 2 elements that, well, those 2 things will certainly play into how large that capitalized balance sheet moves going forward. It's relative to the scale and where we are in development. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with SunTrust. 
Matthew Thornton: Maybe for Strauss, can I just get your thoughts 3 months later since the last call, given the COVID environment, just be interested to hear your thoughts on the lasting impact of all these, whether it's Take-Two kind of operation-specific, whether it's consumer and kind of what you think you can kind of hold on to once things kind of normalize. I'd just be very interested to hear your latest thinking about the lasting impact of this environment longer term? 
 And then just secondly, quickly, you talked about, obviously, GTA moving to next-gen consoles. Curious if there's any other nonrecurring franchises that could also see a similar upgrade path? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of the lasting impact of this period of time, it's so hard to predict because most humans tend to believe that whatever is going on right now is what will always continue. And of course, that's not the case. Everything, in fact, generally changes. So we've seen certain companies announced that, from their point of view, everyone should just always work from home. And I know there are people I know who believe they'll never go to the movies again or they'll never fly in an airplane again or stay in a hotel again or eat inside a restaurant again. And I don't see the world that way. So from our point of view, this tragedy will pass and the world will go back to looking an awful lot like it did before. However, it does feel like this has been a period of time where previously existing trends have been accelerated. 
 And I do think that we appreciate the possibility of remote work as needed, where we understand in a disaster scenario, how we can continue to be productive. I think, frankly, it's created a great benefit in our morale as an organization. As any tragedy does, I think tragedy will either pull people together or push them apart. I think we have a strong enough culture that it pulled people even more together. It's just my point of view, but I think it's borne out in the level of productivity and the quality of our games and the quality of our operations and hopeful that, that continues. 
 In terms of the consumer, I do think that this has intensified a shift from old analog entertainment to new interactive entertainment. And I do think that people have come back to video games and tried video games when they hadn't tried them previously. And I think you're going to see a long-lasting increase in demand. 
 Again, that's not reflected in our numbers because we don't build our guidance based on my opinion about things, luckily. But I do believe that's the case. And I think you're seeing a systemic shift in favor of interactive entertainment. And there are only a handful of companies on earth who aim to do what we do, never mind, are able to do what we do. So it puts us in a very good position indeed. 
 In terms of your question about other older titles being brought to next-gen consoles. We always leave those announcements to our labels, but I'm sure there'll be more in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Unknown Analyst: It's Matt on for Brian. Two, if I could. So on GTA on the next gen, can you walk us through the decision to split it into -- in the back half of next year, split it into a separate online mode and then like the upgraded version of GTA V? Obviously, you had tremendous success kind of just packaging those 2 together when you went from the last generation to the current generation. So what was the opportunity that you saw on next gen to maybe separate those 2 games? 
 And then just separately, thinking about pipeline now that we're kind of 3 months into the work-from-home environment. Are you seeing more of an impact on games maybe that are a little farther out in the development cycle? Or do you feel that the pipeline is more or less kind of on track that you expect it to be, you would have expected it to be 3 months ago? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean the decision regarding GTA for next gen is a marketing decision and a production decision by Rockstar Games. And I'm sure they'll have more to say about that in the coming months, but I'll leave it to them as I prefer to do. 
 In terms of the pipeline, we've been very fortunate. As I just said, our workforce has been exceedingly productive. And I think we only have announced 1 delay since this whole tragedy started, that was a delay of Kerbal Space Program 2 to fiscal '22. But apart from that, everything is looking really good and is on track and on target, no issues whatsoever. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Congrats on another solid quarter. Just 2 questions for me. I guess the -- curious, the response you've gotten from your player community on The Naturalist experience, latest upgrade or update for Red Dead Online. And also curious about future cadence of content. I think it was December last year when we got the Moonshiner update. So it seemed like it was sort of an extended period of time before we get an update. I'm just curious if that was maybe because of the work-from-home? Or is there something else going on that sort of led to that sort of lengthy time in between updates? 
 And then Strauss, I know you talked on pricing. Just want to -- just curious on how you think about the economy, the $70 price point. Obviously, a lot of people without jobs, how do you think about how it could impact recurrent spend within the game? And if you've done any sort of survey work or what gives you, I guess, the confidence that demand won't slip at that price point. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The productivity has been strong across the board and across all of our labels. And as you know, Rockstar Games decides on the cadence of updates, and it's driven by great ideas and the ability to deliver those great ideas into superb experiences. And all of our labels wait to distribute new content until it's nearly business perfect as it can possibly be. There is more content coming for both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online this fiscal year. So stay tuned, I think it's going to be awesome. 
 In terms of the price point, this is a very modest price increase. The pricing has been going down on a real dollar basis for the better part of 15 years. And we're applying this price point in the case where we think the quality not only supports it, but demands it. Production costs have gone up greatly. But most importantly, the consumer experience is more robust than ever before. And I'm utterly convinced that NBA 2K21 will be nothing short of extraordinary, so I don't expect that there will be any concerns. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. 
Eric Sheridan: Two, if I can, following up on some of the themes earlier in the call. Based on what you've seen from player behavior through COVID-19, what might some of the key learnings you've gained around lead marketing to older content and sort of reinvigorating players' desire to sort of go back and revisit content and games from a prior generation to continue to sort of drive out lifetime value in that content? And secondly, what have you learned about marketing efficiency as a result of the current environment? And how that might -- how might that carry forward into the next console cycle as well? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I don't think this period of time has led to look at our catalog any differently than before. We're bringing out the Mafia Trilogy. We always bring out legacy content usually in an enhanced format for new consoles on a regular basis or even in the absence of new distribution opportunities. And I'm sure that will continue, of course, driven by the demand for our properties. And if I'm not mistaken, we still have the highest sales per SKU of catalog of any of our competitors based on the quality of what we have historically done. We aimed to keep doing that. 
 In terms of marketing efficiency, I haven't really seen a change. At any given time, we're trying to be more and more efficient with our marketing. Undoubtedly, in the mobile business, there's going to be a meaningful change in marketing based on changes that have been announced by Apple and other changes that are driven by privacy legislation and privacy concerns. But I don't know that, that will enhance efficiency. In fact, it may go in the other direction. So it's always a challenge to create the best marketing. And I wouldn't say it's becoming more or less efficient than before. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: I also have two, if you don't mind, for whoever wants to [ feel ] them. The first, at the risk of being shut down again and just waiting for more from Rockstar, I'd love to explore the topic of the relationship with PlayStation around GTA Online. And just, at a higher level, without the specifics, what sorts of factors go into the decision to make such a partnership with a company like Sony? And in particular, what sorts of things would we expect you would get in return from them in order to offer them, the things you've done, including the exclusivity. That's question #1. 
 The second one is, it wasn't too long ago, every night, we turned on the TV, we saw NBA celebrities playing against each other on NBA 2K on television. I'm just -- I'm really curious as what's it about, what that did in terms of licensing revenues or engagement in the quarter. Although that's interesting, I'm more interested in whether that's opened your mind or any of your development team's mind into how to keep things like that going well into the future? And what that can do in terms of bringing together celebrity and culture and your games in a social and engaging way and sort of driving that whole experience to a whole new level? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean without going into too much detail on confidential arrangements. Typically, we have great relationships with all of our platform partners. And we will sometimes announce a particular situation. In many instances, it's driven by marketing support and other benefits that both parties obtain from such an arrangement. And Karl will take the question on basketball. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. In the case of the NBA, the player tournament that we did, obviously, that was an exciting event. And that was an unplanned event, as you could probably tell. It's something that would probably not have happened, but if it were not for the COVID situation. So in a lot of ways, there are some interesting things that come out of these situations when you're dealt with them. This particular one, I wouldn't really think about it as a specific money making opportunity in the moment. But like any marketing or anything that engages an audience or even creates new audience, it has the benefit of creating interest and engagement with the game. So we really look at that kind of thing, like we would as any other marketing opportunity. Is there a big huge learning from it, something we can keep going? Perhaps. I mean, it was definitely something different than what we've done before, although we have done player-based things in the past, and we've done tournaments in the past, this was just kind of marrying them together. So that's not to say we can do it every day or that this is something that is going to set some kind of precedent for us. But it certainly is interesting. It was a lot of fun to do. And it undoubtedly increased interest and engagement with the game. And as our financial results ultimately reflect all of these things happening for us at once. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: A little bit along the lines of the last question. In the last couple of years, you've really extended the life span of NBA 2K very deep into the annual cycle, far beyond where it used to be sort of falling off. Do you think NBA 2K League has been an important part of that? If so, is there anything you can point to, specifically, where the league has really helped engage with the overall game? Or do you think the 2 are incidental to each other? 
Strauss Zelnick: Very hard to point to it. But I think the NBA 2K League is not only an interesting opportunity as a stand-alone, but also forms part of building the brand and building overall engagement. I think you're 100% right. It used to be a 3-month experience, then it became a 6-month experience. Now it's very close toward a year-long experience, and that's very much our goal. And that's really a reflection of NBA 2K morphing from being the highest quality sim in the market to one of the highest quality interactive entertainment experiences of any kind. And it's both a sim and a lifestyle in a world you can inhabit that's constantly evolving and changing. So that's very much the goal of visual concepts, and you're seeing that goal being realized, and I believe you'll see it be more and more realized. Does the league form a part of that? Unquestionably. We also expect it to be very successful on a stand-alone basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Giaimo with Jefferies. 
Alexander Giaimo: Karl, a follow-up to a previous question, but the upcoming game pipeline for 93 new titles that you mentioned last quarter that will launch by, I think it was fiscal '25. Should we expect a similar cadence as we've seen in the past of maybe 1 nonsports AAA title per year? And I think it's 11 franchises in your portfolio now that have sold in at least 5 million units. Is it also fair to assume that the content plate will include sequels to most of those bigger franchises? 
Karl Slatoff: The -- certainly, the development pipeline certainly does include sequels to the bigger franchises. And in some cases, could include sequels from new franchises to the extent they actually work. So that -- there's no doubt that, that's the case. 
 I'm sorry, what was the first part of the question? 
Alexander Giaimo: If in the past, I think the goal has been 1 nonsports AAA title per year. Is that the cadence we should still think about? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, look, it's again, I think, look, 1, 2, whatever it may be, that is obviously our goal, to come up with more than 1 -- more than what we have now and to be more consistent with the number of AAA releases that come out every year in addition to our annualized title. So whether that number is 1 to 3, that certainly would be the goal. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Gee with Bank of America. 
Ryan Gee: So the 100% plus growth in MyTeam players, certainly consistent with demand we're seeing for expression personalization in games right now. Does this speak to the opportunity for a nonsim game from the NFL? And why 2021 is the right time and place to deliver that game? And then on a related matter, the doubling of the NBA players, I think it was last quarter. Can you speak to how much you've seen in growth in the players brand-new to the franchise? So that as you look forward, even if you lost some of these kind of French casual guys, you'll still be net ahead. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I would just observe, as I did previously that the game already offers numerous opportunities that are in addition to the sim, the core sim game. And we'll leave to Visual Concepts, how that will be expressed going forward. But right now, we think NBA 2K offers something for everyone. You want the best sim game, it's there. You want an opportunity to experience great music, it's there. Great characters, it's there. Play outside of the sim game, it's there or just experience the world. That's a possibility, too. So I'm sure there'll be much more to talk about, and we'll let Visual Concepts and 2K talk about it. 
 In terms of data around players, we don't tend to go into that much detail. But with 14 million units sold, 18% greater than last year, wonderful engagement and enormous growth in recurrent consumer spending, I think you can safely assume that the audience is expanding. 
Karl Slatoff: And also, to answer your question about football, look, we obviously think that there's a significant opportunity for nonsimulation gameplay with the NFL, the football business. Otherwise, we wouldn't have done that partnership, and won't be so excited about it. 
 The fact the success of MyTeam isn't necessarily a barometer for that. There are so many different kinds of nonsimulation play and whether the MyTeam phenomenon is relevant or not, remains to be seen. But in respect of that, the nonsim market is very exciting for us, and that's why we're going forward with NFL with that. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Strauss Zelnick for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you so much for joining us today. On behalf of everyone at Take-Two, we appreciate your interest. We appreciate your support, and we'd like to wish you all a happy, healthy and most of all safe summer. Thank you for joining us. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-05-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020, ended March 31, 2020. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Before I begin, on behalf of our entire management team and colleagues around the world, I'd like to express our deep condolences for those who've lost their lives or lost family members during this pandemic. In every corner of the world, heroes in the form of first responders and health care workers put their lives at risk to take care of the ill, preserve life and enable societies to return to normal, for which we're all incredibly grateful. I'm also proud of our entire organization for seamlessly and successfully shifting to a work-from-home environment to keep our company moving forward and to continue to deliver the best entertainment experiences to our audiences. 
 Turning to our business. Our significantly better-than-expected fourth quarter results concluded another extraordinary year for Take-Two, during which we achieved numerous milestones, including record net bookings of nearly $3 billion as well as record digitally delivered net bookings, o recurrent consumer spending and earnings. Nearly all of our titles outperformed in the fourth quarter, including NBA 2K20, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2, Borderlands 3 and Social Point's mobile games, to name just a few. During the fourth quarter, both recurrent consumer spending on and full game sales of NBA 2K20 significantly outperformed our expectations. Consumer engagement with NBA 2K remained at record levels throughout fiscal 2020 with daily active users growing 13% and MyTeam users increasing nearly 50%. During the fourth quarter, over 9 million hours of NBA 2K gameplay were watched on Twitch across more than 1,100 channels, representing a 40% increase over the third quarter. This strong engagement began prior to people sheltering at home and resulted in recurrent consumer spending growth of 18% in the fourth quarter, reversing our expectation of a decline. This positive trend was driven primarily by the success of February content drops for MyTeam. For the full year, recurrent consumer spending on the NBA 2K franchise grew nearly 30% to a new record and remained the largest contributor to that part of our business. To date, NBA 2K20 is sold in over 12 million units, up 33% over NBA 2K19 in the same period. We now expect the lifetime units recurrent consumer spending and net bookings for NBA 2K20 will be the highest ever for a 2K sports title. I'd like to thank visual concepts in 2K for doing an incredible job addressing the prior issues with NBA 2K20 and delivering another year of record results. 
 As part of our broader support of those in need during the COVID-19 pandemic, 2K partnered with the NBA, NBA players association and ESPN to create the NBA 2K players tournament comprised of 16 NBA stars that raised funds for the Arizona Food Bank network. We are incredibly proud to include this unique program among our worldwide COVID-19 response initiatives. The positive momentum for Grand Theft Auto Online continues with superlative performance in both players and net bookings. Since the July launch of the Diamond Casino & Resort update, Grand Theft Auto Online achieved its best-ever monthly active users in both July and August 2019 and then grew sequentially each month from December 2019 through March 2020. This exceptional engagement helped to drive recurrent consumer spending growth of 87% during the fourth quarter and 40% for the full fiscal year, new records in both periods. In addition, sales of Grand Theft Auto V surpassed our expectations, and the title is now sold in over 130 million units, further cementing its position as the must-have title of the current console generation. Red Dead Redemption 2 also exceeded our expectations in the fourth quarter and to date has sold in more than 31 million units worldwide. Both engagement and recurrent consumer spending on Red Dead Online continue to gain momentum. Net bookings grew 62% in the fourth quarter and more than tripled for the full year, excluding digital content bundled with the Red Dead Redemption 2 premium additions. Throughout the coming year Rockstar Games will continue to support both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online with more content updates to keep new and returning players excited and engaged. 
 Borderlands 3, the latest installment in our genre-defining shooter-looter series outperformed our expectations in the fourth quarter and the title is now sold in over 10 million units, up 50% over Borderlands 2 in the same period. On March 13, Borderlands 3 was released on an array of PC retailers, including Steam, where sales of the game exceeded our projections. During the fourth quarter, 2K and Gearbox launched Guns, Love, and Tentacles: The Marriage of Wainwright & Hammerlock, the second of 4 announced paid campaigns that are included in the Borderlands 3 Super Deluxe Edition and the Season Pass or it can be purchased separately upon release. The Season Pass attach rate for Borderlands 3 continues to be the highest in 2Ks in the franchise's history, and there's more content coming. Borderline 3s monthly active users have steadily climbed in each month during the fourth quarter. And in March, we had the largest influx of new players since the launch due to its release on Steam. We attribute this success in part to 2K's and Gearbox software's continued effort to support Borderlands 3 as a live service game with weekly events, free content drops and consistent communication with fans that should continue to benefit the title and the series over the long term. 
 During fiscal 2020, Private Division launched their most successful release to date with The Outer Worlds. The title is an immense critical and commercial success and has significantly exceeded our expectations with more than 2.5 million units sold in to-date. The Outer Worlds is a perfect example of how Private Division can complement our core portfolio selectively and contribute meaningful results to our bottom line. Our fiscal 2020 results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings led by NBA 2K19, Sid Meiers Civilization VI, Social Point's mobile games and the WWE 2K series. In fiscal 2020, recurring consumer spending grew 34% to a new record and accounted for 51% of our total net bookings. In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, recurring consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. In the free-to-play category, Social Point outperformed our expectations in the fourth quarter and remains a significant contributor to our results through its 2 biggest games: Dragon City and Monster Legends as well as Word Life, Tasty Town and World Chef. Social Point continues to invest in its broad and innovate pipeline of more than 10 new games planned for launch in the coming years. 
 WWE SuperCard also outperformed during the fourth quarter, growing 20%. The title has now been downloaded more than 20 million times and remains 2K's highest grossing mobile title. And NBA 2K Online in China significantly exceeded our expectations, growing 37% and 25% during the fourth quarter and full year, respectively. The title remains the #1 PC online sports game in China with more than 49 million registered users. Add-on content grew 85% in fiscal 2020, led by offerings for the Borderlands franchise, Sid Meiers Civilization VI and WWE 2K20.  Finally, sales of Borderlands 3 premium additions, which include additional content that is allocated to recurrent consumer spending, also contributed positively to our results. 
 Looking ahead, our company has the strongest development pipeline in its history, including sequels from our biggest franchises as well as exciting new IP. While fiscal 2021 will be a light year for new releases, we expect to deliver strong results, due to the diversity and strength of our catalog and live service offerings. Transition to a new console cycle is always a very exciting time for our industry, and our development teams are already taking their creative aspirations to a new level by finding ways to push the limits of this new technology; however, the speed of these transitions can be unpredictable, particularly in a year upended by COVID-19. And our fiscal 2021 release slate reflects our strategy to bring our creative achievements to the largest possible audience. Our commitment to deliver the highest quality titles and give them optimal conditions to achieve success remains resolute. We have an array of titles that we'll begin to launch in fiscal 2022, which we expect to drive sequential growth that year. Karl will discuss this in more detail shortly. 
 There's no doubt that our recent results have benefited from people sheltering at home as players have sought interactive entertainment to stay connected and engaged with friends and family. The connections and communities built will remain in place once people resume their normal activities and should continue to benefit our industry's results. We're fortunate to work in an industry that can bring some positivity in a difficult time. As previously mentioned, all of Take-Two's labels have come together to deliver a portion of proceeds from April and May to COVID-19 charities worldwide. Looking ahead, Take-Two remains superbly positioned creatively, operationally and financially, to capitalize on the many positive trends in our industry and to deliver continued growth and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to join Strauss in expressing our condolences to all those who have lost loved ones and are facing adversity during this global pandemic. We at Take-Two are very fortunate to have colleagues around the world who continue to dedicate themselves to our mission despite very difficult and uncertain times. I'll now discuss our recent and upcoming releases. On April 24, 2K and games released XCOM: Chimera Squad, an all-new standalone title in the award-winning, turn-based, XCOM tactical series. Set 5 years after the events of XCOM 2, Chimera Squad provides a dynamic and unique experience for fans and new players. The title has received strong reviews, including 4.5 out of 5 stars from Screen Rant, who said Chimera Squad is a worthy addition for any turn-based strategy fan collection. Comics & Gaming Magazine gave the title in 8.5 out of 10 and called it a whole new dimension of strategy. Yesterday, 2K launched the Mafia Trilogy for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. The Trilogy combines all 3 previously released Mafia titles into a single package curated by 2K's Hangar 13 development studio. Mafia II and Mafia III are currently available with the purchase of the Trilogy, while Mafia I will be delivered on August 28, as the game is being completely remade from the ground up, including new technology, new voice acting, new game mechanics and more. 
 Starting tomorrow and through March 2021, 2K and Firaxis Games will begin their bimonthly release of 6 downloadable content packs as part of the all-new Sid Meier's Civilization VI  New Frontier Pass for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and PC. Later this year, the new Frontier Pass will come to mobile platform and each pack will be available for individual purchase. The new Frontier Pass will provide 8 new civilizations, 9 new leaders and a variety of new gameplay modes and content. In addition, Firaxis Games will also provide free updates between packs that feature new maps, scenarios, balance updates and more. On May 29, 2K will continue to bolster our offerings for the Nintendo Switch with some of their most popular and successful franchises, including BioShock: The Collection, the Borderlands Legendary Collection and the XCOM 2 Collection. In addition, on June 5, Private Division will release the critically acclaimed player choice-driven RPG, the Outer Worlds for the Switch. On June 16, Private Division will launch Disintegration for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Developed by V1 Interactive, the independent studio founded by Halo co-creator, Marcus Lehto, disintegration is a Sci-Fi first person shooter that blends real-time tactical elements to create an entirely new experience featuring a thrilling single player campaign as well as frenetic multiplayer gameplay, Disintegration is currently available for preorder, including an array of bonus cosmetic digital content for use in multiplayer modes. 
 Early this week, Private Division and Squad announced a partnership with the European Space Agency to launch a new Kerbal Space Program update entitled Shared Horizons, which is planned to launch on PC on July 1, 2020. The update will also be available later this year on consoles. Shared Horizons celebrates the European Space Agency's outstanding contribution to space exploration and will be a free update for all players of the critically acclaimed space simulation game. On August 21, 2K will release PGA Tour 2K21 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. Developed by HB Studios, PGA Tour 2K21 will feature PGA Tour professional, Justin Thomas, on the cover; officially licensed pro players, courses and gear; the most realistic course scanning to date; play-by-play commentary by Luke Elvy and Rich Beem; a new PGA TOUR Career Mode, online and local multiplayer; course and player customization; and online societies. In addition, throughout the coming months, 2K will release additional content offerings for NBA 2K20 and Borderlands 3. Additional details will be revealed shortly. And Rockstar Games will continue to provide an array of content and gameplay experiences for the vast open worlds of Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, which continues to set engagement records. 
 Selectively expanding our sports offerings remains an exciting growth opportunity for our company. In March, 2K announced a partnership with the NFL, encompassing multiple games. The partnership marks the return of football theme games to 2K's stable of renowned sports titles as well as an expansion of video game properties for the NFL. While specific game titles, developers and release dates will be revealed over time, we can confirm that these projects will be non-simulation football game experiences and will launch starting in calendar year 2021, during fiscal 2022. We're thrilled to be back in business with the NFL, which is one of the most successful sports brands in the world. We're confident that our forthcoming NFL offerings will be extremely fun, highly engaging and deeply social experiences. Last month, 2K announced that it would be extending the production time line for the next WWE 2K franchise simulation game to ensure that the development team at visual concepts has the opportunity to create the best experience possible. We also believe that there is a meaningful opportunity to expand our WWE offerings. To that end, 2K announced WWE 2K Battlegrounds, a completely new gaming experience that will feature arcade-style action and over-the-top superstar designs, environments and moves. WWE 2K Battlegrounds is being developed by Saber Interactive, the studio behind NBA 2K Playgrounds, and is scheduled to launch this fall. 2K will have more to share about the games in the coming months. The team at Private Division's new Seattle studio remains hard at work on Kerbal Space Program 2, the next-generation of the popular space simulation franchise. Due to delays from COVID-19, we are moving the release of the game for fall 2021 in order to provide the team with the time they need to create the best Kerbal Space Program experience possible. 
 Turning to eSports. On May 5, the NBA 2K league began its 2020 season, planning at least 6 weeks of remote gameplay. All 23 NBA 2K league teams are participating in regular-season gameplay in their local markets from their homes with games simulcast live on the NBA 2K League's Twitch and YouTube channels. Details surrounding the remainder of the 2020 season schedule and structure will be shared as information becomes available. We are very excited about the continued progress and growth of the league, which has a long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company. In order to build the scale of our organization, we continue to make significant investments to enhance our industry-leading portfolio of intellectual property. I'll now provide visibility into our long-term pipeline which is the strongest in our company's history. Note that we are only including full game releases and not add on content. Across our internally-owned labels and outside development studio partners, we currently have 93 titles planned for release over the next 5 years through fiscal 2025. Of the 93 titles, 63, are core gaming experiences, including 15 platform extensions of existing titles; 17 are mid-core or arcade-style experiences and 13 titles are casual experiences. 47 of these 93 titles are from existing franchises and 46 are from new intellectual properties. In terms of platforms, 72 of the 93 titles are planned for console, PC and/or streaming, including 7 that will also be available on mobile and 21 are planned specifically for mobile. With respect to business models, 67 of the 93 are games that are required to be purchased and 26 are free-to-play. Note that these figures reflect a snapshot of our current pipeline as it stands today. It is likely that some of these titles will not be developed through completion, and we will undoubtedly be adding new titles to our slate. 
 As Strauss mentioned, fiscal 2021 will be a light new release year; however, given our strong pipeline and expectations for increasing recurring consumer spending, we expect sequential growth to resume in fiscal 2022. In closing, we are incredibly excited about the many long-term opportunities for our company to deliver the most captivating and engaging experiences in all of entertainment to audiences around the world. Whether capitalizing on new platforms, embracing new business models and distribution channels and expanding into emerging markets, 2K is exceedingly well positioned to generate value to consumers as well as growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results and then review our financial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2021. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. I would also like to express my deepest condolences to those who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. I'm also immensely proud of my colleagues around the world, who continue to support our organization with the utmost level of professionalism and dedication to both our business and consumers. As Strauss mentioned, our significantly better-than-expected fourth quarter results finished a terrific year for Take-Two, during which we achieved record results. 
 Starting with the fourth quarter, total net bookings grew 49% to $729 million, as compared to our outlook of $540 million to $590 million. This outstanding result was driven by the exceptional performance of our titles in the fourth quarter. Recurrent consumer spending grew 47% and accounted for 61% of total net bookings as compared to our outlook of over 10% growth. Recurrent consumer spending exceeded our outlook due primarily to the record performance of NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online. Digitally delivered net bookings grew 60% and accounted for 92% of the total as compared to our outlook of over 20% growth. This result exceeded our outlook due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending and digitally delivered full game sales. During the fourth quarter, 65% of sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 57% last year. GAAP net revenue grew 41% to $761 million and cost of goods sold increased to $396 million. Operating expenses increased by 9% to $243 million, due primarily to higher R&D expense and GAAP net income grew to $123 million or $1.07 per share as compared to $57 million or $0.50 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. 
 Turning to our fiscal 2020 results. Total net bookings grew to a new record of $2.99 billion. This extraordinary result was driven by growth from NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V and the record-breaking launch of Borderlands 3. Recurrent consumer spending grew 34% to a new record and accounted for 51% of total net bookings. This exceeded our outlook of 25% growth. Digitally delivered net bookings grew 35% to a new record of $2.4 billion and accounted for 82% of the total. This too exceeded our outlook of 25% growth due to better-than-expected recurring concur spending and digitally delivered full game sales. During fiscal 2020, 55% of sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 38% last year. Non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow was $615 million as compared to our outlook of over $500 million. During fiscal 2020, we spent $53 million in capital expenditures. At fiscal year-end, our cash and short-term investments balance was over $2 billion. GAAP net revenue grew 16% to $3.09 billion and cost of goods sold increased to $1.5 billion. Operating expenses increased by 20% to $1.1 billion due primarily to higher R&D and marketing expenses. And GAAP net income grew to $404 million or $3.54 per share. Today, we gave a strong initial outlook for fiscal 2021. Our operating results are currently expected to be lower than fiscal 2020 due to the likely reschedule, coupled with continued investments in our future pipeline that should enable us to scale further and improve margins over time. 
 When people began the shelter-at-home, we saw an increase in consumer engagement with our titles due to the online accessibility and the social nature of our products. We're continuing to experience this positive trend, which is reflected in our first quarter outlook. We have not included any additional benefit from this trend in our outlook for the back half of the year nor we assumed a deep recession or further delays in releases, which could affect our results. Now to our guidance. Starting with the fiscal first quarter. We project net bookings to range from $800 million to $850 million, up 93% from $422 million in the first quarter last year. This increase is being driven primarily by expected growth from Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and the Borderlands franchise. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K20, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Borderlands 3. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 75%. This growth is expected to be driven primarily by Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K20. We also expect digitally delivered net bookings to double. Our forecast assumes that 81% of our current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 75% in the same period last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $775 million to $825 million and cost of goods sold to range from $392 million to $480 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $267 million to $277 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 10% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher R&D expense and charitable contribution. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $103 million to $116 million or $0.90 to $1 per share.  For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 16% throughout fiscal 2021. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We project net bookings to range from $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion. We expect growth from NBA 2K to be offset by lower results from Borderlands 3, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Grand Theft Auto V. Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, excluding digital content bundles with the premium addition, are projected to be approximately in line with fiscal 2020. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Social Point's mobile games, Borderlands 3, Civilization VI and The Outer Worlds. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division and Social Point. And we forecast our geographic net booking split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We expect recurrent consumer spending to be roughly flat as compared to fiscal 2020, driven primarily by growth from NBA 2K, offset by lower allocated recurrent consumer spending from the Borderlands 3 and Red Dead Redemption 2 premium edition. The current consumer spending as a percentage of our business is expected to grow to approximately 60% versus 51% last year. We project digitally-delivered net bookings to decline by about 8%. As a percent of our business, digital is projected to represent 86%, up from 82% last year. Our forecast assumes that 68% of current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 55% last year. We expect to generate more than $350 million in non-GAAP adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $75 million for capital expenditures. The increase in capital expenditures over the prior year was primarily due to spending on studio and office build-outs and IT expense. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.63 to $2.73 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.19 to $1.24 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.10 to $1.12 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 1% decrease over the prior year, driven by lower marketing and stock compensation expenses, partially offset by higher R&D expense and charitable contribution. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $299 million to $329 million or $2.60 to $2.85 per share. 
 In closing, fiscal 2020 was a record year for Take-Two, whether delivering incredible stand-alone entertainment experiences or providing engaging live services that captivate and connect communities around the world, our ability to serve our audiences has never been better. Fiscal 2021 promises to be another great year for our organization, and we are well positioned to both capitalize on the many opportunities within our industry and to navigate the uncertainties of these times. We have the strongest development pipeline in our company's history, and we expect sequential growth to resume in fiscal 2022. With our world-class creative assets, focus on operational excellence and disciplined approach to capital allocation, Take-Two is positioned to generate significant growth and margin expansion over the long term. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work, their commitment to excellence and for delivering another outstanding year, particularly under these circumstances. For our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. 
Colin Sebastian: Congrats on the strong quarter and hope you all are doing well. And also, thanks for the visibility on the pipeline, that's very helpful. I was wondering if you could add any color on the linearity of planned releases over that 3- or 4-year time period. And then, Strauss, maybe a bigger picture question, as the publisher of the world's most successful open world franchise, I wonder if you think there's a real business opportunity for a metaverse type environment. I know this is one of the more topical discussion points in certain industry circles right now, but with the next-gen on the horizon and given what we've just been going through, I wonder if you see any potential for that. 
Strauss Zelnick: By linearity, I think what you're asking, Colin, is, should we expect a gentle constant upward sloping curve of our releases, net bookings and cash flow? And the answer is, we really are aiming to have a handful or greater of new significant releases every year from existing franchises and new intellectual property. And as you could tell from Karl's description, we have plenty of great content coming that reflects that desire. But it doesn't mean that in any given year, there'll be linearity as you put it. And this year, fiscal '21 reflects that. The good news is that with our strong catalog, with our live service offerings and with our annual releases, we can have great strength even in a light year, even though it's not our goal to have a light year and then do even better in the year where we have -- we're able to launch a number of titles, which is our strategy and even better than that, if we're fortunate enough to have a blockbuster title, and we have some of those as well. So the variability in our results, I don't think will ever go away, not when you have some of the biggest entertainment properties on earth that don't come out every year, that can't come out every year, if they are to remain the biggest titles. So that's my view on linearity. Definitely, our goal is to be smoother and to grow. There will still be some variability. And while I'd love to answer your question more broadly, I really think that's more a label question than anything else. As soon as we get into the nature of the content and what we're doing in the future, those questions are better answered by our labels. We aim to give as much visibility as we can on these calls. But when we get into specific core creative matters, we'll announce that at the label level in due time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I just had a question about the pipeline visibility. Could you just give us a sense of what the completion rate for games in development have been in the past? And could you just help us think about exactly what a core gaming experience is? I think you guys said 72 games for PC console streaming over the next 5 years, so it's 14 games a year on average. Is this just a significant increase in output relative to what you've done in the past? Or is there add-on content or something else in those numbers? 
Karl Slatoff: Just to answer the last part of your question first, we did not include add on content in those numbers. So those are all full game releases. And how we define is a bit of hard to, but how we define what our core experience is, what we really -- this is not necessarily to say to reflect that means the largest investments that we make. They tend to be bigger investments because core games tend to be bigger games and more engaging, targeting more core gamers, but it doesn't necessarily mean that. And as we said before, there is a lot of new IP. And generally speaking, you can really expect on the new IP front is much more risky. And generally speaking, our development budgets are going to be lower for new IP. So there'll be a wide range of investments across all of our types of releases we're doing, including core games. But the core games are really those looking for engaging experiences where you could play anywhere from 5 minutes to 5 hours at a time, right? So it's really things that set the -- AAA is probably the wrong way to commentate it because that does condensate investment. And that's not specifically what we're talking about here. Then the first part of the question, I forgot it was? 
Michael Ng: It was about the percentage of games in development that typically go through completion in the past? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I don't have a specific number there for you. Obviously, though, games that are coming out that are part of existing franchises, the rate of completion on that is obviously much, much higher. For new IPs, in various stages of development, I mean, for something that might be in a prototype stage, maybe you could be anywhere from -- it could be half the time or it could be 75% of the time, it really just depends. And we've got titles that are in various different stages of development in that pipeline that I suggested. And look, the more new projects that we have with new IP, you could probably expect that completion rate to be lower than if it was just all existing franchises. And we do have a lot of IP in there. And just to stress again, those numbers assume that all those things come out, which we know is not going to be the case, but it also assumes that nothing gets added to the release slate, which also is not going to be the case. So this is a larger pipeline than we've had before. We've been talking about this for quite some time. And our expectation is we'd like to keep up this velocity. It's really important for us to build scale, and this is one way that we're doing it. We need more to add that. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: I have one on NBA and one high-level question. So the one on NBA, I noticed that NBA 2K21 is still slated for fall 2020. Any thoughts you can provide on what will happen to that title in its release date if the NBA season continues to be suspended through the rest of the calendar year? And then, Strauss, you mentioned in the past that consumers on average watch 150 hours of linear TV and 45 hours of video games. How has that -- those hours increase or shifted during the current COVID environment? And what is your vision on what a post-COVID world will look like in terms of time spent on entertainment and video games? 
Karl Slatoff: Sure. This is Karl for NBA. Look, obviously, we're hoping that we're going to have an NBA season, and we have actually been through -- we've had history with NBA seasons not starting on time in the past. We've had a strike situation in the past. So we have familiarity with that. We don't want to say that it wouldn't impact the game at all, but we tend to be able to continue our business in a robust way even in the light of delays in season starting or in different kinds of season starting. So obviously, all of us, around the world, hope that we've got an NBA season. If we don't for some reason, I think the game as a standalone basis is a compelling experience, and we'll be fine. 
Strauss Zelnick: And this is Strauss. Regarding engagement, Activate, which is a leading media consultancy, just provided us with some research. All groups, all age groups, all demographics during this COVID shelter-in-place time period, time spent with gaming has increased about 39%, while time spent with video, linear entertainment, has increased about 43%. So they're in the same ballpark, but linear entertainment did increase more. But what's interesting is their research shows that post-COVID, once people return to their normal routines, they expect time spent with gaming to grow at a greater rate, about 14%, a sustained increase of about 14% versus about an 8% sustained increase in time spent with linear entertainment with video compared to pre-COVID-19 levels. 
 So I think it represents a sea change, a shift, and we're going to begin to see meaningful growth in interactive entertainment that meaningfully outstrips the growth in linear entertainment, a trend that we've seen of late, of course. But I think that the lines are going to begin to diverge in the favor of interactive entertainment. And why do I think that? I think that sheltering at home, tragic as it is, sad as it is, has caused people to look for entertainment. And people have returned to interactive entertainment, new people have come to it, and they realize not only is it beautiful, not only is it engaging, not only is it fun and potentially competitive depending on the game, not only are there great stories and characters, but you can also be engaged with friends and communities all around the world. You can create new friends and communities all around the world while you're playing those games, and you can play with those people because you can connect with them. You can talk to them while you're playing over chat clients. So this is not a moment for celebration. We're deeply saddened by what's going on in the world, but the view -- I think the smart view is that all pre-existing trends have been accelerated by this crisis. And the shift to interactive entertainment and the growth in the sector is one of those trends. Now with all that said, we still have to execute every day. The growth in the sector is not going to help us if we don't make great games, if we don't deliver hits. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. 
Brian Fitzgerald: I wanted to ask about what you see on a regional basis, if there's any differentiating engagement dynamics as we kind of meter through areas getting hard hit and then responding a bit, China, and then as places around the world return to some of the normal on the development side. How was your shift to work from home? Was that kind of lockstep, no real problems? And then what are you seeing as regions start to get back to work in Asia Pac? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Brian. I'm sorry for the delay. We're all working remotely. We don't see meaningful differences regionally. And so far, we have not seen meaningful changes as regions have gone back to work. For example, NBA 2K Online in China now has 49 million registered users, remains the #1 PC sports title in China, and it was up 25% year-over-year. I think it was up about 40% in the quarter. So we are not seeing meaningful differences. We are not seeing significant changes as people head back to work, but I think it is fully our expectation that -- and I just -- I reflected that in the research I just quoted, that this level of engagement will not stay the same as things return to normal, but we do think it will be higher than it was before. 
 And in terms of working from home, look, we're very fortunate. We got a real wake-up call during Hurricane Sandy when we were not really particularly prepared and ever since then, which was quite some time ago. We've been a company, in addition to being a highly compliant company but a company that's on disaster recovery and we have state-of-the-art systems. In fact, we had planned, completely apart from this crisis, to have a work-from-home test day on March 12, and then it turns out -- we had to go live right about then. Anyhow, a week after that, we had 5,000 people effectively working from home, completely set up with all the equipment they needed. And because we know when people are connected online, of course, we could see that their productivity, if anything, had increased over working in the office and as people got used to sitting in one place with not much else to do in front of their desktops. We're fortunate. We have an incredibly talented, hardworking group of colleagues who really believe in this company's mission and who largely, I hope, mostly love working together. And we saw it as our mission to uplift people during this very difficult time. And we're very connected with our teams. We're talking to them all the time. I'm doing 3 town hall meetings next week on Zoom, 3 different time zones. I hope to connect with almost everyone who works at the company. 
 So it's gone incredibly well and we really haven't missed a beat. Over time, I think it gets harder, but I still don't expect that we will miss a beat. But it does get harder. I'm not of the view that you start shutting down your real estate and everyone works from home and it's just as effective. I think it's pretty close to as effective in a pinch, in a crisis like this where you have no choice and people see it's their obligation to pull together and do great work, but there's no substitute for in-person collaboration and connection. 
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. 
Eric Sheridan: Maybe I can ask another sort of longer-term question on the back of some of the answers you've given on the current environment and what it means for engagement long term. What you've seen so far -- and I know it's a short period of time over the last couple of months and against pretty horrible backdrop, but has that changed at all your view with the way in which games should be distributed or maybe thinking about game development or even more thinking about game monetization over the long term as you see that type of increased engagement levels maybe playing out for interactive payment over the medium to long term, moving beyond just the quality of the content, also the form and manner of monetization to make sure they're capturing that surge in engagement? 
Strauss Zelnick: I'm sure there are many things that we have learned already and can learn. We haven't seen a massive change in our approach. And remember, when we talk about monetization, our goal is always to deliver a phenomenal entertainment experience, first and foremost. And we figure that if we do that, monetization takes care of itself. Our goal is not to constantly build monetization. Naturally, we need to get paid appropriately so we can share the proceeds with our talented colleagues and create a return for our investors and it's our job to do both. And we care about all of our constituents. So we're not a charitable organization. We're a for-profit organization. Obviously, we wouldn't be on the call if we weren't. But monetization isn't a problem for this organization. When we put out the best entertainment on earth, people show up for it. If we give them something that's incredibly valuable, they pay for it. We take it as axiomatic that the nature of an experience is the intersection of the quality of the experience and whether you feel you receive value for that experience. If you go to a phenomenal restaurant and have an incredible meal but the bill 
 [Audio Gap] 
 it should have cost, you're not going back. Even if you can afford it, even if you're price-inelastic, you're not going back. It just doesn't feel good. So we need to make sure that we always deliver more than what we charge, and that's the goal of our company and that's the goal of all of our labels. With all that said, with increased engagement comes increased monetization. You're seeing the effects of that in these results and in this initial guidance. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Gee with Bank of America. 
Ryan Gee: A couple of quick ones for you here, one for Lainie then maybe for Karl. Lainie, if we rewind back to fiscal '18, that's probably the last year you didn't really have any big new AAA titles beyond sports. I noticed that the profit margin, earnings per share was higher than what you're guiding to for fiscal '21, even at the high end. I know there are share count and tax rate differences going on, but maybe what's the 1 or 2 differences you would call us to as to why fiscal '21 maybe doesn't look as robust as compared to fiscal '18? 
 And then, Karl, just on Mafia real quick. Can you remind us how material that franchise has been for Take-Two in the past? It sounds like this Trilogy is a quasi-new game with some ports and remasters along with it. So what's the opportunity we should really think about this type of game, the Trilogy, in '21? 
Lainie Goldstein: Ryan, I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I can tell you off the top of my head, for sure. It's going to be higher R&D expense is going to definitely be one of those numbers that are much higher right now. As Karl talked about our release sched, our pipeline of titles has grown significantly over the last couple of years. And you've seen the detail about our titles and what we have coming out in the next 5 years. That has been something that we've worked on growing significantly. And as we look at the development, a lot of that is going to R&D expense, which has grown our operating expense line. And since that's going through the OpEx, that has affected our bottom line margin for the business and that -- as well as our overall G&A expense, which has grown for higher personnel and IT expense for cybersecurity as well as just overall IT expense for the business and our online games. I think that's probably where you're seeing the biggest increase for the overall business. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of the Mafia opportunity, Mafia has been an incredibly successful franchise for us over a long period of time between Mafia I, Mafia II and Mafia III. And just to give you an idea, Mafia III has already sold in -- about 7 million units or so. Mafia II is also incredibly successful and Mafia I as well. So it's been a significant contributor for us. We're really excited about the Trilogy. It is the same 3 games but it is -- there's obviously much more improvements that are occurring with the game. The Mafia I is going to be basically completely remade -- I mean it's not fully really remade but there's going to be new tech, there's going to be new voice acting, new game mechanics and a lot more than that. So there is quite a bit of work that's going into bringing out the Trilogy. And we've had great success with bringing out these collections. And again, even though they're not brand-new experiences, there's always a new audience to catch and then there's always a new experience depending on the generation that each of those individual titles came out where even existing fans can enjoy it in a different way. So it's been meaningful for us as a franchise, and we're really excited about the Trilogy coming out. 
Operator: Next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: Two on GTA. So recently, there's been an offering on the Epic Games store where people have been able to get GTA for free on PC. Can you update us on your thinking about lowering barriers to entry to some of these big RCS-driven games, whether it's NBA 2K or obviously this recent thing with GTA? Presumably, getting people into the ecosystem, driving the network effects and engaging them and ultimately monetizing that engagement is such a big part of the business. How do you think about the risk/reward of bringing people in for free versus charging them for upfront access? And has that changed at all recently? And then just following up on something came up earlier in the call. You mentioned 15 platform extensions. Is GTA V one of those 15? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Brian, for your question. I think your question was also pretty good answer. It's sort of all of the above. Grand Theft Auto V is a 7-year old title. Obviously, it's been offered at lower price points than its initial release price point. And we do have a -- obviously an online offering, and there are monetization opportunities within that offering. So specific promotions with specific outlets with specific deals behind them can make sense to us. And we do believe that it's a great idea, in general, to grow the audience, grow engagement, grow users. And with that will come more net bookings and will come more profits. So that was the thesis behind it. We're very, very selective in those kinds of promotions, and they typically are only available for limited periods of time when they make sense for catalog titles. And we haven't yet made any announcements that we -- that are reflected in today's release. And as you know, we don't talk about specific new titles at these calls. We leave those discussions to the labels. 
Operator: Our next question is from Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: For either Karl or Strauss, whoever feels like it. I hope you don't mind me going back to the engagement question yet one more time, but I'd love to explore it this way. When you think about the increased engagement recently, can you help us understand how much of that you think is proportionately driven by existing gamers who are playing more versus perhaps lapsed gamers who have come back versus perhaps new people to gaming? And any differences in that answer based on either platform, PC versus console versus mobile, or by your major franchises. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. In terms of engagement, I'm probably going to give you an answer that's not overly satisfying, but the answer to your question is it's really both. It's all of those things. It's new gamers. It's existing gamers. It's people coming back to the franchises. And we track all of that. We don't publicize it but we track all of that. And really, what keeps people coming -- if they're coming back -- and even keeps new people coming in, is a constant release of new content. I mean because every time we come out with new content, there is ultimately some publicity around that and it brings people back in the franchise. It keeps people engaged who are currently engaged with the franchise, and it also brings new folks in. So it really is all of the above. And I really haven't seen that change so much specifically as it relates to anything going on during the pandemic, but obviously, there are other avenues open to us to bring new folks in. I mean we're always playing with pricing models. We mentioned we're doing things like putting things into subscription-oriented services or getting things away for a certain time. All of that generates new excitement and engagement for our franchises and for our games. That is -- hopefully continues well into the future. It isn't just a temporary thing, and we've seen that time over time. 
 And I'd like to point out we're still really in experimental mode. We're getting better and better and our investment in data analytics really allows us to show -- to see in real-time what these things do for us. Where do we get the most engagement? How does a new player coming in, in a free context or subscription service context or in a low price context compare to someone who came in paying full price? What does that cohort look like? And we're getting better and better at analyzing that so that we optimize all of our promotional activity to maximize our economic opportunities. 
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Strauss, when you look at -- given all of the games that you have in your pipeline now, I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about scale and infrastructure. And if even half of those games come to fruition, do you have everything you need in place in terms of personnel to effectively distribute these games and market these games? 
Strauss Zelnick: I thought you were going to ask do we have everything in place to develop, and we still will be building up our development teams. In terms of marketing and distribution, yes, I mean one of the reasons that we've talked about the need for scale in order to have competitive operating margins. We already have competitive gross margins, highly competitive gross margins. To have competitive operating margins, you need scale with the same level of success of your games, and that's our goal here. But the reason you get those higher operating margins with more net bookings is because you don't build up your fixed overhead and your fixed overhead would typically include marketing and distribution expenses. I fully expect that our distribution will become more efficient as the world moves more to digital distribution. We already have a highly efficient distribution mechanism. And yes, with volume, you might increase your marketing head count modestly but not all that significantly. Naturally, our development head count is part of the cost of making a game. And you should expect with volume that our development expense goes up, and you're already seeing that. 
Eric Handler: Great. And just as a follow-up, when you think about capital allocation and given all the cash that you have on hand, it doesn't seem like there's much going on from an industry M&A standpoint at this time. But given all the games you have in the pipeline, do you think it lessens the need for you to be thinking about M&A? Or how are you thinking about balancing what you're currently developing versus external opportunities? 
Strauss Zelnick: We still feel that our capital is used best in 3 different ways: First, to support organic growth. It has been an incredibly successful story for this company. This year is no exception. We've really only done one meaningful acquisition, which is Social Point. The second is to support a return of capital to shareholders, and we've done a great deal of that selectively and we've done it through buybacks. They've been opportunistic, and I think the highest price we ever paid was around $99, if I'm not mistaken. So obviously, so far, we've called that reasonably well. And then we've reserved capital and incredibly strong balance sheet for the possibility of very selective inorganic growth driven by acquisition. We're very disciplined. We're looking only for accretive deals. And you're right, there aren't a lot of opportunities. We're hopeful that there will be some opportunity that would move our company forward, potentially diversify its operations a bit and bring in intellectual property and talent. Those have been our rubrics. 
 We expect to stay squarely within interactive entertainment. You shouldn't expect us to diversify outside of it. And those opportunities are few and far between but they do exist. And done right, the benefit of that would be to have highly competitive operating margins. So we don't need scale for scale's sake. But if we want to be the best in the business, and we do, then our financial results have to reflect that. And that means we have to have highly competitive operating margins, and the only thing standing in the way of that for us is scale. But again, if you buy scale in a foolish way, it won't help you. And if you buy scale and then can't maintain the success of that organization, thereby ruining your gross margins, you obviously would not benefit your operating margin. Said another way, if you're going to do an acquisition, it has to be smart, it has to be accretive relatively quickly, if not immediately. And then post closing, you've got to integrate the business soundly and run the business successfully in order for it to make sense. That's a tall order. That's why most corporate acquisitions fail. That's why we're so incredibly disciplined. But we are of the view that there will be opportunities and, certainly coming out of this crisis, there may be more opportunities than we otherwise would have expected. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Thornton with SunTrust. 
Matthew Thornton: So maybe first question, just coming back to the pipeline title count that you discussed earlier. I'm wondering if you have a label breakdown. I don't think you talked about it in terms of breakdown by label but wondering if you have one. 
 Secondly, recurring-type titles, I guess when we think about that, that total count, would -- something that's recurring like an NBA 2K, which will come out obviously 5 times over the next 5 years, is that counted 5 times? Or is that -- is it counted 1 time? 
 And then third question, Strauss, just curious how you think about growth bogeys over a multiyear time frame. Do you kind of look at the growth rate, maybe blockbuster launch -- a blockbuster launch? Or is it over a 5- year frame or -- just curious how you think about growth milestones when you look at the business over a multiyear lens. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. The -- yes, you're right, we did not break it down by label but there are releases obviously from all of the labels. We don't really have anything to share in that regard, but there are quite a few releases from all of our labels, including Private Division, 2K, Rockstar and Social Point as well. 
 And in terms of the breakdown, how that works, so if there is a sequel that comes out, if there's a franchise that -- something that comes out every year, this is our -- a view of our entire pipeline. So yes, that would be counted. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of how we look at growth, good news is we're operators. We're also investors. We also are big shareholders. We look at it exactly the way you would. We're looking for growth in net bookings. We're looking for growth in EBITDA. We're looking for growth in recurrent consumer spending because it reflects solidity in the business. It's much less volatile than initial releases could be. And finally, we're looking for growth in our stock price. And that's how we're judged. So we're judged from an economic point of view, largely on total shareholder return, as we should be. We're not judged at all on EPS, which I think is a terrible way to judge a management team for obvious reasons because you can fiddle around with it. Total shareholder return, there's no place to hide and that's how we're judged. So I think in exactly the way you would look at it, scale, because it's correlated with operating margins in the way that I said earlier, the scale of your operating profit or your EBITDA or your operating cash flow and, of course, your stock price. And on those metrics, we've done very well indeed for quite some time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: I was curious to your view on the economy over your fiscal year '21, '22. I think you said you didn't see a deep recession, but I'm curious what sort of recovery you expect and how unemployment or other factors you look at could impact online game sales or live service as it relates to your guidance. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. We're -- our expectations for fiscal '21 have not been adjusted for the recent success that we've had in this tragic period in the back half of the year. So we're not counting on this level of engagement and spending to continue. Equally though, we are not planning for a deep, prolonged consumer recession. So I would say if you had to peg it, we're right there in the middle, where -- which is where we probably should be since we can't call it. My own personal view, which does not influence our numbers, is that we're going to see a relatively rapid consumer-driven recovery when the dust clears. And my own view is that dust is probably going to clear sooner than many people think. But I'm an optimist and we don't plan based on my opinions. So I would say we're right down the middle that we assume relatively stable economic conditions that if we were surprised and there were deep, ongoing consumer recession, we would not be [ influenced from it ] and our results could be negatively influenced by. And equally, if there was a massive unexpected expansion, that could benefit our results. So I think we're assuming relative stability. We are not assuming continued enhanced engagement and monetization, the likes of which we have seen recently. 
Michael Hickey: That's helpful. The last one from me. On fiscal year '22, you noted your expectation for sequential growth. And of course, you guys tend to be very conservative, which is a good thing. Maybe I missed it, but broadly speaking, can you sort of talk to the drivers of growth for fiscal year '22? And obviously, it looks like half the year is in your first quarter guidance for '21. So we think there's probably upside there. Do you expect to grow over fiscal year '20 in '22? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Sorry. I think probably not much to add. We expect sequential growth year-over-year in fiscal '22, and that is driven by the release schedule that Karl described in the pipeline that we're investing in. So we expect some releases coming out of that pipeline in fiscal '22, and we expect them to generate sequential growth, so as simple as that. 
Operator: The next question is from Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: I went back 10 to 15 years ago. There were a lot of successful sports franchises out there. Most of the major leagues supported multiple simulation and arcade titles. You had an MLB title. There was golf, tennis, extreme sports, so on and so on. You go to today and there's basically 3 enormous titles in sports in the market, including NBA 2K, but few others that are kind of hanging on by the skin of their teeth and that's it, presumably the other ones on the way because it became uneconomical to make them at diminishing unit numbers. You've got a PGA title. You're working on some NFL titles. You're continuing to invest in WWE. Is it simply a function of getting the cost structure down to a level where they can be profitable at relatively low unit numbers? Or do you see something in the market where you think there are opportunities opening up that maybe didn't exist 2, 3, 4 years ago? 
Karl Slatoff: Well, look, there are certain sports obviously that are not going to drive the audiences that you're going to get with, for example, NBA or FIFA or with football. Obviously, we're very excited about moving back into football. The NFL is one of the most powerful brands in the world. We've been in the NFL business before. We've excelled in the NFL business before. Although we're not going into the simulation space, we're very excited about what we can bring -- that we can bring to that market. So we think there's significant opportunity for us to expand within that market, just where we are now. But you're right, some of the other smaller sports, you're not going to be able to spend the kind of money that you can on the bigger sports to drive your economics. You need to balance it out. So by definition, smaller audiences, smaller sports, you're going to need to balance it with smaller development budgets. But that doesn't mean there's not a lot of opportunity to be -- to make -- to generate significant economics because once you actually get people into -- there -- obviously, there's correlation between the popularity of the sport and the game itself, but it's not necessarily limited to that. So people who aren't golf fans can play golf games. That -- we've seen that over and over again. And we think that there's an opportunity for us to go into some of these sports and do very, very well, of course, with a reasonable budget, but to bring best content we can to the consumer, engage them and then the economics will come. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: A high-level question on this topic of scale and I guess how you guys are thinking about investments in your forward pipeline. I'd love to know more about your green-light process. And I guess if you look at the last 10 or so years plus of video gaming, there's been a lot of focus on really growing in that head content. Even you yourself have seen a lot of success with GTA and NBA. And it does seem like you have a lot of smaller titles or tuck-in titles or AA titles that are in your pipeline. So how do we think about you green-lighting those titles in addition to what you just talked about with things like NBA and PGA? And what do the unit economics look like for those titles relative to some of the big AAA releases? And I guess is that something that could eventually lead to a lower margin structure on a per unit basis, which would sort of limit the upside of what you're talking about with scale? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. Well, I think what you're really talking about is how -- our approach to new IP because for the most part, we have leaned in the industry, generally speaking, and obviously at Take-Two as well because we've got such huge, powerful franchises. We've leaned into those franchises and generated significant economic results driven by the consumer engagement with them. But we still think it's critical to invest in new IP to keep that fresh pipeline going because you never know where your next hit is going to come from. But you can't -- but you're right, you can't invest in the same way that you do in your franchise. So you do have to take a different approach to it. We're always continuing to seek new, innovative ways to enhance our product portfolio, including bringing out new IP that has a chance to be successful. 
 And it doesn't necessarily have to happen in the first iteration. I always like to use the example of Bruce Springsteen. It took him a long time to even hit a gold album. It took him a few releases to get there. You need to curate these front titles. So the idea is take as many shots as you can to do so in such a way that if it doesn't work out, you don't lose your shirt but then you create some kind of reaction. There's something great about something that you did. And maybe the first one isn't economically powerful, but the idea for us is always to grow iteration after iteration. So on the second one, when we know we've got an audience, we can invest a lot more and expand that marketing budget, expand that development budget and push that franchise forward. That's what franchise development is all about. You don't have to come out off the bat and be successful at the same level as a Grand Theft Auto or an NBA day 1. If you take that approach, you'll never launch anything new. I mean that's just shortsighted. And it's tempting. There's no doubt about it to do that because it's very, very efficient and the margin structures are enormous, but I think we're limiting ourselves creatively and economically if we take that path. And that's not what we're doing. But we have to be mindful about our investment levels and be patient and look at franchise development over the long term. I mean our franchise has -- almost in every single case, iteration -- release after release, have grown. They don't go the other way, and there's a reason for that because we take the long view. 
Raymond Stochel: Got it. And then as you have success with some of these new IPs that you'll be putting out there, I mean how do you think about -- let's say you do have a blockbuster hit off the jump. Can you reposition some of your resources towards recurrent spending and rebuilding that model immediately? Or do you expect to sort of keep these studio paths separate, meaning -- let's say you do have something that all of a sudden is in the tier of maybe not Grand Theft Auto but maybe of Borderlands, do you reposition other studios to sort of attack the recurrent spending opportunity? Or do you remain on this pipeline path that you've laid out? 
Karl Slatoff: Well, to the extent that you've got a title that takes off unexpectedly, the -- you certainly can pivot resources on the go. And if there is a significant opportunity to do so through recurrent consumer spending, then you can absolutely do that and you can extend the life of a franchise. I mean Borderlands is actually a great example because when Borderlands 2 took off -- Borderlands 1 was successful. Borderlands 2 took off like crazy. Our DLC plan expanded on a daily basis. I mean I don't remember what our original DLC plan, but it wasn't 10 to 12 releases, which is where we ended up. So you can always invest more over time and you can obviously do that in a game where you've got a robust micro-transaction model. But what you can't do is you can't change the nature of the game. That would be suicide because the reason you have a hit is because people like the way it is. So if you get the audience going and you change the nature of the game surely with the motivation of creating -- of extracting economic value from the consumer, you run the risk of screwing up the franchise. And again, that's not something that we would do. 
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Giaimo with Jefferies. 
Alexander Giaimo: Just for Lainie, circling back to the earlier question on margins and how it relates to the full year guide, I understand the color around R&D expenses being up, but it also looks like the guidance is implying gross margins that are a bit lighter than we expected. Curious if that's just conservatism or something specific to call out. We would think that you would see some gross margin improvement especially with the accelerated shift we're seeing in digital right now. Any color there would be helpful. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So the gross margin is slightly down, but basically it's flat from last year. So we do have -- we are seeing it come up a little bit from the digital and the recurrent consumer spending mix because recurrent consumer spending is a higher-margin business for us, but that's being offset by having less new releases this year. So that's why we're seeing it flat. But it's early in the year. So we'll see how we go towards the latter part of the year and the recurrent consumer spending continues to stay strong for us. We should hopefully see that lift up a little bit towards the latter part of the year. 
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to management for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we just want to thank everyone for attending the call. Once again, we want to extend our best wishes to everyone who's listening today for your health, for your loved ones' health and our condolences for any losses that you or your loved ones have suffered. We know this is an incredibly challenging time. We feel blessed to be able to be of some small consolation by bringing light entertainment to people. We're proud of what we do. We're grateful to be able to do it. And once again, I want to express my gratitude to our colleagues for their dedication for showing up with smile on their face for doing such amazing work. The reason we're able to have these extraordinary results is solely a function of that work. So thank you so much for joining us, and our very best wishes. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive Software's Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's Conference Call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2020, ended December 31, 2019. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Throughout the 2019 holiday season, we experienced robust demand for our offerings that drove third quarter operating results solidly within our increased outlook. Our net bookings were substantially higher than what we included for the third quarter when we gave our original fiscal 2020 outlook last May as well as when we increased our outlook last August. Highlights are the performance of Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K20, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, The Outer Worlds and Borderlands 3, reflecting our ability to deliver some of the most captivating experiences in the entertainment industry. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online once again exceeded our expectations, delivering its best holiday quarter ever for both audience size and net bookings. During the third quarter, recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online grew 54%, driven by Rockstar Games continued release of engaging new content. Grand Theft Auto Online had its biggest series of back-to-back updates ever in terms of player numbers, with records in audience size in December and the third quarter following the release of The Diamond Casino & Resort update in July and The Diamond Casino Heist in December. We're now on track to deliver a new record for Grand Theft Auto Online recurrent consumer spending in fiscal 2020. 
 Sales of Grand Theft Auto V also exceeded our expectations, and the title has now sold in more than 120 million units. According to the NPD Group, Grand Theft Auto V was the best-selling game of the decade in the U.S. based on both unit and dollar sales. 
 Red Dead Online continues to gain momentum, both in terms of engagement and recurrent consumer spending. Net bookings from Red Dead Online outperformed our expectations during the third quarter, almost tripling, both year-over-year and sequentially, excluding digital content bundled with the Red Dead Redemption 2 premium editions. Red Dead Online hit a new peak in player numbers in December following the release of the latest update, Moonshiners, and exceeded those numbers and set a new record in January. We remain as excited as ever about the long-term opportunity for Red Dead Online to be a significant driver of recurrent consumer spending. In November, Red Dead Redemption 2 launched for the PC and Google Stadia to date has sold in over 29 million units. According to the NPD Group, Red Dead Redemption 2 was the top title of the last 4 years based on U.S. dollar sales. 
 There is noting that the collective lifetime selling of Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption 2 is now -- more than 150 million units worldwide with over 250 million lifetime game accounts created across both titles. Rockstar Games total online audience is also its biggest to date, having recorded record numbers in the third quarter. 
 On October 25, Private Division launched The Outer Worlds for Xbox One, Playstation 4 in PC. Developed by Obsidian Entertainment, The Outer Worlds has significantly exceeded our expectations and has sold in more than 2 million units to date. Critical response to the game has been outstanding, and The Outer Worlds has won more than 75 awards, including Game of the Year from the New York Video Game critic circle and Destructoid and Best RPG of the Year from IGN, Shacknews, Gamerex and others. The title is also a finalist for the DICE awards outstanding achievement and story and the RPG of the year. We're confident that The Outer Worlds will continue to expand its audience, including through its release on the Nintendo Switch, which is now planned for fiscal 2021. 
 Unit sales of NBA 2K20, the latest installment in our industry-leading basketball series, has outperformed our expectations, and the title has sold in over 8 million units to date, up slightly over NBA 2K19 in the same period. In November, the title was released for Google Stadia. In addition, engagement with NBA 2K20 is reaching all-time highs with average daily active users growing and MyTeam users up more than 35%. In addition, NBA 2K20 has generated more than 276 million views on YouTube and over 8 million hours of content watched on Twitch across hundreds of channels. While this increased engagement led to strong growth in recurrent consumer spending in certain modes of NBA 2K20, we've not experienced the same positive benefits across the entire game due to some specific design changes, which we plan to address in future versions of NBA 2K. Because of this, we no longer expect lifetime net bookings for NBA 2K20 to be a record for the series. However, we continue to expect recurrent consumer spending for the NBA 2K franchise to grow in the strong double digits for fiscal 2020. Taking creative risk is part of Take-Two's DNA as we constantly strive to improve the game play experience for our audiences. More often than not, this results in enhancing our growth, which is reflected in the substantial long-term outperformance of NBA 2K. 
 Turning to Borderlands 3, the latest installment in our genre defining shooter-looter series continues to expand its audience since its record-breaking launch in September, with more than 50% user growth in comparison to Borderlands 2, at the same time, in its life cycle. 2K and Gearbox are supporting the game with free content as well as 4 downloadable campaign expansions, which are included with the Borderlands 3 Super Deluxe Edition and the season pass or can be purchased separately upon release. The first of these expansions, Moxxi's Heist and The Handsome Jackpot was released during the third quarter and was positively received by critics and consumers alike, helping to drive a season pass attach rate for Borderlands 3 that was a record, both for the series and for 2K at the same point in the title's life cycle. In December, Borderlands 3 was released for Google Stadia, and will be available on Steam in the coming months. To date, Borderlands 3 has sold in nearly 8 million units, and we expect lifetime unit sales to be a record for the series. 
 Earlier in the quarter, 2K launched WWE 2K20 for Playstation 4, Xbox One and PC. WWE 2K20 features several new gameplay modes that celebrate the WWE's thriving women's division, as well as an array of fan favorite superstars, legends and match types. While we're disappointed that WWE 2K20 did not meet our expectations, both in terms of sales and quality, 2K is actively working with visual concepts to ensure that these issues are addressed in the future, and they'll have more to share on their plans soon. The WWE brand continues to expand worldwide, and there remains a substantial long-term opportunity to grow our WWE 2K series by improving the quality of the game. 
 Among Take-Two's core tenets is our aim to be the most creative and the most innovative company in the entertainment industry. Today, in addition to delivering the highest quality stand-alone entertainment experiences, we measure our success by our ability to captivate and engage audiences well beyond the title's initial release. To that end, during the third quarter, recurrent consumer spending grew 6% and accounted for 41% of our total net bookings. 
 In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. In the free-to-play category, Social Point continues to be a meaningful contributor to our results through its mobile titles Dragon City, Monster Legends, World Chef, Tasty Town and Word Life. During the quarter, Social Point added new content, special events and updates to these games. Our Barcelona based studio continues to invest in its broad and innovative pipeline of new games planned for launch in the coming years. 
 2K launched season 6 of WWE SuperCard featuring all new card tiers and upgraded features. The title has now been downloaded more than 20 million times and remains 2K's highest grossing mobile title. 
 NBA 2K Online in China remains the #1 PC online sports game in China, with more than 48 million registered users. Add-on content grew 135%, led by offerings for Borderlands 3, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and WWE 2K20. 
 Finally, sales of Borderlands 3 premium additions, which include additional content that is allocated to recurrent consumer spending, also contributed during the period. As a result of our solid third quarter results and outlook for the fourth quarter, we're increasing the low end of our fiscal 2020 operating outlook, while maintaining the high end. Fiscal 2020 is shaping up to be another terrific year for Take-Two. 
 Looking ahead, our company has the strongest development pipeline in its history, and we're committed to supporting our titles with offerings designed to drive ongoing engagement. In addition, we're actively investing in emerging markets, platforms and business models that have significant potential to enhance our growth. Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to capitalize on the many positive trends in our industry, and to generate returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'll begin by discussing our upcoming releases. Throughout the coming months, 2K and Gearbox software will continue to support Borderlands 3 with a robust post-launch content strategy, including all new in-game mini events and 3 additional downloadable campaign expansions. Later this month at PAX East in Boston, 2K will unveil details about their future content offerings, Borderlands 3 upcoming release on Steam and more. In addition, Rockstar Games will continue to provide an array of content and gameplay experiences for the vast open worlds of Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, which continue to set engagement records for the label. 
 In fiscal 2021, Private Division will expand our offerings for the Nintendo Switch with the release of The Outer Worlds. As Strauss noted earlier, the title is incredibly well received by critics and consumers alike on its original launch platforms. And we are confident that we'll continue to thrill audiences as they immerse themselves in this player of choice-driven RPG on the switch. One of our organization's key priorities is building scale by growing the size of our development pipeline. Investing in our world class creative resources and partnering with the best independent studios in the industry enables Take-Two to enhance our industry-leading portfolio of intellectual property, which is the foundation of our strategy to grow our business and expand profitability. 
 In December, 2K announced the formation of Cloud Chamber, which we'll be working on the next-generation of the globally acclaimed BioShock franchise for the next several years. Cloud Chamber is a collective of storytellers eager to push the limits of interactive entertainment by making unique, captivating and thoughtful experiences set in a rich immersive world. The team will be based in 2 locations, 2K's headquarters in Novato, California as well as in Montreal, Quebec, which marks the first ever 2K studio in Canada. 
 Private Divisions is another example of our growing investment in new intellectual property. This year, we benefited from the exceptional performance of The Outer Worlds. Our new label is taking a strategic approach to working with some of the industry's best creative talent and is quickly amassing an impressive pipeline for the future.  During fiscal year 2021, Private Division plans to release Kerbal Space Program 2 and Disintegration, which just completed a successful technical beta. Private Division will have more announcements about their growing portfolio over time. 
 Mobile, which continues to be the highest growing -- highest grossing and fastest growing segment in the interactive entertainment is an important opportunity for Take-Two. Social Point currently has 5 games active in the market, including Dragon City, Monster Legends, World Chef, Tasty Town and Word Life, and they have more than 10 new games in the various stages of development. In addition, we continue to pursue new mobile offerings and extensions of our existing franchises, such as WWE SuperCard and NBA 2K Mobile. The global proliferation of smart mobile devices and high-speed data networks represents an exciting entry point into emerging markets, particularly in China, Latin America, Africa and India. 
 Take-Two's development pipeline over the next 5 years is the largest and most diverse in our company's history, including releases from our biggest franchises, exciting new IP, free-to-play offerings and a diverse mix of casual, mid-core and core gaming experiences. We will have much more to share on this exciting slate of titles in the months to come. 
 In addition to our focus on growing existing and building new franchises, we have a number of emerging opportunities that have the potential to contribute to our growth and margin expansion.  Streaming may become a compelling distribution platform for our industry that could expand our market and increase margins. With our frontline of catalog offerings, the highest quality content drives consumer adoption and Take-Two's portfolio is a must-have for any new platform. During the holiday season, we released Red Dead Redemption 2, NBA 2K20 and Borderlands 3 for purchase on Google Stadia. eSports remains an exciting new segment for our industry and company. The NBA 2K League, our first foray into competitive gaming and partnership with the NBA, is gearing up for its third season that will begin at the end of this month. The league continues to expand with new teams joining this year, bringing the count to 23, including the first international and non-NBA team, the Gen.G Tigers of Shanghai. The launch of the Gen.G Tigers is the first step in the long-term effort to build a stronger global presence for the league. In January, the NBA 2K League hosted its global invitation match, a series of exhibition matches featuring APAC invitational players and the 2019 NBA 2K League Finals MVP playing against top representatives from NBA 2K Online 2. The games were live streamed in China on Tencent's Penguin Esports, Gen.G streaming partner Douyu and Huya, as well as on the NBA 2K League's Twitch and YouTube channels. We are very excited about the continued progress and growth of the league, which has a long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company. 
 In closing, as we begin a new decade, we enter an incredibly exciting period for our industry and company, which should bring technological advancements as well as compelling new platforms and business models. We remain steadfast in our commitment to deliver the highest quality entertainment experiences to captivate and engage our audiences throughout the world and to generate growth and margin expansion. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our third quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. 
 As Strauss mentioned, we experienced robust demand for our offerings throughout the 2019 holiday season that enabled us to deliver third quarter operating results solidly within our increased outlook. Total net bookings were $888 million as compared to our outlook of $860 million to $910 million. Current consumer spending grew 6% and accounted for 41% of total net bookings as compared to our outlook of 5% growth. Digitally delivered net bookings decreased slightly by 2% and accounted for 78% of the total, as compared to our outlook of 5% growth. The decrease was due to very strong fiscal sales of our titles over the holidays. During the third quarter, 44% of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 31% last year. 
 Turning to some details from our third quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue grew to $930 million and cost of goods sold decreased to $437 million. Operating expenses increased by 6% to $316 million, due primarily to higher personnel and R&D costs, offset by lower marketing expenses. And GAAP net income was $164 million or $1.43 per share as compared to $180 million or $1.57 per share in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. Adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow for the 9 months ended December 31, 2019, was $548 million, and we ended the period with approximately $2 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2020 financial outlook. Starting with the fourth quarter. We project net bookings to range from $540 million to $590 million, up from $488 million in the fourth quarter last year. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K20, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and Borderlands 3. We project our current consumer spending to grow by approximately 10%, driven primarily by growing Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online. We expect digitally delivered net bookings to increase by over 20%. Our forecast assumes that 66% of our current generation console games will be delivered digitally, up from 57% in the same period last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $635 million to $685 million and cost of goods sold to range from $274 million to $286 million. 
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $247 million to $257 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 13% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher personnel costs and marketing expenses. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $105 million to $128 million or $0.92 to $1.12 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 17% throughout fiscal 2020. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We are raising the low end of our net bookings outlook by $50 million and maintaining the high end. We now expect net bookings to range from $2.8 billion to $2.85 billion. The increase is driven by higher expectations for Grand Theft Auto Online, including record recurrent consumer spending on the title, Grand Theft Auto V and The Outer Worlds, partially offset by reduced expectations for Borderlands 3 and recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K. The reduced expectations for Borderlands 3 are still consistent with our original high expectations for the title prior to launch. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K20 and NBA 2K19, Grand Theft Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Borderlands 3, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, The Outer Worlds and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division and Social Point. And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We are maintaining our forecast for recurrent consumer spending to increase by approximately 25%. 
 We now project digitally delivered net bookings to grow by approximately 25% versus our prior expectation of nearly 30% growth due to a higher mix of physical sales. Note that this is still above our forecast given in August of high-teens growth. Our outlook assumes that 55% of current generation console games will be delivered digitally, up from 38% last year. We are increasing our outlook for adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow to over $500 million versus our prior expectation of over $450 million. We now plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditures versus a prior expectation of $75 million. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.96 billion to $3.01 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.42 billion to $1.43 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.13 billion to $1.4 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 20% increase over the prior year, driven primarily by higher marketing, R&D and personnel costs. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $387 million to $409 million or $3.38 to $3.58 per share. 
 In closing, our focus on producing the highest quality entertainment delivered strong third quarter results and reaffirmed that Take-Two remains on pace to deliver another terrific year. Looking ahead with our world-class creative teams, firm commitment to operational excellence and solid financial foundation, our company is exceptionally well positioned to deliver value to our customers and returns to our shareholders. 
 Thank you. I will now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work and commitment to excellence. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford C. Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: I hope you understand that I feel I have to ask this question. I'm sure you were expecting it. So you had a significant executive departure at Rockstar. Karl or Strauss, anything you can tell us about succession planning, impact on operations in the pipeline, culture, future plans and competition, whatever you can say on that matter? I'm sure we'd appreciate. 
Strauss Zelnick: Todd, thanks for your question. This is Strauss. So Dan Houser had been on an extended leave since early spring 2019. The company has been led since its founding by Sam Houser, who's President of the company, and it's an extraordinary team effort and Sam is a great player and coach. The results of Rockstar Games continue to be extraordinary with the launch of the new content for both Grand Theft Auto Online and for Red Dead Online, and it's amazingly gratifying to see Grand Theft Auto V selling at 120 million units and Red Dead Redemption 2 to be up to 29 million units with the launch on PC and Stadia as well as the really extraordinary results of Grand Theft Auto Online, which we now expect to have another record year, more than 6 years after its initial launch. And of course, Red Dead Online itself, was up something like 3x year-over-year and sequentially in the last quarter. So the label has really never been stronger. We're incredibly optimistic and excited. At the same time, we're grateful to Dan for his contributions, and we wish him well. 
Todd Juenger: If you don't mind, if I could ask just a follow-up then more on the business side. So Strauss, I think I've heard you say multiple times publicly that Take-Two aspires to launch an AAA game every year, at least 1 every year. Should we assume that, that includes calendar year 2020? I'm not asking for any formal announcements of anything, but with this year, should we expect an AAA release this year as well? And anything you could say about -- more about that would be appreciated. 
Strauss Zelnick: So as we always do, you're going to hear our initial outlook for fiscal '21 in May, and our labels, of course, always make our product releases. We have set our strategy, as you correctly pointed out, is to have a strong frontline release schedule, both iterations from beloved franchises. We have 11 franchises that have sold in at least 5 million units within one release as well as new intellectual property, and we are working on the most robust pipeline in our history. So we're amazingly excited about it. That said, we haven't always been able to achieve our goal of having a strong frontline release schedule in every year, or even in the recent past. What has been great, though, is we've now built a company that has these very strong underpinnings of catalog titles and ongoing titles that live on in the hearts and minds of our consumers, generating engagement and generating net bookings and profits. So right now, we have titles like Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online, all the Social Point titles, and there are 5 that are successfully in market, NBA 2K Online in China, WWE SuperCard, which has been downloaded more than 20 million times, and the list goes on. And in this past quarter, for example, catalog sales represented about 40% of our net bookings. So we now have a company that season in and season out, we feel confident can generate plenty of net bookings, can engage with consumers and can generate a great deal of profitability. And of course, at the same time, we'll build our business with those frontline new releases. Given that we're a company that depends on our creative teams to make as close to perfect products as possible, we have to be willing to live with the vagaries of product deliveries. And that means, sometimes, we will have thin frontline years. But even in those frontline years, we've been able to deliver really great financial results. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company. 
Douglas Creutz: If I recall correctly, 2 years ago, you guys had a bit of a hiccup with NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending. Obviously, last year was incredibly strong. It seems you're running into a little bit of an air pocket again this year. Could you talk about what's going on? Is that just sort of growing pains as you continue to sort of try to find new frontiers for the franchise to get consumers to spend money? Is it something with the process? Is it something with sort of in the engagement loops? Anything you can say on that would be helpful. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. First of all, I want to make sure that we distinguish between a problem and a high-class problem. So the high-class problem is that we had said in our revised outlook that we thought NBA 2K20 would set another record for net bookings. Then now we're realizing that to say we don't expect it to set another record, despite its very strong unit sales and the great engagement. And that's because one of the parts of the online version has recurrent consumer spending coming in somewhat lower than we had expected. And that's related to a design feature and one that we can address going forward. But it's not really a hiccup because our goal is first and foremost to captivate and engage consumers, and our engagement is up, and our unit sales are up, and the title quality is just phenomenal. It's also true that as a company that doesn't lead with monetization, we lead with entertainment and engagement. Now and then, our monetization may not be exactly what we think it will be. So let me take responsibility for the decision to focus first and foremost on the entertainment experience and the consumer and only secondarily on what the monetization is. And that means now and then, we may fall short of setting a record, but failing to set a record isn't exactly a problem when you have a title that is massively successful as NBA 2K20 is, it's an incredibly profitable title for the firm. And incidentally, recurrent consumer spending for the franchise will actually be up in the fiscal year in solid double digits. So the engagement is strong. The spending is strong, and at the same time, there were some design changes that didn't optimize specific recurrent consumer spending in certain modes. And we are confident we'll be able to address those. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: What has led to the reduced view on Borderlands 3? Can you comment on how the game has performed on PC to date? And without getting into specific numbers, what are your expectations for the game once it's available on Steam? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, Borderlands is actually performing better than our original outlook. It's sold in nearly 8 million units. We've launched one of the downloadable content packs. We have three more expected at the moment. And in fact, the season passes attach rate is a record for the series and a record for 2K at this point of the title's life cycle, and we expect that the Borderlands 3 will set a record in terms of net bookings for the franchise. So our expectations remain solid and very strong. It's a great big hit for us. 
Lainie Goldstein: Right. When we went into the Christmas season, we had really seen real excitement for the title, and we've lifted our expectations a little bit higher than we had it at the very beginning of the year, which was very high to begin with. So we didn't meet those -- that higher expectations, but we did meet our original very high expectations for the title. So that's why we're bringing it down slightly, but it's very high from the beginning of the year. 
Strauss Zelnick: This is -- again, this is a massive hit by any standard. But we've always said this when we guide and when we revise, we aim to be accurate. And sometimes, the vagaries of the entertainment business will be that we don't exactly get it right. 
Andrew Crum: Okay, fair enough. And just a follow-up. I think in the initial press release, you indicated that the sell-through on PC was quite strong. Again, what are your expectations for the game once it launches on Steam? 
Strauss Zelnick: We continue to have very high expectations. As I said, we fully expect that Borderlands 3 will set a record for the franchise. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Let me ask a couple of questions here. The first one. Just how should we think about the next kind of next-generation console? Does it add more uncertainty? Or does it actually alleviate uncertainty as we think about the transition to the new console in terms of lot of service games, whether it's NBA or GTA Online or what have you? 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. We weren't really excited about the next-generation console. So I think the best part about it is that I think everyone now knows that we are going to have the next-generation console, and there's a lot of anticipation for it. I'll leave the details about what the expectations are to our partners, Microsoft and Sony. But I think so far the buzz about what the consoles are going to be able to do from a technological perspective, is very exciting for us. And so in that regard, I think it eliminates uncertainty because we know we're going to next console cycle and that we believe it will be very robust and a great thing for the industry. And again, anytime that you have these kinds of advancements in tech, it creates opportunities for our great -- incredible creative team to push the limits of those -- of that technology and create the experiences that we know consumers are going to -- want to engage with for very long periods of time, even after the initial sale. So to the extent that we've got the ability to do that, and all indications is that we will, and we expect this will lead to growth for our company. It's a very positive thing. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Even for current ongoing live service games that you have now that were built for older gen? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I mean, look, how -- what exactly the transition is going to be from console -- from each game from console -- between the console cycles will vary. But there's no reason to believe that the success that we're experiencing with those services would be any less in the new generation than is in the old generation. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. And then just -- just a kind of higher level question. I think Outer Worlds was on Microsoft Xbox Game Pass. Do you think that helped or hurt the success of that franchise? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's hard to say. I think what we've said all along is that, generally speaking, we want to be where the consumer is. Generally speaking, we think subscription offerings to the extent they exist, are probably better suited to catalog, but we're willing to take experimental chances when it makes sense for a particular title and when the deal underlying that option also makes sense for us. And we're pleased that we have a great partnership with Microsoft, and we're mostly pleased that the title is such a big hit, it's sold in more than 2 million units and it's won 75 game awards. So it's early days for all of these platforms. It's obviously early days for many technologies, including streaming technology. Our goal is to be where the consumer is. We're ecumenical and we're open minded. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Thornton with SunTrust. 
Matthew Thornton: Maybe 2 quick housekeeping or triangulation questions, and then I'll come back to an earlier question. GTA versus NBA 2K in the back half of the year, I mean, could GTA Online actually be bigger than the NBA? Was it in December? Could it be in the fourth quarter? Similarly, Red Dead, I think the initial expectation this year was recurrent would be down year-on-year when you include some of the premium SKUs from last year's launch. Is that still the case given the success that, that sales having could recur and actually be up year-on-year? And then just coming back, Strauss, to your comment around the recent departure. I just want to paraphrase and make sure that we had the message, right? It sounds like this was a fairly isolated departure, no other plans for departure. The culture is still kind of -- as it has been. The pipeline as it has been, the progress is kind of where it has been. I just want to make sure that we have that messaging, right? Because obviously, a lot of investors are asking that question. Any color there would be helpful. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in the first one, we have said that the NBA 2K is the highest contributor in recurrent consumer spending for all titles. So we have said that. What is your second question? Sorry, I've missed that one. 
Matthew Thornton: On Red Dead Online, if that could actually be up year-on-year, even including the premium SKU kind of contribution last year? 
Lainie Goldstein: Now with including the special editions, it's not up. It's only without including the special edition. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of your question about Rockstar, and I think your question -- I think your question will fall in the category of the stability of the team going forward as well as the culture of the label. So in terms of team stability, Sam Houser is President of Rockstar Games. He founded Rockstar Games. He's a great player, coach and he leads the team of thousands of people every day who are trying to make the most extraordinary entertainment experiences known to me. And that's -- those are their goals. And more often than not, they achieve or even exceed those goals, which is just amazing. It doesn't -- I don't typically speak for other people, but I confidently can speak and say that Sam is highly committed to the organization. And Sam and I work very closely together, and it's an enormous pleasure to be able to be in business with Sam and the entire team at Rockstar. 
 Culturally, I've only seen ongoing improvements at Rockstar, frankly. I have only seen growth and engagement and innovation. And I think one of the great things about all of our labels and our company as a whole is that we're incredibly self critical, and we're -- we aim to be utterly transparent, and we always try to do better. And I think that's true everywhere, the Take-Two touches and Rockstar Games sets a standard for always trying to improve the quality of its operations, the quality of the way that they work and the quality of their culture. I frankly couldn't be more proud of how effectively that label is operating. I think this year has been one of amazing strength, I mean, dropping content on the same day for both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online and delivering content that set records in terms of engagement and player excitement and incidentally revenue and profitability. So things couldn't be better. And to be very specific, no, we certainly don't expect other departures. As an organization as a whole, we have an extraordinarily low rate of attrition, vastly lower than the industry average. And I think that's because we offer great place to work at all of our labels and the Take-Two corporate as well. And to the extent that we ever fall short, we always aim to do better. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Gee with Bank of America. 
Ryan Gee: So maybe first for Lainie. I guess, with over 60% of the business now coming from recurrent consumer spend, how has that impacted your ability to provide us guidance 1 quarter, 1 year out, especially as you consider NBA 2K and Borderlands coming in a bit lower? Should we have greater confidence now than in the past in your guidance? Or does this present other challenges for you? That's the first question. And then for Karl, you touched on Cloud Chamber. Can we maybe get an update on the 2K Silicon Valley Studio, maybe Hangar 13, are those likely to also have content out in the next 1 to 2 years? Anything you can say there? 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, in terms of forecasting, with recurrent consumer spending, there are some things that I think are easier to predict, but it does present other challenges as well, especially when you have titles that are out in the market for such a long time, and you would expect them to decline. And then 1 year, they decline, and then the next year, they grow, and there's different content that comes out. It's still pretty difficult to predict that as well as different -- when we're making different -- when we're trying different things and different games, and you don't know how that's going to perform. That can also be another variable. So we're definitely getting better at it, and we have a lot more information and analytics that we can use to be more predictive. But there are different things that change every year, that can make it different from year-to-year. So I'd say we're getting better at it, but there are different things that we have in recurrent consumer spending each year. So I wouldn't say that it's a slam dunk, but it's definitely something that we're getting better at. 
Karl Slatoff: And in regards to your question about Hangar 13 and also Michael Condrey Studio, I wish I could tell you more about what they're working on because it's very exciting, both the studios. We're incredibly excited to have a team like Hangar 13 led by Haden and also Michael's yet to be named studio as well, working on new and setting projects. As I said before, our pipeline is very diverse and is very large, and we're going to share with you more about that in the coming months. And these 2 projects are obviously part of that. So you can certainly expect that there will be games coming out of those studios. I wish I could tell you more about them, but stay tuned because they're very exciting, and we're thrilled to be in business with both of those folks and their entire teams. So stay tuned. 
Ryan Gee: Okay. And then if I could just follow-up on that, that last point. So BioShock, still several years out, Borderlands just came. Should we assume that your characterization of a robust slate ahead also includes Rockstar content, not just 2K studios? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we're talking about the entire company, all of our labels Rockstar, Private Division, Social Point and 2K. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. 
Eric Sheridan: Maybe a bigger picture one. You saw another player in the industry make a larger announcement with Google in the last couple of weeks. Curious how you're thinking about a couple of large secular themes that are playing out in the industry with respect to either owning or outsourcing your own technology infrastructure? How you think about the content you're producing being broadcast, broader over direct-to-consumer channels? And how to think about either owning that or partnering? And the same with respect to cloud computing as a distribution mechanism for gaming. How are you thinking about wrapping what you've been very good at over the years in terms of content creation and thinking about maybe amplifying that either through your own efforts or through partnerships and relationships? 
Strauss Zelnick: So I appreciate the question and the question points sort of points up our focus on expanding the company in this industry that has these extraordinary tailwinds through a focus on new technologies, new business models, new types of entertainment and new geographies or geographies where we're not currently represented. And so it's sort of for a multiple choice question, it would be all of the above. We're focusing on all of them. You specifically asked on the distribution side, how are we looking at that. And the answer is we are very engaged in looking at options that do include direct-to-consumer options. Our strategy has been to be where the consumer is. If I keep choking, Karl is going to have to dig on it. Our strategy has been -- apologies, to be where the consumer is and to be ecumenical about various distribution opportunities and to work with all of the players in the space, and I expect we'll continue to do all of that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mario Lu with Barclays. 
X. Lu: I have a couple of questions, 1 on GTA and 1 on Red Dead. So GTA V have partnerships with Playstation now late last year and then Xbox's Game Pass in January, which I suspect it added millions of players. So any color you can provide regarding these types of partnerships? And specifically, how much of an uplift they provided to GTA Online bookings? And secondly, on Red Dead, glad to hear that Red Dead Online tripled year-on-year. So -- and then I know you mentioned before that GTA Online is in a world of its own. But how confident are you that Red Dead Online engagement can maintain or grow for 6 years plus as well? 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of how specific arrangements with specific titles pan out, we typically don't go into that level of detail, except to say we enter into those arrangements with a view that they'll benefit the titles. They'll benefit us and that they'll benefit our partners. And more often than not, we are able to do all 3 of those things. In terms of the success of Red Dead Online, we are incredibly excited about the momentum that we're seeing in the quarter. We feel really good going forward. But as I said, when asked Grand Theft Auto Online early on and I was asked a lot about it, we really don't know how high up is. We really don't have any way of knowing where the consumer will take us. What we do know is that we're going to deliver a lot more great content. And so far, it does look like when we deliver great content into these beloved franchises, consumers show up and stay engaged. So we're very optimistic about the future of Red Dead Online, and we're excited about the momentum we see. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: I actually got 2. For your first, wondered if you'd be willing to sort of lift the comodo on the development pipeline a little bit? And talk about how many AAA console games are currently in development and to the extent that maybe you could say how many of those might be released in the next 1 to 3 years and how many might be released in the next beyond 3 years? Anything to sort of give a little bit of a road map there would be greatly appreciated. And secondly, with Red Dead Online, when you originally launched GTA Online, you had a couple of big content drops that really help the development of that business, so gun runners and the first heist that you did. Wondered, have we seen that type of content drop yet for Red Dead Online? 
Karl Slatoff: Eric, it's Karl. Just regarding the pipeline, this question obviously comes up on every single call we had and every single meeting we have with investors. And we are -- like I said, we are going to share more about the pipeline, we do over the coming months. And exact -- give you some more color on exactly what constitutes that pipeline. So I'll give you a little bit more idea of between what we've got going on with new IP and existing franchises, free-to-play games, different business models, casual games, core games, mid-core games. And we're hoping to share a lot more information with you over the coming months regarding that. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of Red Dead, I don't think you can compare content to content. The last content drops on Red Dead have been fantastically successful. And the latest update, Moonshiners did great and generated all of this excitement that we've seen reflected in the numbers. And then I'm confident that Rockstar Games will continue to deliver great content for Red Dead Online. But there's no real way to compare qualitatively to -- or I suppose, quantitatively to Grand Theft Auto Online content. They're just -- they are different games, and they have different types of content that's dropped. But the goal is to create content that consumers love and engage in and spend against. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I just have 1 on M&A for Strauss. As a group, it seems like video game publishers have been pretty resistant to making their frontline content available day and date on subscription products. Do you think that could eventually catalyze vertical consolidation to get that content in the future? And I'd also appreciate hearing your thoughts on the prospect of AAA horizontal consolidation as well? 
Strauss Zelnick: I think we're -- I'm proud of my crystal ball most of the time, where I really had a very bad crystal ball is when I've been predicting consolidation in the industry. I think I predicted meaningful consolidation in the industry about 10 years ago, and we're still waiting. So it seems that in an industry where you have these extraordinary tailwinds and weak players get washed out and really get sold for scrap, essentially, and strong players only get stronger, it's hard to imagine why you'd see a lot of horizontal consolidation. Horizontal consolidation tends to occur when the industries are under pressure or companies are under pressure, typically, certainly, in the entertainment industry, that's historically been the case. So I'm not sure what you expect. I think your question about vertical consolidation is interesting, even though first -- your first day at business school, they explained to you the vertical consolidation doesn't create value. One could imagine a powerful distributor that's anxious to build an audience could imagine that acquiring exclusive rights to key product would jump-start that. The track record of that going well in the linear entertainment business has been very poor, and has been tried over and over again. But I suppose it could be tried in the interactive entertainment business. Very hard for us, very hard for us to say. What we do every day is get up and try to do the best job we can, both from a creative point of view and a business point of view, and we try to be of service to our customers, our colleagues and our investors, and that's served us well. And in terms of our own approach to M&A, we have a significant cash balance, just shy of $2 billion. We don't have any debt. And we have a lot of cash flow. In fact, we've revised upward our expectations about adjusted operating cash flow for the year to $500 million up from $450 million. Our CapEx is down a little bit as well. So we certainly are in a position to pursue transactions. Our lens is, is it strategically powerful and is financially accretive, and that analysis led us to acquire Social Point several years ago. We're happy we did. And to the extent that an opportunity matches those criteria, we would hope to move forward as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raymond Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: One on retaining talent, and this isn't really meant to involve Dan Houser, but you can certainly comment on that as well. It's more in thinking about how you're opening up these new studios and even your equity investment in Proletariat. Can you talk about how the changing business models and the changing pipeline that you have as far as bringing new ideas to market is making you think differently about the way that you're incentivizing your employees? I know you think deeply about these matters. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. What we are trying always to think differently about is creativity. We know there will be a next new thing. You haven't seen the final expression of what interactive entertainment or entertainment is here in 2020. You're going to see big innovations, hopefully from us, but certainly from the industry, in the next 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 20 years. And we're positioned so that we ought to be able to be at the front line of that, and shame on us if we're not. So the creative expression of what we do must evolve, will evolve. But the culture that underlies that here remains unchanged because it works. And part of the culture is compensation. In a for-profit enterprise, you can outline your culture verbally, but your compensation programs either will or will not drive that culture. And our culture is one of sharing, and our compensation programs are one of sharing. We emotionally share success. We all take responsibility for failure. And equally, our compensation programs align incentives with our shareholders by making sure that, essentially, we have profit shares, essentially. If we miss our goals, then incentive comp for the team is disappointing or 0. If we exceed our goals, it's good. If we massively exceed our goals, it's very good, but it's self-liquidating because it's driven by an increase in profits. And at the label level, we essentially, although we call it different things, have profit sharing arrangements. So the better the labels do, the better the human beings do, the better the shareholders do. That's our goal, and it's all formulaic because we don't believe in discretionary comp programs. We think they lead to politicking and other bad things. Our comp programs are almost entirely formulaic based on results versus plan and/or actual operational profitability at the divisional level. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Giaimo with Jefferies. 
Alexander Giaimo: Karl, you mentioned free-to-play as an opportunity in your remarks, you guys have a lot of valuable IP in your portfolio. So just curious if anything in your catalog could work on a free-to-play basis? Or if you were to launch a free-to-play offering, would it more likely be based on new IP? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I mean I think the short answer is, I'm sure there are lots of things in our catalog that would work on a free-to-play basis. And that doesn't necessarily mean that we pursue that. It really has to be the right mix of the creative goal and what the development team is trying to achieve from a creative perspective and then the business model, et cetera. In our free-to-play games, we tend to have the belief that you can't really invest at the same level on a free-to-play experience that you do in a standard ownership AAA type title. They're probably going to be examples in the future where that's not the case, but that's our general philosophy. So -- but that doesn't necessarily mean that an old franchise that was AAA ownership type model couldn't work in a free-to-play context. And certainly, new IP begets opportunities to pursue new business models and amongst those business models are free-to-play. So the answer really could be both. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Thornton with SunTrust. 
Matthew Thornton: My question was actually taken, but I'll ask a different one. I think it was Karl, you mentioned talking about the pipeline in the next couple of months here. I'm just curious, #1, is that just talking about the fiscal '21 slate? Or is that more of a multiyear outlook that you guys are thinking about providing? And then just kind of what venue is that on the next call? Is there a certain venue? Or is this kind of ad hoc by studio? Just how should we think about this information coming to us? Any color there? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I mean, our goal is, obviously -- look, we have insight into many years into the future what the pipeline is. And one thing we know for sure is that it will change. And not everything in the pipeline will see the light of day that's currently in the pipeline, and there'll be things that are not in the pipeline that will come out. But our goal is to share as much information as we can, to give you insight into what we see, which is a multiyear pipeline. And when exactly we do that, you'll have to wait and see, but really, it will be in the coming months, and when that information comes, you'll know it. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Jeff Cohen with Stephens Inc. 
Jeffrey Cohen: Can you talk about engagement with the Rockstar Games Launcher since it went live back in September? And then could you eventually see adding games from other Take-Two studios or even games from third-party publishers? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, they've had very strong results with the Rockstar Game Launcher, and we're excited to see that. In terms of how the company will pursue it broadly, that's part of the work that we're doing now. We obviously do have a central site where you can buy games, and I would hope that our company would work together effectively to pursue various direct-to-consumer offerings. But equally, our labels are highly independent. So I think your expectations are probably that we're unlikely to have only 1 place of any sort to buy anything. We're likely to have multiple outlets. We're likely to have direct outlets. We're likely to be worked with third parties. And we're likely to have multiple opportunities throughout the organization. But the underpinnings within the organization, the technical underpinnings and the business underpinnings will be centralized. We will all work together cooperatively so we don't duplicate efforts. So you can see a consumer-facing approach that's quite varied. And then we have a highly efficient approach internally where we have all people working together productively in service of the same goals. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We're very proud of the results driven by our creative teams and driven by our business teams as well. We're grateful to our colleagues all around the world. We're very grateful to our shareholders for their support and grateful to all of you who attended and took the time to be thoughtful and ask questions. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Q2 Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's Conference Call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2020 ended September 30, 2019. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. 
 Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two's positive momentum continued in the second quarter, enabling our company to generate operating results that significantly exceeded our expectations. We delivered a strong net bookings, cash flow and earnings growth, fueled by the performance of NBA 2K, Borderlands 3, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, and Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online. 
 Once again, our strategy of creating the highest-quality entertainment in the industry translated into outstanding results. On September 13, 2K and Gearbox Software launched Borderlands 3, the latest installment in our genre-defining shooter-looter series. The title has exceeded our expectations and sold more than 5 million units within its first 5 days of launch, making it the fastest selling title in 2K's history and the highest selling title for the label on PC. Within its first 5 days in market, retail sell-through Borderlands 3 was up more than 50% compared to its predecessor, and 70% of units were purchased digitally, setting a new record for a 2K cross-platform title. 
 Borderlands 3 received resoundingly positive critical acclaim with Forbes, IGN, Shacknews, Destructoid, and Meristation, all scoring the title 9 out of 10. Today, Borderlands 3 has sold-in nearly 7 million units worldwide. I'd like to congratulate the teams at Gearbox and 2K on a stellar launch in taking this beloved series to new heights. Karl will share details about our post-launch content plan that will keep players engaged in the world of Borderlands 3. 
 Our industry-leading basketball series continued to grow during the second quarter. With net bookings up approximately 9% despite a difficult comparison, driven by the successful September 6 launch of NBA 2K20. According to The NPD Group, NBA 2K20 is the best-selling game of 2019 to date, delivered the highest launch month sales for any sports game in history. And the NBA 2K series is now the sixth largest video game franchise in the industry based on dollar sales. 
 Driven demand NBA 2K20 remained strong and the title has sold in nearly 6 million units to date, generating growth over the prior year's release. During the second quarter, recurrent consumer spending in NBA 2K grew 32% to a new record, and remained the single largest contributor to that category of our business. Engagement with the NBA 2K20 also increased driven by a consistent new content schedule with daily active users up almost 20% compared to NBA 2K19. And MyCAREER or MyTeam growing by more than 30% and 150% respectively. 
 We expect lifetime net bookings for NBA 2K20 to set a new record for the series. In addition, 2K recently announced the NBA 2K20 x Nike Gamer Exclusive Program, an innovative first-of-its-kind gaming and sneaker partnership. This program provides players with the opportunity to unlock virtual Nike gamer exclusive sneakers for their MyPLAYER to wear in-game and to purchase real-life versions of the same shoes from Nike. I'd like to congratulate 2K and Visual Concepts for, once again, redefining what is possible in sports gaming and catching superbly every nuance of the NBA and the pop culture that envelops it. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, once again, exceeded our expectations, delivering the best quarter yet with respect to daily, weekly and monthly active users and our best summer ever in terms of new online users and new users overall. Recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online grew 23% to a new record, driven by the July release of The Diamond Casino & Resort update. This update was Grand Theft Auto Online's biggest content launch ever, delivering record player engagement across daily, weekly and monthly active users in July and then again in August. 
 As a result of the title's better-than-expected performance fiscal year-to-date and improved outlook for the balance of the year, we now expect Grand Theft Auto Online to grow in fiscal 2020. Grand Theft Auto V remains the standard bearer for excellence in our industry and one of the most revered and successful entertainment experiences of all time. The title continues to expand its audience around the world and has now sold in more than 115 million units. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online continues to gain momentum and grew sequentially during the second quarter. Following the massive content drop in May when the title exited its beta phase, on September 10, the world of Red Dead Online evolved further with the release of the Frontier Pursuits update. This update introduced 3 specialist roles, including tracking down wanted criminals as a Bounty Hunter, searching the world for treasure and other exotic items to sell as a Collector, and building a business as a Trader. Rockstar Games intends to add more new roles in the future, enabling players fully to inhabit their characters as they carve out a life on the Frontier. 
 Rockstar Games also introduced the popular Outlaw Pass, a way for Red Dead Online players to pay to access a wide array of ongoing upgrades, items and perks at a discounted value. Throughout the year, Rockstar Games will continue to support both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online, with many more updates in order to drive engagement and player growth. We remain as excited as ever about the long-term opportunity for Red Dead Online to be a meaningful driver of recurrent consumer spending. In addition, Red Dead Redemption 2 continues to grow its audience, and to date, has sold an almost 26.5 million units worldwide. Earlier this week, the title launched on PC with an array of features designed specifically for that audience, including numerous graphical enhancements, a fully featured photo mode, new content additions for the game's story mode, and more. 
 On August 27, Private Division launched Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey for digital download on PC. The title is the first release from Panache Digital Games, the studio cofounded by Patrice Désilets, the original creative director of the Assassin's Creed franchise. Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey was lauded by the media for its sophistication and unique approach to the survival category and will be available for digital download on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on December 6. 
 Our second quarter results were also enhanced by Social Point's mobile games, the WWE 2K franchise and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. One of our key strategic priorities is to find new and innovative ways to drive growth and engagement with our titles after their initial purchase. From free-to-play open worlds to additional chapters and content, we aim to provide consumers with the highest-quality offerings that meaningfully add to their overall gameplay experience. 
 To that end, during the second quarter, the recurrent consumer spending significantly exceeded our expectations, growing 39% and accounting for 45% of our total net bookings. In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings, including sales of the Borderlands 3 premium additions, which include additional content that is allocated to recurrent consumer spending. In the free-to-play category, Social Point remains a meaningful contributor to our results through its mobile titles, Dragon City and Monster Legends, World Chef and Tasty Town and Word Life. During the quarter, Social Point added new content, challenges and updates to these games. 
 Our Barcelona-based studio continues to invest in its broad pipeline of new games planned for launch in the coming years. WWE SuperCard has now been downloaded nearly 20 million times and remains 2K's highest grossing mobile title. And recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K online in China outperformed our expectations, growing 27% in the second quarter. The title remains the #1 PC online sports game in China with more than 47 million registered users. 
 Lastly, add-on content grew more than 60%, led by offering for Sid Meier's Civilization VI and the Borderlands franchise. As a result of our better-than-expected second quarter operating results, we're once again raising our operating outlook for fiscal 2020. Looking ahead, we have the strongest development pipeline in our history. We're continuing to grow our portfolio with the highest-quality entertainment experiences, including sequels from our biggest franchises as well as exciting new IP. 
 In addition, we're actively investing in emerging markets, platforms and business models such as mobile, streaming, direct-to-consumer and subscription in order to expand our audience around the world. With the promise of new consoles and continuous technological advances, our creative teams have an increasingly robust canvas on which to achieve their vision and set new benchmarks for excellence. Take-Two's exceedingly well positioned to generate growth and margin expansion for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for delivering another strong quarter that exceeded our expectations. I'll now discuss our recent and upcoming releases. 
 On October 22, 2K launched WWE 2K20, the latest offering in our flagship WWE franchise for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Developed by Visual Concepts, WWE 2K20 features several new gameplay modes that celebrate the WWE's thriving women's division, as well as an array of fan-favorite superstars, legends and match types. Earlier this year, 2K announced the philanthropic partnership with Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, in conjunction with WWE Superstar Roman Reigns, who is a leukemia survivor that helps raise awareness and $500,000 for this important cause. 
 While we are disappointed with the reviews and consumer feedback for WWE 2K20, last week, Visual Concepts released a patch that should address many of the concerns, and they will continue to make further enhancements to the gameplay experience. The WWE brand continues to expand worldwide, and we believe there remains a substantial long-term opportunity to grow our WWE 2K series by improving the quality of the game. 
 On October 25, Private Division launched The Outer World for Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC. Developed by Obsidian Entertainment, The Outer Worlds marks the reunion of Tim Cain and Leonard Boyarsky, the original creators of Fallout, who have introduced an entirely new single player, sci-fi, RPG experience. A critical and commercial success, The Outer Worlds is exceeding our expectations and reviews have been outstanding, with GameStop giving the game 9 out of 10; Game Informer, 9.25 out of 10; and EGM, a perfect 5 out of 5. In early 2020, The Outer Worlds will be released for Nintendo Switch. 
 As noted by Strauss, on November 5, Rockstar Games launched Red Dead Redemption 2 for PC, which is the first title in the Red Dead series to be offered on PC. The release of the game also marked the debut of Rockstar Games Launcher, a new Windows desktop application that enables consumers to quickly and easily access their Rockstar Games PC collection in a single place across both digital and disk-based titles, including purchases from other visual stores, managed cloud saves and more. 
 Players will also be able to use the Launcher to shop for new Rockstar Games PC titles. The introduction of the Rockstar Games Launcher underscores our commitment to investing to deliver great entertainment experiences in new ways for audiences. 
 Later this month, Borderlands 3, NBA 2K20 and Red Dead Redemption 2 will be available as part of Google Stadia's initial offering as a full-priced games. Streaming represents an exciting opportunity and has the potential to become a compelling distribution channel of our industry that could expand our market and increase our margins. 
 On November 22, Sid Meier's Civilization VI will come to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, marking the first time since 2008 that a Civilization game has been available for PlayStation or Xbox consoles. In addition, 2K for-access games will launch the separate Civilization VI expansion model, which includes all content from the Rise and Fall and Gathering Storm expansion packs. Civilization VI is the fastest selling title in the history of the series, with sell-in to date of nearly 6 million units worldwide. 
 Rounding out our holiday lineup will be Private Division's December 6 release of Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey, for digital download on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. 
 Throughout fiscal 2020, we will continue to support our titles with innovative post-launch content designed to drive engagement and player growth, including many more updates from Rockstar Games for both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online. On October 24, 2K and Gearbox Software launched the Bloody Harvest, free seasonal event for Borderlands 3, the first offering in the robust post-launch content plans for the title. We will continue to support Borderlands 3 with free seasonal content updates and raid-like events called takedowns. In addition, 2K and Gearbox plan to release 4 major downloadable campaign expansions, available collectively with the purchase of a season pass or individually upon release. 
 The first of these DLC patch is scheduled to launch this winter. In December, Private Division will launch the Kerbal Space Program: Breaking Ground expansion to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, which was previously released for PC in May. And throughout the year, 2K will continue to release additional content for WWE 2K20 and other titles. 
 We also continue to broaden our slate for mobile devices, including the November 13 launch of season 6 of our popular WWE SuperCard series. 
 Looking ahead to fiscal year 2021, Private Division announced that Disintegration, a new sci-fi, first-person shooter will launch in calendar 2020. In Disintegration, players command their troops as they battle through a thrilling single-player campaign and compete in frenetic multiplayer against other pilots and their crews. Disintegration is being developed by V1 Interactive, a new independent studio cofounded by Marcus Lehto, former creative director at Bungie, and co-creator of Halo. 
 Also from Private Division, Kerbal Space Program 2, the sequel to the beloved original space sim, is now planned for the launch on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in fiscal 2021, in order to allow more time to make the experience as terrific as possible. The original Kerbal Space Program has sold in over 3.5 million units and earned Metacritic rating of 88 and a Steam user score of 91%. Private Division will have more exciting news and announcements in the coming months. 
 Turning to eSports. Qualifying rounds for season 3 of the NBA 2K league, our joint venture with the NBA, will conclude this week followed by the combine that will end in December, and the official player draft and start of the season in the spring. The NBA 2K League announced that Gen.G, the global eSports organization, will launch a new franchise from Shanghai that will join the League for the upcoming season, marking the first team from outside of North America. 
 The team will join the previously announced Charlotte Hornets Venom GT as the 2 new teams for season 3, bringing the League total to 23 franchises. We are very excited about the continued progress and growth of the League, which has a long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company. 
 In closing, we remain focused on delivering the highest-quality entertainment and providing new and innovative ways for our consumers to stay immersed and engaged with their favorite experiences. We are investing heavily in opportunities to grow our scale, increase our presence in mobile and capitalize on emerging distribution channels and business models. The successful execution of this strategy will provide value to our customers and generate strong returns for our shareholders. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks Karl, good afternoon, everyone. Today we'll discuss our second quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year 2020. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. 
 As Strauss mentioned, our positive momentum continued in the second quarter, enabling us to generate operating results that significantly exceeded our expectations. Total net bookings grew 63% to $951 million as compared to our outlook of $860 million to $910 million. This outperformance is driven primarily by better-than-expected results from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online and Borderlands 3. Recurrent consumer spending grew 39% and accounted for 45% of total net bookings as compared to our outlook of over 20% growth. Recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations due primarily to the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online. 
 Digitally delivered net bookings grew 63% and accounted for 73% of the total as compared to our outlook of over 40% growth. This result exceeded our expectations due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending and the higher than forecasted mix of digital sales of Borderlands 3 and Grand Theft Auto V. During the second quarter, 51% of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 47% last year. 
 Turning to some details from our second quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue grew to $858 million and cost of goods sold increased to $468 million. Operating expenses increased by 36% to $315 million, due primarily to higher marketing, personnel and R&D costs. And GAAP net income was $72 million or $0.63 per share as compared to $25 million or $0.22 per share in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow for the 6 months ended September 30, 2019, increased to $41 million, and we ended the period with $1.5 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2020 financial outlook starting with the third quarter. We project net bookings to range from $860 million to $910 million. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K20, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, The Outer Worlds, Borderlands 3 and the WWE 2K series. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 5%. This growth is affected by the difficult comparisons due to the allocation from the Red Dead Redemption 2 premium edition last year. 
 Growth is expected to be driven by Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online, excluding last year's allocation, and NBA 2K. We are currently projecting single-digit growth in recurrent consumer spending from NBA 2K due the strength of the title in the third quarter last year. We expect digitally delivered net bookings to increase by about 5%. Our forecast assumes that 50% of our current generation console games will be delivered digitally, up from 31% in the same period last year. 
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $915 million to $965 million, and cost of goods sold to range from $425 million to $452 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $312 million to $322 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 6% increase over last year driven primarily by higher R&D, the personnel costs, partially offset by lower marketing expense. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $159 million to $170 million or $1.39 to $1.49 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 17% throughout fiscal 2020. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We are raising our operating outlook as a result of our better-than-expected second quarter operating results and improved net bookings outlook for the balance of the year. We now expect net bookings to range from $2.75 billion to $2.85 billion, up from our prior outlook of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion. 
 The increase beyond the second quarter beat is driven primarily by improved expectations for Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V and Borderlands 3, partially offset by the move of Kerbal Space Program 2 into fiscal 2021. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Borderlands 3, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, The Outer Worlds, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and the WWE 2K series. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60%, 2K; 30%, Rockstar Games; and 10%, Private Division, Social Point and other. And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60%, United States; and 40%, international. 
 We now expect recurrent consumer spending to increase by 25%, up from our prior outlook of the mid-teens growth, driven primarily by higher expectations for Grand Theft Auto Online. We now expect Grand Theft Auto Online to grow in fiscal 2020 as a result of its better-than-expected performance, fiscal year-to-date and improved outlook for the balance of the year. 
 We project digitally delivered net bookings to grow by nearly 30%. This is up from our prior outlook of high-teens growth due primarily to our increased forecast for recurrent consumer spending and a higher mix of digital sales of Borderlands 3 and Grand Theft Auto V. Our outlook assumes that 57% of current generation console games will be delivered digitally, up from 38% last year. 
 We expect to generate more than $450 million in adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow, and we now plan to deploy approximately $75 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.93 billion to $3.03 billion, and cost of goods sold to range from $1.39 billion to $1.43 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.12 billion to $1.14 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 20% increase over the prior year, driven primarily by higher marketing, R&D and personnel costs. 
 And we expect GAAP net income to range from $388 million to $416 million or $3.38 to $3.63 per share. We have not flowed through the entire   second quarter management reporting EPS beat to our implied management reporting EPS outlook for fiscal 2020, due to marketing expenses that shifted from the second quarter, and to balance of the year, a higher forecast for marketing, IP and R&D expense and the move of Kerbal Space Program 2 into fiscal 2021. 
 In closing, our strong performance during the second quarter has enabled us to increase further our operating outlook for fiscal 2020, which is poised to be another great year for Take-Two. Our positive momentum continues and with our industry-leading creative assets, coupled with our management focus on operational excellence and sound financial foundation, our company is in the perfect position to deliver strong results for shareholders over the long term. 
 Thank you. I will now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their dedication, their hard work, their commitment to excellence. And to our shareholders, I'd like to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two quick things. First, with Outer Worlds, I believe you said it was selling ahead of expectations, wonder if you might be able to put some actual numbers to that, if you don't mind? And then secondly, with Red Dead Online, wondered -- obviously, you don't talk about revenue for that game, but wondered if you might be able to at least talk about the some of the trajectory, how it compares to RCS for other games? Or how you have found that game to be tracking? 
Strauss Zelnick: Eric, it's Strauss. On Outer Worlds, we're not releasing any specific numbers yet. It's outperforming our expectations handily. It got amazing reviews, we're super excited about it. But it's very, very early. So as we learn more, we'll disclose more. 
 And on Red Dead Online, we did say that we're up sequentially in the quarter. We have a lot of momentum. The new content is definitely performing. People really like it, they're engaged with it. We feel great about it, and that's pretty much where we're at, at the moment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Giaimo with Jefferies. 
David Lustberg: This is David on for Alex. Hoping to get a little bit of color on Social Point. Last quarter, you said you had 10 number of games in development. Is that still the number we should be thinking about or that changed at all? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your question. I think a couple of notes about Social Point. First of all, there are 5 live games that are doing well in the market. So Dragon City and Monster Legends but also World Chef, Tasty Town and Word Life. So that's super exciting. And at any given time, we have 8 to 10 new titles in development at Social Point. So yes, that's roughly correct. We're really excited about what is coming to us in the future. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Since there are no further questions left in the queue, I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Obviously, we've had a great quarter. We raised our outlook for the year. We're really excited about how the company is doing. This company is all about creativity, innovation and efficiency. Our goal is to make the highest-quality entertainment in the business and, in fact, in the entertainment business. More often than not, our creative teams succeed at that, and we couldn't be more grateful to them than we are. So thank you so much for joining us today. We're looking forward to the rest of our fiscal year and then beyond that as well. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Hank Diamond, SVP of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 ended June 30, 2019.
 Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance.
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that fiscal 2020 is off to a terrific start with first quarter operating results that exceeded our expectations. We delivered significant net bookings and cash flow growth driven by the performance of Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K19, the Borderlands franchise and Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online.
 As we approach the sixth anniversary of their initial launch, sales of Grand Theft Auto V and recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online once again exceeded our expectations in the first quarter. Net bookings from Grand Theft Auto Online grew year-over-year driven by the increased installed base of Grand Theft Auto V units as well as numerous reward bonus programs tied to game mode events and promotions. Grand Theft Auto V also continued its unprecedented level of success, charting in the top 10 games in 5 out of the past 6 months in the U.S. based on combined physical and digital sales according to The NPD Group. The title has now sold in more than 110 million units and remains one of the most revered and successful entertainment experiences across all art forms of all time.
 Our industry-leading basketball series continues to set new benchmarks for excellence. NBA 2K19 is now our highest-selling sports game ever with sell-in to date of nearly 12 million units. During the first quarter, net bookings from NBA 2K19 more than doubled driven by strong recurrent consumer spending and increased unit sales. Recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew more than 140% and was the single-largest contributor to that part of our business. Moreover, engagement with NBA 2K19 continues to increase with average games played and daily active users growing 12% and 23%, respectively. This was driven by a variety of factors, including an enhanced mix of game modes that appeals to a broader audience and play styles, the strong performance of recent sales promotions, new player virtual currency bundles and engaging late-cycle MyTeam content. We expect the lifetime net bookings from NBA 2K19 will be the highest ever for a 2K sports title, including both record unit sales and recurrent consumer spending.
 Leading up to the eagerly anticipated September launch of Borderlands 3, which Karl will discuss shortly, we've seen a significant increase in sales of our Borderlands catalog offerings. During the quarter, 2K and Gearbox Software released the Borderlands: Game of the Year Edition for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC, which features all-new Ultra HD visuals, numerous gameplay improvements and all previously released add-on packs. In addition, we launched the Ultra HD Texture Pack that increases the visual fidelity of Borderlands: The Handsome Collection on consoles and provides a graphical upgrade for Borderlands 2, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and all of the add-ons for both titles on PC.
 Turning to Rockstar Games' latest creative and commercial masterpiece. Red Dead Redemption 2 continues to expand its audience and to date has sold-in approximately 25 million units worldwide. On May 14, Red Dead Online exited its beta phase with a massive update that brought a host of new gameplay modes, including new cooperative story missions, free roam activities and the introduction of poker, along with a range of updates and improvements that strengthen and stabilize the foundational world of the Red Dead Online experience. In addition, throughout the quarter, Rockstar Games released additional content such as numerous new weapons, clothing, emotes and more. Both engagement and recurrent consumer spending on the game continue to gain momentum and Rockstar plans to continue to enhance and evolve the world of Red Dead Online with ongoing updates to drive growth over time.
 On July 1, Rockstar Games and Twitch announced an exciting new program through which Rockstar Games Social Club members and Twitch Prime subscribers receive free in-game rewards, bonuses and exclusive discounts in both Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online simply by linking their Twitch Prime and Social Club accounts. Benefits continue for months to come and include special in-game benefits for both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online. Rockstar Games plans to support both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online with much more content moving forward, and we now expect combined results from these titles to grow in fiscal 2020.
 Our first quarter results were also enhanced by Social Point's mobile games, WWE SuperCard and WWE 2K19 as well as Sid Meier's Civilization VI. One of our key strategic priorities is to continue to drive growth and engagement with our titles after their initial purchase. Our ability to achieve this goal consistently results from our firm commitment to providing consumers with opportunities that are compelling, of the highest quality and that meaningfully add to their overall gameplay experience. To that end, during the first quarter, recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations, growing 55% and accounting for 67% of our total net bookings.
 In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. In the free-to-play category, Social Point remains a meaningful contributor to our results through its 2 biggest mobile titles, Dragon City and Monster Legends as well as World Chef and Tasty Town. In May, our Barcelona-based studio successfully launched Word Life, a new crossword game and continues to invest in its broad and innovative pipeline of new games planned for launch in the coming years.
 Recurrent consumer spending on WWE SuperCard exceeded our expectations and the title has now been downloaded nearly 19.5 million times and remains 2K's highest-grossing mobile title.
 And recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K Online in China also outperformed, growing 75%, driven by the launch of NBA 2K Online 2 in August last year. Total combined registered users for NBA 2K Online 2 and its predecessor currently stand at 46 million, and the franchise remains the #1 PC online sports game in China. Asia and China in particular continues to be a significant, long-term growth opportunity for our business.
 Lastly, add-on content grew nearly 135%, led by offerings for the Borderlands franchise and Sid Meier's Civilization VI.
 As a result of our better-than-expected first quarter operating results and increased forecast for the balance of the year, we're raising our outlook for fiscal 2020, which is anticipated to be another great year for our organization. Looking ahead, we have the strongest development pipeline in our history, including sequels from our biggest franchises as well as exciting new IP.
 Take-Two remains exceedingly well positioned creatively, strategically and financially to capitalize on our industry's many opportunities and to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over the long term. With the promise of new consoles, along with emerging platforms, distribution channels, business models and markets, we have tremendous potential to engage and expand further our global audience through our development team's passion and vision for creative excellence.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for delivering a strong start to the fiscal year.
 Turning now to our recent and upcoming releases. On July 23, Rockstar Games held the grand opening of The Diamond Casino & Resort for Grand Theft Auto Online. The Diamond is the one-stop destination for quality entertainment, high-end living and a range of experiences that you won't find anywhere else. Players can engage in classic casino activities such as 3-card poker, blackjack, roulette and a variety of slot machines or watch virtual horse racing at the inside track lounge. Guests looking for high-end fashion can choose from a variety of new clothing accessories in the casino store. Diamond also offers the most luxurious penthouse residences in all of Los Santos and owners have the ability to customize their penthouse and enjoy VIP memberships at the resort, including exclusive lounges, high-limit tables, aircraft and limousine services and more. This highly engaging update also features a series of new story-based cooperative missions, open more activities and additional opportunities to earn special rewards. The Diamond Casino & Resort update was Grand Theft Auto Online's biggest launch ever, delivering record player engagement and daily active users, weekly active users and monthly active users.
 Now that Red Dead Online has exited the beta phase, Rockstar Games will continue to add more free content to the game. Following the massive content drop in May, later this summer, the world will evolve again with the introduction of specialist roles, including tracking down wanted criminals as a bounty hunter, searching the world for treasure and other exotic items to sell as a collector or building a business as a trader. Throughout the year, Rockstar Games will continue to support both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online with many more updates in order to drive engagement and player growth.
 On July 23, 2K released the Rise and Fall expansion pack for Sid Meier's Civilization VI on iOS through Aspyr. 2K also announced that they will bring all of the previously released add-on content for Sid Meier's Civilization VI to both iOS and Nintendo Switch later this year. Civilization VI is the fastest-selling title in the history of the series with sell-in to date of more than 5.5 million units worldwide.
 On August 27, Private Division will release Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey for digital download on PC. The title is the first release from Panache Digital Games, the studio cofounded by Patrice Désilets, the original Creative Director of the Assassin's Creed franchise. In the Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey, players are challenged to survive and evolve in the harsh yet beautiful land of Africa, spanning from 10 million to 2 million years ago. Ancestors will also be available for digital download on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in December.
 On September 6, 2K and Visual Concepts will launch NBA 2K20, the next annual offering from our industry-leading basketball simulation for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and PC. The title will also be available for Google Stadia when the platform launches in November 2019. The NBA 2K20 Standard and digital Deluxe Editions will feature 6-time NBA All-Star, 3-time All-NBA First Team, 3-time NBA All-Defensive Team and 2012 Olympic gold medalist, Anthony Davis, on the cover. The NBA 2K20 Legend Edition will feature 3-time NBA Champion, 13-time NBA All-Star, 2008 Olympic gold medalist and 2006 NBA Finals MVP Dwyane Wade on the cover. NBA 2K20 will feature the most expansive soundtrack in the history of the series with 50 tracks from artists such as Drake, Meek Mill, Billie Eilish, Post Malone and the late Nipsey Hussle. Additional songs will be dynamically added throughout the year across genres, spanning hip-hop, R&B, electronic pop and rock.
 On September 13, 2K and Gearbox Software will launch Borderlands 3 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. The title will also be available for Google Stadia when the platform launches in November 2019. The Borderlands franchise, which combines the exhilarating action of a first-person shooter with the rich progression and loot systems of a role-playing game, has sold-in more than 48 million units worldwide to date. In June, at E3, more than 8,000 consumers were able to experience Borderlands 3 and their reaction was phenomenal. Throughout the show, there was enormous excitement around our massive, high-energy booth which featured larger-than-life statues and photo ops, 100 gameplay stations and 100-seat demo theater. The global media in attendance lauded Borderlands 3 with more than 50 E3 award wins and nominations, including best in show nods from IGN, GameSpot, Destructoid, Ars Technica, the E3 game critics and more.
 In addition, during the month of June, 2K worked with our first-party partners to offer an array of low to no-cost engagement opportunities, including the release of a new DLC campaign for Borderlands 2 entitled Commander Lilith & the Fight for Sanctuary, which provide the narrative lead-in to the events of Borderlands 3. In addition, Borderlands: The Handsome Collection was added to Xbox Game Pass and was included in the PlayStation Instant Game Collection for the month. On PC, our entire Borderlands back catalog was made available at a deep discount for our retail partners. These efforts, together with the launch of the Borderlands: Game of the Year Edition in April, has resulted in sell-in of over 6 million units of Borderland titles and over 4 million players enjoying the critically acclaimed Commander Lilith DLC.
 Later this month, Borderlands 3 will be at gamescom in Germany and PAX West in Seattle where we will share details on an expansive post-launch content plan that will keep players engaged with new experiences well past September 13. The consumer excitement leading up to next month's launch of Borderlands 3 is incredibly strong and we very much look forward to the next chapter in the highly successful Borderlands franchise.
 On October 22, 2K's popular WWE series will be back when WWE 2K20 launches for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Developed by Visual Concepts, WWE 2K20 includes several franchise firsts, alongside streamlined gameplay and a variety of popular modes. Current Raw Women's Champion Becky Lynch and WWE Superstar Roman Reigns will serve as the game's cover Superstars and ambassadors for its worldwide marketing campaign Step Inside, which invites players to enter the world of WWE Superstars and face a variety of new and exciting challenges in the virtual ring.
 On October 25, Private Division will release The Outer Worlds. Developed by Obsidian Entertainment, The Outer Worlds marks the reunion of Tim Cain and Leonard Boyarsky, the original creators of Fallout, who are introducing an entirely new single-player sci-fi RPG experience. Launching on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC, The Outer Worlds is a dark and witty player-driven story set in the colony at the farthest reaches of the galaxy. In addition, the title will be coming to Nintendo Switch following the launch on the other platforms. At E3 in June, The Outer Worlds received 4 nominations from the Game Critics Award for Best of E3, more than any other game and won the award for Best Original Game.
 Throughout fiscal year 2020, we will continue to support our titles with innovative, post-launch content designed to drive engagement. In addition, Social Point and 2K will continue to broaden our offerings for mobile devices.
 Looking ahead to fiscal year 2021, Private Division announced Disintegration, a new sci-fi first-person shooter from V1 Interactive, the studio cofounded by Marcus Lehto, former Creative Director at Bungie and co-creator of Halo. The title will be fully unveiled later this month at gamescom. Private Division will have more exciting news and announcements in the coming months.
 Turning to eSports. The second season of the NBA 2K League, our joint venture with the NBA, concluded this past weekend. Just prior to playoffs, the League announced that Tencent would be their first distribution partner in China and stream condensed playoffs and finals games to their hundreds of millions of daily users across Tencent Sports, Tencent Video and Tencent News. NBA 2K League content has generated more than 243 million video views across all NBA and NBA 2K League social media platforms.
 In addition, NBA 2K League viewership both live and on-demand continues to rise with the second season seeing a 34% increase in views over Season 1. We are very excited about the continued progress and growth of the league which has a long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company.
 Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on delivering the highest-quality entertainment and to provide new and innovative ways to enhance players' experiences with our games. To that end, we are investing heavily in opportunities to grow our scale, increase our presence in mobile and capitalize on emerging distribution channels and business models such as free-to-play, streaming and subscription.
 The successful execution of the strategy will continue to engage our customers and generate growth and profits for our company over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our first quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2020. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release.
 As Strauss mentioned, fiscal 2020 is off to a terrific start with first quarter operating results that exceeded our expectations. Total net bookings grew 46% to $422 million as compared to our outlook of $310 million to $360 million. This outperformance is driven primarily by better-than-expected results from Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K19 and the Borderlands franchise. Recurrent consumer spending grew 55% and accounted for 67% of total net bookings as compared to our outlook of over 20% growth. Recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations due primarily to the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K.
 Digitally delivered net bookings grew 51% and accounted for 91% of the total as compared to our outlook of over 20% growth. This result exceeded expectations due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending and a higher-than-forecasted mix of digitally delivered full-game sales. During the first quarter, 75% of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 53% last year.
 Turning to some details from our first quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue grew to $540 million and cost of goods sold increased to $241 million. Operating expenses increased by 33% to $247 million due primarily to higher marketing and R&D cost. And GAAP net income was $46 million or $0.41 per share as compared to $72 million or $0.62 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Adjusted operating cash flow increased to nearly $47 million, and we ended the period with $1.54 billion in cash and short-term investments.
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2020 financial outlook. Starting with the second quarter. We project net bookings to range from $860 million to $910 million, up from $583 million in the second quarter last year. The increase is driven primarily by the release of Borderlands 3. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K20, Borderlands 3, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online and Social Point's mobile offerings. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow by over 20%. This growth is expected to be driven by NBA 2K, Borderlands 3 and Red Dead Online as well as modest growth from Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect digitally delivered net bookings to increase by more than 40%. Our forecast assumes that 48% of our current generation console games will be delivered digitally, up from 47% in the same period last year.
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $855 million to $905 million and cost of goods sold to range from $415 million to $442 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $312 million to $322 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 37% increase over last year driven primarily by higher marketing and R&D costs. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $118 million to $130 million or $1.04 to $1.14 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 17% throughout fiscal 2020.
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We are raising our outlook as a result of better-than-expected first quarter operating results and increased forecast for the balance of the year. We now expect net bookings to range from $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, up from our prior outlook of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. Compared to the prior year, we expect NBA 2K and WWE 2K to grow, offset by lower results from Red Dead Redemption 2 and Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Borderlands 3, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, The Outer Worlds and WWE 2K. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% 2K, 30% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division, Social Point and other. And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 65% United States and 35% international.
 We now expect recurrent consumer spending to increase in the mid-teens, up from our prior outlook of low single-digit growth driven primarily by higher expectations for Grand Theft Auto online and NBA 2K. Importantly, we now expect combined results from Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online to grow in fiscal 2020. This growth excludes the value that was allocated to recurrent consumer spending from the Red Dead Redemption 2 Premium Edition. We now project digitally delivered net bookings to grow in the high teens. This is up from our prior outlook of low double-digit growth driven primarily by our increased forecast for recurrent consumer spending and a higher mix of digitally delivered full-game sales. Our outlook assumes that 55% of current generation console games will be delivered digitally, up from 38% last year.
 We expect to generate more than $450 million in adjusted operating cash flow and we plan to deploy approximately $90 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.83 billion to $2.93 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.3 billion to $1.34 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.07 billion to $1.09 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 15% increase over the prior year driven primarily by higher marketing, R&D and personnel costs. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $425 million to $454 million or $3.71 to $3.96 per share.
 In closing, fiscal 2020 is off to a fantastic start and is poised to be another outstanding year for Take-Two driven by the talent of our creative teams and our management's unwavering commitment to operational excellence. We have a strong financial foundation that enables us to pursue a variety of opportunities to enhance our strategic positioning and increase our ability to deliver growth and margin expansion over the long term.
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work in delivering an excellent start to the year. To our shareholders, I'd like to express our appreciation for your continued support. And we'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two things. First, I wondered if you could talk about Red Dead Redemption Online and maybe you could give a few metrics about engagement or the ramp in revenue that you have seen since the game has come out of beta and gone live. And then secondly, wondered if you could give a little color about the Private Division. Obviously, you made a recent announcement for one game coming out in fiscal '21. But at this point, how many games have you signed up for Private Division and how big of an opportunity do you see that to be over the next 12 months? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric. This is Strauss. So on Red Dead Online, we exited the beta phase on May 14 with a huge update and created a lot of opportunity to enjoy the online world. We also introduced poker at that time. In addition, throughout the first quarter, Rockstar released additional content, including new weapons, clothing, emotes and others which I mentioned earlier. We're not giving out any statistics. However, we're really thrilled with the sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 at over 25 million units and we're excited about the continuing momentum with Red Dead Online. We've also said that we expect that Rockstar Online, which is both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online, should be setting a new record this year. So couldn't be more excited. And Karl will talk about Private Division. 
Karl Slatoff: So for Private Division, we've announced 3 titles to date. Private Division has been in existence for quite some time, and we tend to only announce things when we are ready to announce things about games themselves. We have a lot of other activity that we haven't talked about with Private Division, but those are the 3 games that we've announced. Ancestors with Patrice Désilets at Panache Games. We have The Outer Worlds with Obsidian. And we just announced recently Disintegration with V1, which is Marcus Lehto's studio. So that's all we have to say at the moment, but you should expect more in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Thornton with SunTrust. 
Matthew Thornton: Congrats on the strong results. Maybe first on Borderlands. Can you help us maybe as we think about recurrent revenue on Borderlands 3, how can we think about or maybe compare and contrast Borderlands versus Red Dead this year? Obviously, last year, you talked about Red Dead having about a 17% attach rate of premium SKUs. Obviously, the beta took a couple of quarters, although there wasn't a lot of MTX per se. I sounds like Borderlands 3 will get a deal. But just any comparing and contrasting on the recurrent revenue for the Q front line release there would be really helpful. And then just I'll throw it out there, any high-level commentary you'd be willing to offer on the out-years plays would be great as well. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. In terms of Borderlands 3, we haven't discussed too much about our plan for recurrent consumer spending, but as with most our games if not all our games, we have a robust plan around delivering post-launch and game content to engage with consumers. And it will be a bit different than Red Dead Online. For the most part, we've talked about DLC content, so story-driven, mission-based content. There'll be some cosmetics with Borderlands 3, but it is a different kind of experience. As we said before, 2K is going to be announcing more about that in the not-too-distant future. So you'll get a little bit more clarity on exactly what we have to offer. But if history -- and we don't really talk about engagement and attach, but I think most of the people on the call know that Borderlands has a very strong history of delivering a lot of downloadable content and having great success with that. So obviously we're very excited about that plan. 
Lainie Goldstein: The R&D expense be. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. In terms of our out-years release schedule, we basically disclosed everything that -- we've already disclosed everything we've been talking about now. So there's nothing more to say about that other than the fact that we do have -- and you can see it in our numbers, we have talked about our R&D expenses going up, particularly this year, which will be indicative of investment in new titles. So that is, in fact, what's going on, and we've got a very robust -- and maybe our most robust pipeline of all time for new IP. A lot of that's driven by Private Division, but there's new IP throughout the entire company as well. So again, you'll be hearing more about that soon in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: Congrats on the continued great execution. Few questions. One, you raised the year by more than the beat on the quarter. So what specifically are you seeing? And then perhaps related to that, Rockstar stated that the casino expansion was the biggest effort ever, and I think they were referring to overall players on Day 1 and during the week. Can you help translate that into how it impacts the monetization and then how that influences guidance for the year?
 And then separately, Strauss, heading into the launch of cloud services, the new consoles next year and obviously, the continued growth in mobile, how do you think platform fees may evolve? Should we expect the platform owners to operate similarly to what we've seen in the past or do you think things are going to change? 
Lainie Goldstein: For the fiscal year guidance increase, it is driven primarily by the first quarter beat, but we've also updated our forecast for the remainder of the year. And the primary increases are GTA V, GTA Online and Borderlands 3. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of the new casino update, this has been our biggest ever for Grand Theft Auto Online, which is saying a lot. And what we've seen already is record player engagement in daily, weekly and monthly active users with a lot of more content coming. So it's looking just fantastic. And of course, we're up year-over-year in the quarter, which is great. 
 Turning to the platform fees. Look, with competition, I think you have to expect that we will do much better in terms of take rates. You're already seeing that some recently launched platforms have announced lower fees. And if you go from an oligopoly environment to a broadly competitive environment, I think that has to be your expectation. And I would just note that, that obviously, that benefits the company directly as those fees decline. And that's how we've been counting. That doesn't even count, of course, the volumes. So I think it's going to be sort of the food is both tasty and plentiful which is nice. 
Benjamin Schachter: Good. If I could sneak one more in. Just, Lainie, I think you mentioned CapEx was $90 million. Can you remind me where it was last year and what are you spending the bulk on this year? 
Lainie Goldstein: Last year, it was $60 million for the year. This year, the increase is driven by some development kits as well as some build-outs with some new office throughout the organization. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So Strauss, understand you guys don't provide specific guidance on individual titles, but coming off a very strong performance for NBA 2K19, just conceptually, what are your thoughts around perennial titles and I guess sports included and how they perform late in the hardware cycle and whether or not they're more susceptible to weaker sales as consumers look ahead to purchasing new consoles?
 And I guess separately for Lainie, maybe I'll ask Ben's question a little bit differently here. You're guiding Rockstar Online to be up in fiscal '20. Does that include growth for GTA Online? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Drew, for your question. Yes, we've been blessed by the amazing work that Visual Concepts and 2K do on NBA 2K, and we're having a record-setting year again this year with NBA 2K19, which has sold-in over 12 million units and recurrent consumer spending was up 140% in the quarter. Just amazing with extraordinary growth in average games played and daily active users really across the board. And I attribute that to not only that we have the industry-leading sim game, but that you can inhabit this game and enjoy its -- sort of the lifestyle that it offers for -- in addition to playing the sim game itself.
 I think 6, 7 years ago, basketball was a 3-month experience. And now it's a 9-, 10-month experience, and we think it's going to grow to be a full 1-year experience. To address your question particularly, the last console cycle had no negative influence on us and frankly, not really much on the industry because the entire platform business is diversifying. And the PC format particularly since that's now all digital has transformed that business. That can be 40%, 50% of a release, of a console release now if you're out on all those platforms. And that'll continue to grow. So we expect that the new console generation will be a significant net positive, and there's nothing about an annualized sports title that would play out differently. 
Lainie Goldstein: For Rockstar Online, for fiscal year '20 growth, yes, we expect the 2 games together to grow, but GTA Online for the full year will be down over last year. Q1 and Q2 are up over the prior year. So still really early in the year, so we'll see how the rest of the year plays out, but right now the 2 together are up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: I have 2. Just to come back to Red Dead Online. Another incredible quarter out of GTA Online. I was wondering, could talk to us at all about any differences you notice in player engagement or player behavior in Red Dead Online that could change the way you think about the long-term monetization opportunity for a game like Red Dead as opposed to a game like GTA, which just continues to surprise to the upside.
 And the second one on mobile, Karl, I think last quarter, you talked about there were 10 games in development at Social Point. Just any update there on how you think about the timing of those releases and what's the impact from those in the full year guide for this year? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks. With a game like Red Dead where you can engage significantly with the characters in the games, we think there are wonderful opportunities for players to experience the Red Dead Online world on an ongoing basis, especially as new content is dropped. And we tend to focus on the experience first. We want to make something that consumers love and engage with and then monetization follows. But we do feel there are and will be plenty of opportunities to create recurrent consumer spending based on the format of the Red Dead Online world. 
Karl Slatoff: In terms of Social Point, as you know, our 2 main titles continue to perform very, very well. And we have announced the we've had approximately 10 games in development. That hasn't really changed. Games can come in, can come out, but that sort of reflects where the capacity is for that division in terms of having things in different stages of the pipeline in any given point. We did launch Tasty Town in January to a global launch and we also launched Word Life in May. So not every game makes it, but the good news is, we've got games that are actually coming out and are worthy of global launch. So we continue down that path. And like I said, you can expect to see new games coming out of Social Point all the time, but that 10 number is still a good number. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: Notwithstanding the long list of sort of double-digit growth rates in the quarter, I did see those, but I'd love to talk a little bit about growth over the horizon. And I guess Strauss or Karl or whoever wants to take it, there's not that many examples I can think of, of companies in your business of your size or bigger that are able to organically grow over time consistently. I just wonder, do you guys subscribe to a view that at a certain size, it gets harder and harder for a company in your business to grow or do you think that's a false view? And it begs a follow-on, I'll just keep it to 1 or 2. But does it mean that you guys will have to, perhaps, start introducing more than one front line title other than NBA 2K a year? Does online services sort of change that need or replace extra releases and that sort of growth algorithm? And what does that mean for your organization? Just thinking over the horizon of how you keep this going. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, really appreciate it. And yes, you're right, law of big numbers. As the numbers get bigger, of course, growing at the same rate will become more challenging. But we have this wonderful situation in the marketplace, which is that the sector has extraordinary tailwinds. And we expect those to continue. And that's driven by the growth in the cohort that enjoys video games. Remember, people consume for the rest of their lives the entertainment that they loved at the age of 17. The video game business is about 30 years old, 35 years old effectively. And the average player age today is around 37 or 38. So plenty of room for growth. As people age, more people come into the market, but people don't stop playing video games.
 So for 20 or 25 years, demographics will grow, will cause the industry to grow and the industry participants who do a good job will benefit from that. We're also seeing growth from geographies that we're currently not involved in, for example, Africa and India, to a lesser extent, Russia, the Middle East and of course, China, where we currently have a meaningful business, but we think there's a lot of growth opportunity there as well.
 And third, growth in new business models, new technologies such as streaming. And new kinds of games, I would just observe 10 years ago, there was no mobile business. And today, that's a $60 billion marketplace. And at the same time that, that has sprung up and grown, the core console and PC businesses continue to grow at a rapid clip. So this industry is the most rapidly growing industry in entertainment, and that's not going to change for the next 10, 20, 25 years.
 Now with that backdrop, can we fail to execute? Of course, we can. So what are we doing about it? First, our focus is on being the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business. We take that incredibly seriously. And the reflection of that are the quality of what we do most of the time and the reflection of that is in the financial results that we're able to deliver more often than not. Right now, we are increasing -- to your specific question, we are increasing our investment in development. We are increasing our R&D investment. We do expect to enhance our release schedule. We launched Private Division. We bought Social Point. And I think you can expect opportunities are both driven organically and driven inorganically.
 So finally, when we took over this company roughly 12 years ago, we had $700 million in net revenue. This year, we're projecting to $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion in net bookings. That is primarily organic growth. We've done a few acquisitions, but primarily, that's organic growth. And I'd be loath to give you a prediction of an annual growth rate. I can't really do that. But what I can tell you is, we're duty-bound to deliver new IP every year and new releases of franchise IP. We're duty-bound to deliver the biggest and best titles in the business and it's our job to create hits. And more often than not, we do that. If we do that, we're going to have a great set of results. And if we can add on somehow some inorganic growth, which is also a part of our current strategy, selectively and in a highly disciplined way, then we could deliver even more growth. I always like to say, you can listen to the words, but it's always better to look at the actions because that's probably what will be repeated. And our actions are, we deliver hits and we deliver organic growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: As you mentioned, GTA is performing better than expected, and I'm sure the majority of that outperformance has to do with development of compelling content from Rockstar. But just curious, while you don't directly monetize some of the things that have been going on with modding, et cetera, how much of the strong, recent interest in the title is from those types of kind of outside activities positively impacting GTA Online and also helping maintain player engagement or re-engage the base? 
Strauss Zelnick: We do think it's had a big impact along with the exposure of GTA and the popularity of GTA and Twitch, which has led to this relationship with Twitch Prime that we're super excited about. So we're all astonished and delighted that 6 years after the initial release, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online are even bigger cultural phenomena than ever. But as you pointed out, what's that driven by? That's driven by the content that Rockstar continues to deliver the audience and the respect that Rockstar shows its audience and the desire to keep being on the cutting edge of entertainment. That's our goal around here and Rockstar personifies the execution of that. 
Michael Olson: Absolutely. And then as previously discussed on the call here, you've got some interesting Private Division titles coming out this year and next. I know it's really hard to say and you don't want to give specific guidance. But maybe just qualitatively, what's kind of the best way for investors to think about potential contribution from those titles? Like how additive do you think they can be versus some of your other titles? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The structure of those titles economically are, if we are able to create hits, they have the same pound-for-pound economic benefit than any of our other titles around here. So there's a great opportunity, but that opportunity will be delivered to the extent that we deliver hits. And we never claim success before we have it, ever. That said, our expectations are high. The buzz is very strong. The team there, led by Michael Worosz, takes the quality part of our strategy exceedingly seriously. They are very disciplined and very, very selective. And we're grateful that we get to work with some of the best creators on Earth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Gee with BAM. 
Ryan Gee: So I wanted to understand the accelerating growth for NBA 2K. I know unit sales are up. But beyond that, how much has performance there been really a function of getting more players to go online versus really growth in ARPU for the existing players? And if it is the latter, what were some of the significant changes you guys have done and how much room do you think there is to push that ARPU button higher?
 And then a follow-up. I know you guys called out GTA Online has performed really well since the casino update in terms of player engagement and users, but I don't recall if you said anything specifically about Red Dead coming out of the beta. So 2 months on, what are you guys seeing in terms of players and engagement for that title? 
Karl Slatoff: So yes, NBA 2K19 is, in fact, it's actually exceeding our expectations. And it's really changed over the year. I don't know if you'll recall that we weren't necessarily projecting that units would be higher than they were iteration over iteration. Now we are significantly. We're already nearly 12 million units at this point. So it is certainly growth in units. That always helps. When you've got a higher base of people playing the game that creates this virtual circle that's obviously had a positive effect on RCS as well.
 So RCS is up 140% quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year for this quarter. That's a huge change for us. And yes, of course, the number of units and getting more players in had a lot to do with that, but also I think how we're more effectively engaging folks because if people are engaged and we give them more things to do, then ultimately that leads to positive things from an economic standpoint. And some of the things that we've done because we've learned from the past is that, and Strauss mentioned this before, is that we're focused on trying to keep people engaged throughout the entire year, through the entire season, certainly through the summer and the playoffs, through the end of the season and then also through the summer. And the way that we do that is, first of all, I think the NBA 2K League has driven more interest, and that engages folks ultimately and the league just ended a few weeks ago. And also just a different mix of game modes that appeals to a broader audience and play styles. There's promotional activity that we've tried over the past few months, new player virtual currency bundles and also some late-cycle MyTeam content. So it's really a combination of a lot of things that helps drive people to the game but also getting them more engaged in the game. And if they're more engaged in the game, they're going to spend more money ultimately. And there's a lot of dry powder there. I would say we're still in the early innings of learning how to do this the best way. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And with regard to Red Dead Online, we said that post coming out of beta in May, the title has been performing better and better and gaining momentum. We don't have any more statistics to share except to say that it's going well, continuing to go better and that we're very, very optimistic. 
Ryan Gee: Okay. Great. And if I can just sneak one more in there. Lainie, I believe that Borderlands 3, you guys feel better about it. How should we think about the opportunity for that in fiscal '20 relative to the 25 million-plus that, I think, has sold in life-to-date that you guys recently disclosed? 
Lainie Goldstein: So Borderlands 2, we've sold-in to date 22 million units, and it's always our aim to grow each sequel of our franchises from iteration to iteration. And the consumer excitement is incredibly strong so we're really excited about the title. And when we looked at our numbers for the remainder of the year, we were able to bring up the forecast based on what we've been seeing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I just have one for Karl and one for Lainie. Karl, you mentioned that the Borderlands franchise sold in about 48 million units to date, and I think that's up from 41 million as recently as February. Could you talk a little bit about how the 7 million units or so sold in the last 5 to 6 months inform your view about Borderlands 3, if at all? And has that increased your confidence about the title?
 And then for Lainie, I think you mentioned the combined results for RCS for GTA Online and RDR will grow this year, excluding the premium unit headwind. Including that, would it still grow? 
Karl Slatoff: So for Borderlands 3, we are very excited about where things are right now from a buzz perspective, but also from an economic performance perspective. We probably would have never anticipated that our catalog sales from the previous Borderland releases would have accelerated as much as they did. Now that didn't come without real effort and real planning, but I think the response has certainly outweighed our expectations. So I would say, if anything, the past couple of months of activity would not -- starting with the various marketing beats that the marketing team at 2K has undertaken, but the actual just the promotional activity that we've had and the reaction from consumers where they're actually opening up their checkbooks and spending money, that bodes very, very well for Borderlands 3. So we're very excited about that. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of Rockstar Online, yes, we said it would grow without the special edition VC allocation. And it's not growing at this moment including it, but it's still early in the year. So we'll see how the year susses out. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge. 
Raymond Stochel: So digital grew and recurrent spending grew a lot. Is there any way that we can think about the gross margin contraction in the quarter? It looks like some heavy software development costs and royalties.
 And then separately, on the expense side, is there any timing that you're calling out around marketing either pushed or pulled forward in the period? 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the digital and recurrent consumer spending, it is continuing to help grow the gross margin, and you'll see that on the full year. In the quarter, we have a new release coming out. And with that, we have additional cap software expense and development costs. So that would be a little bit higher in the quarter.
 In terms of the expenses, in Q1, there was a little bit of marketing that didn't happen during the quarter that's going to get pushed out to the remainder of the year. You'll see the biggest marketing in Q2 and Q3 around our biggest releases and then they'll come down a little bit in Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Clay Griffin with Deutsche Bank. 
Clay Griffin: Look, I know you all like for your labels to take the lead in announcing new content and fully appreciate all the color you guys have given on GTA Online for the year. But I guess can you just help us think about maybe the relative scale and scope of the content that's planned for this year perhaps relative to the past couple of years? 
Strauss Zelnick: Lots more. 
Clay Griffin: Okay. Great. And then I guess just with Stadia, can you maybe talk about the relative ease or difficulty in taking Red Dead and even Grand Theft Auto to that platform from a technical perspective? It would seem like the single-player experience at the very least could potentially be very successful there. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's technically there -- it's relatively seamless. There are some minor challenges, nothing that we can't surmount. We are supportive of Stadia. We feel really good about that release. We've always said that you want to distinguish a distribution technology from a business model. The business model that we're using is one that's tried and true which is downloading for sale or streaming for sale. And there's not a lot of friction to make our titles available and Google's been exceedingly helpful. We feel very good about the opportunity. It remains to be seen how the platform works. They're awfully talented and they're very, very committed. So fingers crossed that it meets and exceeds consumers' expectations. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: One of the interesting things about this new console cycle is that you and your peers are going to face the need to migrate these large online gaming communities from one gen to another, and one could think there might be some challenges with that, especially for titles that don't come out on an annual basis. As far as Red Dead Online and GTA Online, how are you thinking about that transition? Do you see any particular challenges or opportunities? Is separating the client for the online from the base game something you consider to kind of ease that transition for players? Anything you can say on that would be helpful. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. From a tech perspective, one thing to keep in mind is generations, if you look at the releases that happen in the early part of a new generation versus the later part of a new generation, it's not necessarily a huge leap. And what you see is generation -- the releases at the end of a generation tend to look very different than the releases in the beginning of the generation. So when you're talking about trends, like putting games onto -- releasing games that are pre-existing games or even games that existed before and you're doing a sequel, bringing them to the next early on in the generation, there is certainly a technical challenge, but you're not necessarily going to be taking advantage of everything that the new generation has to offer. So it's not as disruptive as you may think. It also presents an opportunity to do something more with something that you've got out before. Because one thing is for sure, if you just take something and try to port it over, it's not necessarily going to generate any buzz. And most of the platforms are really talking about backward compatibility this time around as well. So that certainly is not going to resonate. So it is -- there are challenges, but it's not as disruptive as you may think. 
Strauss Zelnick: Right. And just, I mean, while it's maybe not a perfect analogy, we launched NBA 2K Online 2 in China and NBA 2K Online, the first version, is still in market. They're both in market simultaneously. And our recurrent consumer spending is way, way up year-over-year. We have the highest registered user base we've ever had. So again, I'm not sure it's a perfect analogy, but when you give people something they love and then you continue to support it and then potentially offer a new version for whether it's a new version of the title itself or a new version to reflect a new distribution platform or technology or console cycle, your audience is going to expand.
 And your second question about, would you ever consider splitting your purchase of a game from an online community. When you use the word ever, we'll consider anything that's good for the consumer and makes sense for us. We're not a rule-based organization. I would just observe though that the metrics around free-to-play are very different than the metrics around a console or a PC release with a subsequent online event that's ongoing. And it's nice to be in a position where we deliver something that's of such high quality that consumers are prepared happily to pay an entry price. And then we'll stay engaged with a title that on a stand-alone basis could look a lot like a free-to-play title. But by tethering it to the initial release, we've prequalified the consumer and the economics are obviously vastly more powerful.
 So we're open-minded about any business model in the fullness of time, but I think our current business model is very receptive to the needs of consumers and also speaks to the needs of the producing organization and our creative folks. And as I've said on numerous occasions, whenever you're trying to assess whether a particular business model works in entertainment, look for that intersection of what's good, first and foremost, for the consumer and then secondly, what's good for the producer and the distributor. You have to find the sweet spot that encompasses both of those things or you'll have an unstable environment, an environment that either can't support the consumer or can't support the producer or distributor. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Giaimo with Jefferies. 
Alexander Giaimo: Maybe just going back to the question on annualized releases. Do you see an opportunity in the future to bring forward more annualized content outside of WWE and NBA? I know, historically, you said you don't necessarily believe in non-sports annualized content. But maybe on the sports side, are there any opportunities you're seeing in maybe some other under-monetized sports that might make sense to pursue?
 And then quickly, if you guys can just provide an update on what you're seeing from the NBA initiative in China. 
Strauss Zelnick: So what we've said is, we wouldn't expect to annualize any titles other than sports titles. We have represented other sports in the past. We've had baseball. We've had boxing. We've had hockey. We currently have golf, and we're excited about expanding that business to the extent it makes sense for us and for the consumer. But there really aren't that many powerful sports. And right now, the rights are spoken for by some of our competitors. So I don't think you should expect that you're going to see a big array of new titles in the sports environment for us. But we are ambitious and we are open-minded, and if rights became available, I believe we would be at the front of the line given the quality of our development.
 In terms of NBA in China, look, NBA's beloved in China, and NBA 2K Online in China reflects that. And we think there's a lot of opportunity for growth, particularly in mobile. And as I've said before, I'm of the view, and this has got to be a particularly unpopular view today, that the Chinese market will soften, will open up, will be more congenial to all forms of Western entertainment. And while that won't happen overnight, we're good participants in the market. We have great local partners, including Tencent. We comply with government restrictions. And we think that it is possible that, that market will open up, and we intend to be first in line to the extent that it does. We also would love to see some engagement with regard to the NBA 2K League in China. We think there is some potential opportunity there with Tencent. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: We'd like to thank you all for your interest and for joining the call. And I think it bears repeating that all of these results are a reflection of the work done by some 5,000 people in our organization worldwide, first and foremost, our extraordinary creative folks across all 4 of our label groups. And then, of course, our business folks who distribute and market the products and account for the numbers and provide legal services and keep all the trains running on time. We have an amazing culture here. We have an amazing array of colleagues. We're all aligned. We're all heading in the same direction. We love what we do. We do so with a smile on our faces. And all of us here are so grateful for the work of all of our colleagues around the world, and I hope that comes across.
 I just want to also say if it's not clear from this call, we're immensely optimistic about our prospects for the remainder of this year and for the years ahead. It's a challenge every day, but it's a challenge that we relish. And we're proud of what we've been able to do so far, and we all firmly believe this is just the beginning. So thanks for joining us today. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-05-13 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It is now pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 ended March 31, 2019. 
 Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Take-Two finished a stellar year with strong fourth quarter operating results highlighted by the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto and NBA 2K19 and significant ongoing sales of our blockbuster hit, Red Dead Redemption 2. 
 For the full fiscal year, we generated record net bookings and adjusted operating cash flow, which exceeded our outlook at the start of the year, along with strong earnings growth driven by the record-breaking launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 and the outstanding performance of NBA 2K and better-than-expected results from Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V. 
 Our industry-leading basketball series continues to expand its audience and underscores that NBA 2K has been the perennial favorite among both basketball and pop culture fans for more than a decade. 
 During the fourth quarter, net bookings growth from NBA 2K19 exceeded our expectations driven primarily by strong recurrent consumer spend. So today, NBA 2K19 has sold in more than 9 million units. During the fourth quarter, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew 79% and for the full fiscal year grew 45%. In both periods, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K reached a new record and was the single largest contributor to that part of our business. 
 Over the past year, we've seen a substantial increase in average games played, with NBA 2K19 outperforming its predecessor by over 20%. In addition, during the fourth quarter, daily active users outpaced NBA 2K team by 13%, due largely to a consistent and robust content schedule. 
 We expect that lifetime net bookings for NBA 2K19 will be the highest ever for a 2K sports title driven by record recurrent consumer spending. The NBA 2K brand continues to expand across a myriad of offerings, and we believe there remains a substantial worldwide growth opportunity for the series.
 Turning to Rockstar Games' phenomenal hit, Red Dead Redemption 2, continues to generate significant sales and to date has sold in more than 24 million units worldwide. The title remains tied with Grand Theft Auto V as the highest rated game on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One with a 97 Metacritic score. 
 Furthermore, Red Dead Online is poised for success, and net bookings grew sequentially in the fourth quarter. Rockstar Games continues to update the beta with a wide array of new content as well as gameplay balancing its bug fixes. We expect Red Dead Online to exceed the beta period during the current quarter with significant new content to follow. We're as excited as ever about the long-term opportunity for Red Dead Online. 
 Nearly 6 years after their launch, both Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V continue to be significant contributors to our results. During the fourth quarter, net bookings from Grand Theft Auto Online grew sequentially and exceeded our expectations. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V also outperformed, and the title is now sold in almost 110 million units, cementing further its standing as the must-have title of the current console generation. 
 Throughout fiscal 2019, Rockstar Games supported Grand Theft Auto Online with an array of new content highlighted by the After Hours and Arena War updates. It bears noting that Rockstar's flagship games continue to drive exceptional engagement and results. Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption 2, including our online games, had almost 90 million unique player accounts in fiscal 2019 alone. [ Like ] to date, more than 200 million unique players' accounts have registered in Rockstar Games' Social Club platform as having played these games. Rockstar Games will continue to support both immersive online worlds with innovative content to keep players engaged and drive player growth over time. 
 Our fiscal 2019 results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings, led by WWE 2K and WWE SuperCard, Social Point's mobile games, NBA 2K18 and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. In particular, Civilization VI significantly outperformed our expectations due to the popularity of the Nintendo Switch SKU and the title's expansion packs. 
 Take-Two's core tenets are to be the most creative, innovative and efficient enterprise in the entertainment industry. With respect to the first 2, one of the key drivers of success is our proven ability to sustain long-term engagement with our titles well after their initial launch. As a result, we've generated strong growth from the current consumer spending over the past several years. In fiscal year 2019, recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations, growing 20% to a new record and accounting for 39% of total net bookings. 
 In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. In the free-to-play category, Social Point remains a meaningful contributor to our results through its 2 biggest mobile titles, Dragon City and Monster Legends. 
 During the fourth quarter, our Barcelona-based studio launched Tasty Town, a new game within the popular restaurant category. And just last week, they launched Word Life, which Karl will discuss. Net bookings from Social Point grew sequentially in the fourth quarter. The studio is working hard on its exciting development pipeline, including more than 10 new games, and is focused on driving growth and expanding its audience. 
 Recurrent consumer spending at WWE SuperCard grew 13% net of platform fees. During the past fiscal year, 2K released the fifth season of its popular card battle game and several content updates. WWE SuperCard has now been downloaded more than 19 million times and remains 2K's highest grossing mobile title. 
 And recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K Online in China exceeded our expectations, growing 74% driven by the launch of NBA 2K Online 2 last August. Total combined registered users for NBA 2K Online 2 and its predecessor currently stand at 45 million, and the franchise remains the #1 PC online sports game in China. 
 Asia and China in particular continues to be a significant long-term growth opportunity for our business. In fact, NBA 2K 19 for PlayStation 4 was just approved for release in China. 
 Lastly, add-on content was a meaningful contributor, led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, XCOM 2 and WWE 2K19. 
 During the fourth quarter, Firaxis Games released Sid Meier’s Civilization VI: Gathering Storm, which is the largest and most successful add-on content in the history of the Sid Meier's Civilization series. 
 As we close one of our best years to date and look to the horizon, I'm extremely proud that Take-Two remains the home for our industry's most creative and passionate talent. Their vision and ability to captivate and engage audiences around the world across an array of platforms and offerings both redefined the possibilities of interactive entertainment and forms the foundation for our continued success. This is an incredibly exciting time for our industry with new technologies that enable our teams to advance interactive entertainment, emerging distribution business models that expand our audience and the proliferation of communities that participate in or watch connected play. Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned creatively, strategically and financially to capitalize on its vast opportunities and to continue to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for delivering an incredible year, marked by creative excellence, significant growth in consumer engagement and superb financial results for our organization. 
 It is a well-coordinated effort and an insatiable drive for success across our entire organization to achieve these results. I'm immensely proud of and grateful for our thousands of colleagues around the world that each played a role in our company's outstanding performance. 
 Turning to our recent and upcoming releases. On April 3, to celebrate the announcement of Borderlands 3, 2K and Gearbox Software released the Borderlands: Game of the Year Edition for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Borderlands: Game of the Year Edition features all new ultra-HD visuals, significant gameplay improvements and all 4 originally released add-on packs. 
 Players who previously enjoyed Borderlands can import their saved progress and pick up exactly where they left off, all in stunning HD. Players should also keep an eye out for new loot drops that include rare weapons and Vault Hunter heads. 
 In addition, Gearbox and 2K released the Borderlands Ultra HD Texture Pack that increases the visual fidelity of Borderlands: The Handsome Collection on consoles and provides a visual upgrade for Borderlands 2, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and all the add-ons for both titles on PC. 
 On April 17, 2K and Cat Daddy studios launched NBA 2K Mobile for Android devices. Downloadable for free, NBA 2K Mobile was released for iOS last fall and delivers console-quality graphics and lifelike NBA 2K action on the go. NBA 2K Mobile lets gamers experience their favorite NBA moments, collect player cards to build dream teams and step onto the court in 5-on-5 matchups. 
 On May 9, Social Point launched Word Life, our free latest free-to-play mobile offering for iOS and Android devices. Word Life is an easy-to-play game that is filled with thousands of levels and many innovative game modes. Word Life brings a new dimension to traditional word puzzle games, boasting a multiplayer mode through which players can battle with words and exciting match-offs. 
 On September 13, 2K and Gearbox Software will launch Borderlands 3 globally for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Borderlands 3 is a hilarious story-driven, nonstop galactic thrill ride filled with colorful characters, epic enemies and literally billions of guns. The franchise, which combines the exhilarating action of a first-person shooter with the rich progression and loot systems of a role-playing game, has sold in more than 43 million units worldwide to date. Borderlands 2 has sold in 20 million units to date, and more than 6 years after release, still draws in over 1 million unique monthly users. 
 The 2-day event in Los Angeles on April 30 and May 1, 2K and Gearbox Software hosted more than 600 global media and live streamers at the Borderlands 3 Worldwide Gameplay Reveal. The event resulted in an overwhelmingly positive reception, with media praising the game for its over-the-top action and gameplay, amazing moves, stunning art style, compelling characters and evolved approach to progression. 
 IGN wrote: "Borderlands 3 has not lost its unique sense of style or humor over the last 5 years since The Pre-Sequel. It's funny and silly in a cartoonish sort of way, which is a breath of fresh air in a genre that typically takes itself perhaps a little too seriously." Additionally, Destructoid wrote: "Gearbox amplifying what made Borderlands special a decade ago seems to have molded Borderlands 3 into a game that will be worth playing all these years later."
 During the live stream event of the presentation, Borderlands 3 was the #1 game on Twitch, amassing nearly 12 million unique views and over 1 million hours watched in a single day. 
 Next month at E3 in Los Angeles, Borderlands 3 will have a massive presence at our booth, including a 100-seat demo theater and 100 gameplay stations, showing new content and giving thousands of fans, media and live streamers the opportunity to experience the game firsthand. 
 Also this fall, 2K will launch new installments of our highly successful annual sports franchises with the releases of NBA 2K20 and WWE 2K20. As always, the development teams behind these games are hard at work to deliver our trademark array of exciting new features and innovations that keep players coming back year-after-year. 2K will have more to share about these titles in the coming months.
 Later this calendar year, Private Division will launch 2 new IPs for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC, The Outer Worlds and Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey. Developed by Obsidian Entertainment, The Outer Worlds marks the reunion of Tim Cain and Leonard Boyarsky, the original creators of Fallout, who are introducing an entirely new single player sci-fi RPG experience. The Outer Worlds will be showcased behind closed doors at E3 for select media and influencers, and more details about the game will be revealed over time. 
 Last month, Private Division hosted press event for Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey where attendees got to play the game and meet its creators at Panache Digital Games, including the studio's co-founder, Patrice Désilets, who was the original creative director of Assassin's Creed. The press' initial reaction was extremely positive. According to IGN, Ancestors is an intriguing mixture of raw survival and community shaping that I find fascinating. And Germany's GameStar said, "If Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey is able to maintain the strong atmosphere to the final game over its entire duration, a remarkable journey back to our origins awaits us."
 In addition, Private Division recently announced that Kerbal Space Program: Breaking Ground, the second expansion pack of the PC version of Kerbal Space Program, will launch on May 30. We're pleased to expand our offerings for Kerbal franchise, which has a vibrant and dedicated community. 
 Throughout fiscal year 2020, we will continue to support our titles with innovative post-launch content that drives engagement and recurrent consumer spending, including many more updates for Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online. 
 Turning to eSports. The second season of the NBA 2K League, our joint venture with the NBA, is currently underway with 21 teams participating, up from 17 in season 1. On March 5, the 2019 Draft was held at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. 75 players were selected by the 21 teams, including the first woman ever to be drafted into the league. The 198 players in the draft pool included 22 international players from 9 countries. 
 On April 2, Season 2 kickoff for the roster of new sponsors such as AT&T, Champion Athleticwear, Raynor Gaming and Stance as well as returning brands, including Dell and Intel. In addition, the League announced that YouTube will join Twitch as a live stream partner for all of the games this season, including more than 230 regular seasons, tournaments, playoffs and final games combined. 
 Last week, the League held its second tournament of the season, THE TURN Powered by AT&T at the HyperX Esports Arena in Las Vegas at the Luxor Hotel and Casino, marking the first time games were held outside of New York. 
 We're very excited about the continued progress and growth of the League, which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profit to our company. 
 Take-Two will have an expanded presence at E3 next month. In addition to showing Borderlands 3, we will hold business developments, Investor Relations, media and sales meetings throughout the conference. 
 Looking ahead, we're investing heavily in opportunities to expand our creative teams and grow our scale, increase our presence in mobile, and exploring emerging distribution channels and business models such as streaming and free-to-play. We will continue to focus on delivering the highest quality interactive entertainment and to seek new and innovative ways to enhance players' experience with our games and drive long-term engagement. The execution of the strategy will provide value to our customers and generate growth and profits over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter fiscal 2019 results and then review our financial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2020. 
 Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release. 
 Strauss mentioned we finished an outstanding year with strong fourth quarter operating results. For the full fiscal year, we generated record net bookings and adjusted operating cash flow, which exceeded our outlook at the start of the year, along with strong earnings growth. 
 Starting with the fourth quarter. Total net bookings grew 19% to $488 million as compared to our outlook of $450 million to $500 million. Recurrent consumer spending grew 27% and accounted for 62% of total net bookings as compared to our outlook for 10% growth. Recurrent consumer spending exceeded our outlook, due primarily to the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K. Digitally delivered net bookings grew 26% and accounted for 86% of the total as compared to our outlook of 10% growth. This result exceeded our outlook due to the outperformance of recurrent consumer spending and a higher-than-expected mix of digitally delivered full games out. During the fourth quarter, 57% of sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 44% last year. 
 Turning to some details from our fourth quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue grew to $539 million, and cost of goods sold increased to $259 million. Operating expenses increased by 28% to $222 million, due primarily to higher marketing spend, personnel expense and stock-based compensation. And GAAP net income was $57 million or $0.50 per share as compared to $91 million or $0.77 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. 
 Turning to our fiscal 2019 results. Total net bookings grew 47% to a new record of $2.93 billion. This extraordinary result was driven by the record-breaking launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 coupled with strong growth from NBA 2K. Recurrent consumer spending grew 20% to a new record and accounted for 39% of total net bookings. Digitally delivered net bookings grew 33% to a new record of $1.8 billion and accounted for 62% of the total. During fiscal 2019, 38% of sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 34% last year. 
 Adjusted operating cash flow increased 82% to a new record of $715 million. This metric fell short of our outlook by about $25 million due to the timing of tax payments. 
 During fiscal 2019, we spent $67 million in capital expenditures and deployed $362 million to repurchase 3.7 million shares of our stock, including $100 million to repurchase 1.1 million shares in the fourth quarter. At fiscal year-end, our cash and short-term investments balance was over $1.57 billion. 
 Turning to some details from our fiscal 2019 income statement. GAAP net revenue grew to $2.67 billion, and cost of goods sold increased to $1.5 billion. Operating expenses increased by 24% to $938 million, due primarily to higher marketing, personnel and R&D costs. And GAAP net income increased to $334 million or $2.90 per share. GAAP net income included $107 million tax benefit resulting from the release of certain valuation allowances on the company's deferred tax assets. This had no effect on our management reporting tax rate, which was 20%. 
 Today, we gave a strong initial outlook for fiscal 2020, with operating results currently expected to be lower than fiscal 2019 due to the record-breaking launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 and growing as compared to fiscal 2018. Fiscal 2020 will be a year of significant investment in R&D that should enable us to scale further our long-term release slate.
 Starting with the fiscal first quarter. We project net bookings to range from $310 million to $360 million, up from $288 million in the first quarter last year. This increase is being driven primarily by expected growth from NBA 2K and ongoing sales of Red Dead Redemption 2. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K19, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, the Borderlands franchise and Social Point's mobile offering. 
 We project recurrent consumer spending to grow by more than 20%. This growth is expected to be driven by NBA 2K and Red Dead Online partially offset by lower results from Grand Theft Auto Online. We also expect digitally delivered net bookings to increase by more than 20%. Our forecast assumes that 70% of our current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 53% in the same period last year. 
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $485 million to $535 million and cost of goods sold to range from $165 million to $191 million. 
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $246 million to $256 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 35% increase over last year driven primarily by higher marketing expense and R&D costs. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $74 million to $86 million or $0.65 to $0.75 per share. 
 For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 17% throughout fiscal 2020. This is lower than our prior management reporting tax rate of 20% as a result of completing our analysis of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 as well as incremental R&D tax credits. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We project net bookings to range from $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. We expect Red Dead Online, NBA 2K and WWE 2K to grow, offset by lower results from Red Dead Redemption 2 and Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Borderlands 3, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, The Outer Worlds and WWE 2K. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% 2K, 30% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division, Social Point and other. And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 65% United States and 35% international. 
 We expect the current consumer spending to increase in the low single digits driven primarily by growth from NBA 2K, Borderlands 3 and Red Dead Online partially offset by lower expected results from Grand Theft Auto Online.
 We project digitally delivered net bookings to grow in the low double digits. Our forecast assumes that the 49% of current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up from 38% last year. 
 We expect generate more than $450 million in adjusted operating cash flow, and we plan to deploy approximately $90 million to capital expenditures. This increase is primarily due to spending our new studio and office build-out, network security and IT. 
 We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.24 billion to $1.29 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.06 billion to $1.08 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 14% increase over the prior year driven primarily by higher marketing expense and R&D costs. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $389 million to $480 million or $3.39 to $3.65 per share. 
 In closing, fiscal 2019 was an incredible year for Take-Two. Our ability to deliver consistently the highest quality entertainment experiences that drive mass consumer engagement was reflected in our achievements of a record operating result. We have the strongest development pipeline in our history, including sequels from our biggest franchises along with exciting new IP. 
 In addition, we are actively investing in emerging opportunities, such as Private Division, mobile games, eSports and geographic expansion that have the potential to be enormous drivers of growth. We're extremely well positioned to generate significant growth and margin expansion over the long term. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Jeff. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work and for delivering an outstanding year. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim O'Shea with Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: My question is about how you think about the free-to-play model. You've obviously had great success selling games for full price. I mean I think Strauss mentioned 110 million units of GTA V, 24 million units of Red Dead. But for services like Red Dead Online, it seems like a large audience is key. I'm curious if there's a point where these services could be decoupled from the full-price version of the game, so a player could still purchase Red Dead for $60 but could play Red Dead Online for free? Just love to hear any thoughts on free-to-play. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I think it's a great question. And clearly, when you have the right title like a Fortnite or Apex Legends, free-to-play can be a powerful model. We also have some great free-to-play games, NBA 2K Online in China with 45 million registered users and recurrent consumer spending was up over 70% in the fiscal year. So we've -- and WWE SuperCard has been downloaded over 19 million times, and that's up net of platform fees, I think, 13% in the fiscal year. So we have numerous games here that are free-to-play. Social Point's entire business is a free-to-play business. That said, I don't really see the business transitioning to a free-to-play model, primarily because the hit ratios are so very low. And the hit ratios for our core business are exceedingly high because of our attention to quality, or at least that's what we attribute it to, something like 80-plus percent hit ratios. It's practically unheard of in the entertainment business, broadly. In terms of your broader question, which is could you imagine a situation where in maturity, you decouple one experience from another, I think the answer is we tend to be very flexible about business models over time and we want to be where the consumer is. Those business model decisions, when they -- with regard to a particular title are driven by our labels, although we all are pretty tight-knit group, consult with one another. But you'd want to look to our labels for any updates on how business models might shift. I think the answer is we're open-minded. We want to deliver to the consumer on an ongoing basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I realized you let Rockstar speak for itself related to new content. But just conceptually, could you say if it would make sense to see a content drop of some sort that's coincident with the timing of Red Dead Online coming out of beta? Or should we, I guess, not assume that, that's the case? And then second, industry chatter suggests that next-gen consoles are coming late next year. Do you think about timing of release of titles, at least the non-annual release titles at all, related to the timing of console releases? Or is that just not a consideration relative to your new release schedule? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your questions. Rockstar said that Red Dead Online will be coming out of beta in the current quarter, and there's content to come on an ongoing basis, including when it comes out of beta. So I think we have very high expectations for that title going forward. And I would observe that if you compare how Red Dead Online is doing at this stage of the game in terms of the initial release and the movement into beta, Red Dead Online is performing better than Grand Theft Auto Online did at the same stage of the game. So we have terrific expectations, as does everyone in the company. And of course, the folks at Rockstar feel great about the upcoming content drops. In terms of next-gen consoles, we certainly pay attention to when new hardware offerings are coming, new business model offerings are coming, and that would inform our decision-making around releases. We don't really see the next generation as being particularly disruptive because technology is pretty fluent or we're pretty fluent with technology at this point. So the last time we had a cycle that was challenging, I think, for us and for the industry was not this past one, it was the one before where a couple of companies really landed in trouble. And that historically had been the case for the interactive entertainment business. That didn't happen in this past console shift, and I don't expect it'll happen here. So the answer is, of course, we'll be mindful of the change, but it wouldn't be determinant of what we would do. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Evan Wingren with KeyBanc. 
Evan Wingren: Just wondering if you could provide some context on your Borderlands expectations that you've initially embedded within guidance and perhaps versus the prior game or however you'd like. And second, if you could just remind us how the margins of a license title like that might compare to some of your internally developed titles, that would be helpful. 
Lainie Goldstein: We're not providing sales estimates for Borderlands 3, but it's always our goal to grow sales with each new release from our popular series. Borderlands 2 launched in September 2012, and by the end of October 2012, we announced that we had sold in more than 5 million units. And then on October 29, 2013, a year later, we announced we had sold in more than 7.5 million units. And to date, Borderlands 2 has sold in nearly 20 million units. So for Borderlands 2, we have really high expectations, and we're really excited about the title. In terms of the margins on Borderlands 3 compared to our other titles, it's in line with our internally developed titles. 
Evan Wingren: And just to clarify, is that on an EBIT basis or is that a gross margin basis? Or how would you characterize it? 
Lainie Goldstein: It's on both. It's on both basis. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I have a few. Strauss, can you just talk about your view and willingness to participate in third-party video games subscription products? And then separately, what's your philosophy for developing for streaming products like Google Stadia? It seems like there's a long-term opportunity there to create larger and more powerful games, but it seems like it could still be early days. And I have a quick follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. On subscription services, we're open-minded. We want to be where the consumer is. We also have to be in a place where it makes sense for our creative folks and for our shareholders. So you need to find that intersection in business models that serve the customers successfully and also serve everyone else who participates in the value chain. And that may prove to be a little challenging for subscriptions in this space because I think people will consume -- people do consume video games differently than they consume linear entertainment. Just to put in context, American households consume on average about 5 hours a day of linear programming, about 150 hours a month and about 1.5 hours a day of interactive entertainment, so 45 hours a month. And if you watch 0.5-hour show or 1-hour show or 2-hour movie, you tend to watch it once unless you're a kid, who may watch things multiple times, which implies a whole lot of products consumed in a month. So you could imagine an all-you-could-eat offering or offerings would be appealing to consumers. In the case of video games, it's possible that an average user in those 45 hours might be playing 1, 2, maybe 3 titles, certainly not 70 titles. And so in that event, if you play 1, 2 or 3 titles and you play them for months in a row, which often happens in our world, then a subscription model may not be such a great deal for the customer. So this all remains to be seen. And again, we're open-minded. We want to be where the customer is. But I don't think it's a foregone conclusion that subscription will be as massive for interactive entertainment as it has proven to be for music and motion pictures and television. But we'll see. 
 With regard to streaming technology and what it could mean for us, we're very optimistic about the notion of streaming technology, bringing our titles to consumers who currently don't have access to them. The promise of being able to sign on to a service with virtually no barriers, without a box in between and being able to play our games on any device whatsoever around the world and to do with low latency, well, that's very compelling if that can be delivered. And the folks at Google minimally have said it will be delivered and will be delivered in relatively short order. Conceptually, we want to be where the consumer is and we'll support new entrants. And we are a believer in streaming services. Again, we need to have business models that make sense for us. So far, we're pretty optimistic. 
Michael Ng: Great. And I just had a housekeeping question around RCS. So a 20% growth outlook for the first quarter, low single digits for the year. What can you tell us about the comps in the rest of the year that gets us to low single digits? What's flowing? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, so as we mentioned, Grand Theft Auto Online is going to be lower throughout the year. And we have growth for NBA 2K and for Red Dead Online. And then we'll also have recurrent consumer spending for Borderlands towards the end of the year. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: So you talked about significant increase in R&D cost as you continue to invest in your pipeline. I wondered if you could maybe talk directionally about releases in terms of are we at the point where we might be seeing 2 2K releases a year or a couple private label or private business releases a year and a Rockstar release once every other year? Maybe you can give a little bit of color around that. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. So yes, our R&D expense -- spending is definitely up. And we said it many times before, one of our biggest priorities is building scale in the organization, and we specifically want to do that through organic initiatives. And all of that is reflected on higher R&D. In terms of what you're going to see in the pipeline, it really is all over the entire company. We've got new investments at Social Point, we've got new investments in Private Division. You're already seeing 2 new titles coming out in this coming fiscal year in Private Division. So obviously, the pace is starting to pick up in there. There's also a lot of investment at the 2K level. Michael Condrey is coming onboard. We haven't said much about that game yet because it's very early. But it stands to reason that we're not just investing to invest for years and years and years without actually getting the releases coming out. You will expect to see these investments coming to fruition over the next few years. So I think you will, in fact, see the velocity pick up on this. Exactly what that means, I can't tell you right now, but I can tell you that there's certainly a lot of titles in the pipeline. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Maybe you could start by talking about the company's decision to do a timed exclusive on Epic Games Borderlands 3 and in addition to the Private Division games? And then separately, Lainie, I just want to make sure I'm interpreting your commentary on guidance correctly. You're suggesting that recurrent consumer spending will be up low single digits, GTA Online will be down. Can we assume then that Rockstar online will be down for the fiscal year versus '19? 
Lainie Goldstein: So Rockstar online, the 2 games together will be slightly down over this year, but the plan is for the 2 together to be growing over the long term. 
Andrew Crum: Okay. Got it. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of supporting the Epic Games, look, we think, as I said earlier, more distribution is a good thing. And while it's rare that we'll do exclusives for any period of time, we'll continue to support Steam with our title, with catalog, and these titles will be going to Steam relatively quickly after their initial availability exclusively on the Epic Games store. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few if I could. First, I noticed in the prepared comments when you were talking about investing in mobile, you're using the word mobile and not just Social Point. So beyond the usual non-Social Point stuff like WWE, are you broadening investment in mobile at Rockstar and 2K? And then separately, Strauss, any thoughts on what's going on in Washington as it relates to China trade talks and how that might impact video games? And then, Lainie, 2 for you. Anything in the guidance for new platform for Google -- from Google or for others? And then just to clarify, when you talk about ramping the R&D spent, I'm a little confused on how that works relative to R&D spend being capitalized versus flowing through. Can you help me understand that? 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of mobile strategy, yes, obviously, we are investing in Social Point and new IP and Social Point and also around their existing games. So that is one component of our mobile strategy. We continue to invest outside of Social Point. Obviously, Social Point is a significant part of our strategy going forward, but we have been investing in other parts of the company at Rockstar and at 2K all along. Certainly, with 2K, with WWE SuperCard, the idea is to bring our current franchises into mobile environments. And we really do that by coming up with new games, SuperCard is one example of that; bringing our existing titles on to platforms for those titles that can actually be played on those platforms from a technological perspective; and also, companion apps. We've had a number of titles that have companion offerings that can be played alongside of our main games. So we've been doing that all along, and I think you can expect us to continue to do that and invest towards that. But a huge part of our strategy obviously is Social Point. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And turning to your question about China, without regard to the most recent news about tariffs, we remain very optimistic about the opportunities in China. We obviously have a big title there with NBA 2K Online 2 in China with 45 million registered users. We just received approval for the NBA title in China on PS 4, which is great news. So the approvals have restarted. We've great partner in Tencent. We have other partners there as well. And we think it's a big and growing market. I mean like everyone else, we feel it's important to have an appropriate resolution on trade with China. I think it's right that our government is taking it seriously. I probably won't make any other comments about tactics. It's not really what I do for a living. But I do think it is a serious matter, and for the entertainment business broadly, a very serious matter. Entertainment is America's second largest export after aerospace. So we do think it's important that we have appropriate reciprocal trade policies around the world. And we do believe that those -- the issues that we're currently facing will be sorted out. Can't call the timing, though. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of Google Stadia, as Strauss mentioned, it presents some new and exciting opportunities. And as with all platforms, our development teams are hard at work to maximize our product performance, take advantage of USPs so they'll work outside IP and create unique engagement opportunities through each platform and offering. With that said, we've not formally announced any titles for the platform at this time. And in terms of R&D expense and capitalization, since we have a lot more titles -- projects that we're starting up in our early stages, there'll be more going to the R&D expense versus starting to be capitalized at this time for this year. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: If I could just focus my attention, if you don't mind, on NBA 2K, clearly having a very strong year this year. You've talked about it growing in your guidance for next year. You also mentioned the big opportunity globally for that franchise and talked a little bit about China. I guess, I'd just love to -- relative to the global population of basketball and the NBA in particular, relative to the size of that game for you, how should we think about your pursuit of what seems like a lot of people interested in basketball, not just in Asia, in Europe and other places around the world? And how do you unlock that and what are you -- is it a marketing effort, is it a distribution effort? I'm sure you're on it, would love to hear your thoughts of how you're trying to capture what seems like a big interest in the sport and opportunity for that franchise? 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I agree. I mean the NBA, generally speaking, is just growing leaps and bounds, I guess, pun intended in that regard. And it's really exciting for us. And we like to think that we're part of that because what we do at -- what 2K does with the NBA game is they really are part of the fabric and the culture of that organization and of the fan base. And it's been a very symbiotic relationship between our 2 organizations, and I think we feed off each other and it's been a terrific partnership and it is exciting. When you've got expansion and interest in Europe and in Asia, we try to follow that expansion. And from a marketing perspective, a distribution perspective and also at times from the development perspective, if we think that there's a certain category or certain area or a certain player that resonates in a specific area, then we will try to market towards that player or towards that particular organization, like The European Leagues, et cetera. So there's a lot that we can do, not to mention all the localization work that we do as well. So it is really exciting. It still is a predominantly American -- North American business for us, as you would expect. But our international component is growing, and I think that we've an opportunity to over-index internationally. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Strauss, first on the 24 million units of Red Dead sold, can you tell us anything about how those are converting to online players? Anything on MAUs or how you're seeing the activity levels for those buyers? And then secondly, when you said you're in development for sequels for some of your biggest franchises, just wondering if that includes Rockstar? 
Strauss Zelnick: So we haven't given out statistics, particularly on conversion from people who purchase Red Dead Redemption 2 into Red Dead Online. But we did say that more than 90 million people were engaged with Rockstar Games titles in the last fiscal year, which is nothing short of extraordinary and the progress looks terrific. So our expectations are high, and we feel really good about how things are going. And in terms of our labels being hard at work on ongoing titles, including new IP and sequels, we were talking about everyone who works around here, yes. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge. 
Raymond Stochel: Can you discuss how players have engaged with the role-play mod within Grand Theft Auto Online and how that may have impacted results? If that's something that's monetizable for you all? And then my second question would be, is it fair to say that The Outer Worlds' higher booking expectations within fiscal '20 than WWE since you mentioned it first in your prepared remarks? 
Karl Slatoff: Could you ask your first question just one more time to make sure that we're going to answer it correctly? 
Raymond Stochel: Sure. So we've noticed someone buzz, specifically within Twitch viewership, around sort of a role-playing mod within Grand Theft Auto Online. And I was wondering if that in any way impacted results in GTA Online during the quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't monetize that. What was your -- sorry, your second question? 
Raymond Stochel: Sure. And the second question was whether or not The Outer Worlds had higher booking expectations than WWE since it was mentioned first in prepared remarks? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. In my prepared remarks, the titles are listed in order of contribution, so yes. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ryan Gee with Barclays. 
Ryan Gee: A quick one on NBA and then on Red Dead. So a soccer game from one of your peers is seeing online revenue per payer north of $100 and in-game payer conversion kind of in this 30% to 40% range. And so not sure if you agree that soccer is a good proxy for your NBA business, but assuming that it is, could you comment maybe on how close you guys are to seeing similar levels of monetization and conversion? Because I think it's a really good gauge of how much runway that franchise has left to grow for you guys? And then real quick on Red Dead. Rockstar, for the last 3 games, they've had a PC version out of each one of them, albeit at a later date. So are you guys reserving the right to launch Red Dead 2 on PC maybe later in fiscal '20? 
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of comparing ourselves to other games in the sport business, specifically to soccer, we don't really give out those kind of -- that kind of data, that kind of comparison. But I can tell you this is that we believe we have a lot of room there to go in terms of our specific opportunity around NBA 2K and our recurrent consumer spending model. And it's important to note that our recurrent consumer spending model is also pretty broad. It's not just one specific thing. It's not just card battle, for example. And there's other things as well. And we do believe that, that broad monetization strategy gives us a lot of upside in the future. But in terms of comparing ourselves to FIFA, for example, we just haven't done that. 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of upcoming releases, we do let our labels talk about what's coming next. We leave those announcements to them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: Just 2. First one, NBA 2K, you've had a lot of success driving the in-game monetization. Was wondering could you just give us a couple of examples of different types of content drops, different types of experiences that the team has found that have been particularly helpful in driving that business? Where is the team really succeeding? And then the second one, I think you mentioned -- Karl, I think you said 10 new games in development on the mobile side or maybe from just one of the mobile businesses or the mobile side. Just talk to us a little bit about how you think about the types of mobile genres that you think are sort of -- fit best in the portfolio? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, the reference of the 10 games was to Social Point specifically. So that's what that was referring to. So there is a broad pipeline there and a lot of games that are coming out to release. In terms of recurrent consumer spending model around NBA, it does monetize -- there are a lot of things that you can do to draw content. The most important -- to drive engagement. And the most important thing is that you want the players engaged. If people are engaged and they're engaged with the game, then the monetization takes care of itself. And whether that's buying cosmetics or training modes for the Road to 99 or something around one-on-one matchups, it's pretty, it's well diverse or the car battles, all of these things monetize well. They monetize differently, but that's not really the point. I think the point is as long as people are playing the games, and our philosophy is we want them to play the entire game, not just one mode, though specifically that may happen to monetize better than another mode. That's -- our focus, though, is to have people play as much of the game as they possibly can, and we worry about the monetization piece later. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Ross with BTIG. 
Brandon Ross: First, how do you think the lag between the release of RDR 2 and Red Dead Online coming out of beta will affect the success of the online mode in the world wherein now -- do your titles need to have a strong backlog of new content ready to go before they launch? And then I think you spoke to growth in marketing expenditure. Curious why this would be the case when you're comping against RDR 2 in -- from fiscal 2019? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think your question was regarding the initial launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 and then the beta of Red Dead Online and then ultimately coming out of beta and how that timing looks. And answer is we think it looks just fine. There'll be marketing around the coming out of beta. There'll be marketing around the new content. And as I said earlier, if you compare it to how Grand Theft Auto Online developed, we're ahead of where we were with that title, and that's turned out to be a great success. So we feel really good about it. Your second question was, are we putting together a backlog of content to release later after an initial release. And the answer is, sometimes we do, often we don't. It depends on the title and nature of the content and which label it's coming from. So it all depends. But generally speaking, when we put out a title initially, we are putting out the full release. That is a well thought out, complete, entire start-to-finish title. We're not holding something back in hopes of monetizing it later in a different way. We're driven by delivering the best experiences known to men. And Karl said this earlier, we believe if we focus on engaging the consumer and giving them way, way, way more than they expected and way more value than they paid for, then good things will follow, including monetization. 
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the marketing expense, we have a greater number of titles releasing this year, which is why the marketing expense is higher. So even with Red Dead Redemption marketing coming down from last year, we have marketing for Borderlands 3, Outer Worlds, Ancestors, I've got marketing for Red Dead Online, NBA and WWE. So that's why marketing expense is higher this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Congrats on the quarter, guys. Just, I guess, first, Strauss, you made some comments that RDR Online is performing better than GT Online in a similar time period. Just hopefully, you could maybe expand on that tidbit for us. And I was also curious if you played the planned content for RDR Online. Any impressions maybe that you had on how you expect it will monetize out of beta versus GTA Online. Obviously, you have a lower player base. It appears it will monetize at the same level. And I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I was referring to the nature of the engagement and where we are technically in the process. Obviously, we have vastly more experienced today than we did when we launched Grand Theft Auto Online and much more sophisticated infrastructure. So that's what I was really referring to. And on the rest, we don't have any specific information to give. We're very enthusiastic and optimistic. And the next thing we'll be talking about is how it's doing. 
Michael Hickey: All right. Last question from me. On your announced fiscal '20 pipeline, is this your full slate as it relates to your guidance? Or should we -- or could we expect another major release or platform expansion coming over the coming quarters? And then on RDR Online, should we expect a similar cadence of content as what we've seen for Grand Theft Auto Online? And then for Grand Theft Auto Online, in fiscal '20, should we kind of expect the same again cadence of content that we've seen from that online experience historically? 
Strauss Zelnick: So just on the content side, there is more to come for -- obviously for Red Dead Online and for Grand Theft Auto Online. And now Rockstar will make those announcements in the fullness of time, but there is more to come for both, and we feel very good about it. We do have titles coming in the fiscal year that have not been announced yet. They are part of our guidance, however. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrigan with Buckingham Research Group. 
Matthew Harrigan: I have a couple, I guess, abstruse questions. People over Europe are concerned about the implications for Twitch off Article 13, and I guess, rechristened 17 on copyrights for the Internet. Do you see any second order effects for the video game industry that would affect you over there? And then secondly, would you have any further comment on Senator Josh Hawley's proposal, him particularly being Republican, that would seem to raise a risk? I know you're much less dependent on loot boxes than some of your peers. But just, I guess, in relation to those 2 questions and to your general posture on regulatory developments, both stateside and overseas? 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, just in terms of Article 17, we haven't heard that it reflects on the video game space at all. So as far as we know, there's no impact whatsoever. On the loot boxes question, just to put in context, that mechanic is responsible for less than 3% of our net bookings in the past fiscal year, so it's not material to us. We have used the mechanic in the past. So it is something we've seen and we think it's just fine. There has been some noise around it, particularly internationally. As I said, we think it's a perfectly reasonable mechanic; however, it forms a very small part of our business. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. So I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional concluding comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I just wanted to say thank you very much for joining us today. We're proud of the year that just finished. We are incredibly optimistic about the year to come. We have a great lineup and wonderful titles in development, and all that's driven by a phenomenal creative and business team, nearly 5,000 people strong all around the world, and those are the people that we want to thank. We're grateful to all of our colleagues for these terrific results. Thank you so much for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Again, we thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive Software Third Quarter Fiscal Year '19 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I'd now like to turn the conference over to Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of IR and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Mr. Diamond. 
Henry Diamond: Good morning. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2019 ended December 31, 2018. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank, Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that, during the third quarter, Take-Two delivered better-than-expected results driven primarily by the record-breaking launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 as well as the strong performance of NBA 2K19. We generated significant cash flow and ended the period with $1.6 billion in cash and short-term investments after deploying $109 million to repurchase 1 million shares of our stock.
 On October 26, Rockstar Games launched Red Dead Redemption 2, which set numerous records, including achieving the biggest opening weekend in the history of entertainment with over $725 million in sell-through during its first 3 days. In fact, Red Dead Redemption 2 sold-in more units in its first 8 days than its predecessor sold in its first 8 years. The title has exceeded our expectations, and to-date, has sold-in over 23 million units worldwide.
 According to the NPD Group, based on combined physical and digital sales in the U.S., Red Dead Redemption 2 was the best-selling video game of 2018. A testament to Rockstar Games' unparalleled ability to create the highest quality entertainment experiences, Red Dead Redemption 2 received near-perfect critical reviews and multiple Game of the Year awards. The title is tied with Grand Theft Auto V as the highest rated title on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One with a 97 Metacritic score.
 In late November, Rockstar Games launched the Red Dead Online beta, a new multiplayer experience set against the backdrop of Red Dead Redemption 2's enormous and vibrant open world. Free with the purchase of Red Dead Redemption 2, the Red Dead Online beta is an evolution of the classic multiplayer experience in the original Red Dead Redemption, blending narrative with competitive and cooperative gameplay in fun new ways. 
 Rockstar Games continues to refine the vast world of Red Dead Online and will deliver ongoing updates to grow and evolve this experience. I'd like to congratulate the entire team at Rockstar Games for the phenomenal, critical and commercial success of Red Dead Redemption 2.
 Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V remain significant contributors to our results more than 5 years after their launch. During the third quarter, Rockstar Games supported Grand Theft Auto Online with the Arena War update as well as Festive Surprise 2018, Halloween-themed content and more.
 During December, combined monthly active users across Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online took Rockstar to a new record. Rockstar Games will continue to support both products with innovative new content in order to drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending. We're very excited for the future of these 2 highly robust ongoing living game worlds.
 Turning to our industry-leading basketball simulation. NBA 2K19 exceeded our expectations in the third quarter, driven primarily by strong growth and recurrent consumer spending. Sales of the game also surpassed our outlook. We now expect lifetime unit sales of NBA 2K19 to be slightly up over the prior year's release. 
 According to the NPD Group, based on combined physical and digital sales in the U.S., NBA 2K19 was the best-selling sports title in 2018 and the third best-selling game overall. In addition, 2018 marks the third consecutive year that an NBA 2K title was the best-selling sports game of the year.
 An important part of NBA 2K19's success has been the increasing engagement over the prior year's release. NBA 2K19 has generated more than 50% growth in online multiplayer games per day, and both daily active users and the number of games that they play have also increased meaningfully. We've also seen significant increases in engagement with the MyTeam mode for NBA 2K19 with daily average users up 28% and games played up 46%. 
 On average, nearly 12 million games of NBA 2K19 have been played daily, which reflects the many enhancements the 2K and Visual Concepts introduced this year. As a result of this strong engagement, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew 39% in the third quarter to a new record and was the largest single contributor to recurrent consumer spending in the period. We expect the net bookings from NBA 2K19, including recurrent consumer spending, will be the highest ever for a 2K sports title.
 On January 15, 2K announced a significant multiyear partnership expansion with the NBA and the players association. The NBA has been an outstanding partner, and we're thrilled to be in business with Adam Silver and Michele Roberts and their teams, and we're very pleased with the terms of our partnership expansion, which enables NBA 2K to continue to grow and be highly profitable, both for Take-Two and the NBA. We have a broad range of basketball offerings across console, PC, mobile, online in China and eSports. And I'm confident that we'll continue to find new and innovative ways to captivate and engage fans and expand further the success of the NBA 2K brand.
 In early October, 2K launched WWE 2K19, the latest installment in our popular sports entertainment series. Developed collaboratively by Yuke's and Visual Concepts, the title received improved reviews and has been supported with a series of downloadable content, including the Season Pass. The WWE brand continues to expand worldwide, and we believe there remains a substantial long-term opportunity to grow our WWE 2K series by leveraging further the development expertise of 2K and Visual Concepts.
 Our third quarter results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings, led by Social Point's mobile games; Sid Meier's Civilization VI for the Nintendo Switch, which significantly exceeded our expectations; and WWE SuperCard.
 At Take-Two, our goal is to serve our audiences by delivering the highest quality entertainment that exceeds expectations in terms of the value they receive from both the money and time that they spend on our products. If we deliver on that goal consistently, we'll engage our customers and drive returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 A hallmark of our approach is finding new and exciting ways to drive engagement through creativity and innovation. The execution of this philosophy results in our audiences remaining immersed in our titles well after their initial launch and has been a key driver of our ongoing success. This is reflected in the strong growth in engagement and recurrent consumer spending on our titles over the past several years.
 During the third quarter, recurrent consumer spending exceeded expectations, growing 31% to a new record and accounting for 22% of total net bookings. The biggest contributors to this outperformance were strong sales of the Red Dead Redemption 2 special edition and ultimate edition, which included additional content that is allocated to recurrent consumer spending, along with robust growth in recurrent consumer spending at NBA 2K.
 In addition, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. In the free-to-play category, Social Point once again was a significant contributor to our results through its 2 biggest mobile titles: Dragon City and Monster Legends. During the third quarter, combined net bookings from these titles grew sequentially.
 Recurrent consumer spending on WWE SuperCard grew double digits net of platform fees, and 2K released the fifth season of its popular card battle game and several content updates. WWE SuperCard has now been downloaded nearly 18.5 million times, and it's 2K's highest grossing mobile title.
 And net bookings from NBA 2K Online in China more than doubled, driven by the launch of NBA 2K Online 2 in August. Total combined registered users for NBA 2K Online 2 and its predecessor currently stands 43 million, and the franchise remains the #1 PC online sports game in China.
 Asia remains a significant long-term growth opportunity for our business. We're very encouraged by recent developments in China. Add-on content grew 9%, led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, WWE 2K19, and XCOM 2. 
 As a result of our strong performance in the third quarter, we're increasing our outlook for fiscal 2019. Our long-term success has been the result of our creative team's ability to connect deeply with audiences across a myriad of platforms and offerings. As our industry continues to embrace new technologies that enhance consumers' experience with and access to interactive entertainment, we remain focused on broadening the reach of our content and expanding further globally. Take-Two is at better position than ever creatively, strategically and financially to capitalize on the vast opportunities that will shape the future of our business and our industry.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll begin by discussing our recent and upcoming releases for the balance of fiscal 2019. On January 31, Social Point launched Tasty Town, our latest free-to-play mobile offering for iOS and Android devices. This all-new game enables players to fulfill their culinary dreams of designing and managing their own restaurant. In Tasty Town, players embark on an incredible journey, from farm to table, to build their gastronomic empire, including experiencing the joy of growing their own ingredients, hiring the best chefs, creating delectable dishes, creating and managing their own restaurant, and racing against the clock to serve meals with their food truck. In addition to Tasty Town, Social Point is focused on its robust pipeline of other exciting new games in development.
 On February 14, 2K and Firaxis Games will release Sid Meier's Civilization VI: Gathering Storm, the second expansion pack for the critically acclaimed and award-winning PC strategy game. Gathering Storm, the largest civilization expansion that Firaxis has ever created for any civilization game, will allow fans to explore and master the franchise's rich and strategic gameplay in all new ways. Gathering Storm also adds 9 new leaders from 8 new civilizations, a new diplomatic victory condition, and a variety of new units, districts, wonders, buildings and more.
 This spring, 2K and Cat Daddy studios will bring NBA 2K mobile to Android devices. Downloadable for free, NBA 2K mobile was released for iOS on November 19 and delivers console-quality graphics and lifelike NBA action on the go like never before. NBA 2K mobile lets gamers experience their favorite NBA movements, collect player cards to build dream teams and step onto the court in 5-on-5 matchups, including season play and a variety of game modes. The team at Cat Daddy studios strived to match the quality bar set by our industry-leading basketball series, and we are excited to deliver this rich mobile experience to basketball fans around the world.
 Rockstar Games will continue to release an array of new content for both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online. Given Rockstar Games' unique ability to keep consumers engaged by delivering innovative content and exciting new modes of play, we believe Red Dead Online is positioned to deliver continued growth in player engagement over both the short and long term.
 Turning to eSports, preparations are underway for the second season of the NBA 2K League that will kick off this spring. Last month, qualifying rounds began with more than 7,000 players across North America and Europe vying for a spot in the combine and draft. 
 This past weekend, in a league first, an Asia Pacific tournament was held in Hong Kong to identify 5 elite players from the region who will be eligible for the 2019 draft coming soon. With 21 teams competing in the season, we're very excited about the continued progress and growth of the league, which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a meaningful driver of profits for our company.
 Now I'd like to discuss our fiscal 2020 pipeline. At The Game Awards in December, Private Division announced The Outer Worlds, an upcoming new IP from Obsidian Entertainment that is coming to PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The Outer Worlds marks the reunion of Tim Cain and Leonard Boyarsky, the original creators of Fallout, for this new single-player sci-fi RPG from the renowned team behind Fallout: New Vegas, Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II, South Park: The Stick of Truth, and the Pillars of Eternity franchise. The announcement trailer for The Outer Worlds have tallied more than 12.6 million views, and the game is featured on this month's cover of Game Informer magazine.
 Also at The Game Awards, Private Division announced that Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey will launch digitally on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in calendar 2019. Following The Game Awards, Private Division partnered with GameSpot to debut the first 25 minutes of the game, which has been viewed more than 2.4 million times on GameSpot's YouTube channel. Ancestors is being developed by Panache Digital Games, an independent studio of 35 talented developers in Montreal, cofounded by Patrice Désilets, original creative director of Assassin's Creed.
 In addition, Private Division will continue to release updates for new content for the Kerbal Space Program Enhanced Edition for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 as well as for the PC version. Going forward, Private Division will seek to add to its already impressive roster of development partners throughout the world, and we look forward to its future announcements.
 In addition, the unannounced title from one of 2K's biggest and most beloved franchise remains on track for launch during fiscal 2020. 2K will have more to share in the coming months.
 In furtherance of our goal to expand our development capabilities across our labels, on Monday, 2K announced the formation of a new development studio based in Silicon Valley. Industry veteran Michael Condrey will serve as President of this yet to be officially named new studio. Michael is best known for cofounding Sledgehammer Games and leading development for the Call of Duty franchise, including Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3. 
 Michael also served as Chief Operating Officer and Director at Visceral Games, where he played an integral role in establishing the popular Dead Space franchise. We are very pleased that Michael has joined our team to lead development on a new unannounced project. We are confident that Michael's creative, production and leadership expertise will help position 2K for future success.
 Looking ahead, our labels had a strong development pipeline, which includes titles from our renowned franchises and groundbreaking new intellectual properties. We will continue to support virtually all of our titles with additional content designed to enhance players' gameplay experience and drive engagement.
 This is an incredibly exciting time for our company and industry. The promise of new technology, more powerful platforms and emerging distribution in business models, such as streaming and subscription services, all have the potential to enhance our growth rate and provide incremental margin expansion opportunities.
 We remain highly enthusiastic about our future and believe that, with our industry-leading creative assets and commitment to innovation, we are well positioned to capitalize on the many positive trends in our industry and to provide value to our customers and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our third quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release.
 As Strauss mentioned, our business delivered better-than-expected results in the third quarter. Total net bookings grew 140% to $1.57 billion, a new quarterly record and exceeded our outlook range of $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion due primarily to the outperformance of Red Dead Redemption 2 and NBA 2K19. 
 Digitally delivered net bookings also exceeded our forecast, growing 85% to a new quarterly record of $704 million and accounted for 45% of the total. During the third quarter, 31% of our sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally, up from 26% last year.
 Turning to some details from our third quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue increased to $1.25 billion and cost of goods sold increased to $898 million. Operating expenses increased by 46% to $299 million due primarily to higher marketing spend. And GAAP net income was $180 million or $1.57 per share, up from $25 million or $0.21 per share in the prior year period.
 Net income included $109 million tax benefit resulting from the release of certain valuation allowances on the company's deferred tax assets. Without the release of these valuation allowances, the GAAP tax benefit would have been $11 million. This had no effect on our management reporting tax rate, which is 20%.
 Our strong performance converted into significant cash flow. During the 9 months ended December 31, non-GAAP adjusted operating cash flow grew 188% to $587 million. During that same period, we deployed $262 million to repurchase 2.6 million shares of Take-Two stock. And as of December 31, we have $1.6 billion in cash and short-term investment.
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2019 outlook, starting with the fiscal fourth quarter. We expect net bookings to range from $450 million to $500 million, up from $411 million in the fourth quarter last year. The increase has been driven primarily by ongoing sales of Red Dead Redemption 2, recurrent consumer spending on Red Dead Online and growth from NBA 2K, partially offset by lower results, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K19, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Social Point's mobile offerings and WWE 2K.
 We expect both recurrent consumer spending and digitally delivered net bookings to increase by around 10% each. Our forecast assumes that 44% of our current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $530 million to $580 million, and cost of goods sold to range from $248 million to $274 million.
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $205 million to $215 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 21% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher marketing expense. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $76 million to $89 million or $0.67 to $0.77 per share.
 Turning to fiscal 2019. We are increasing our outlook primarily as a result of our stronger-than-expected third quarter results, partially offset by the following factors. We believe that some of the forecasted sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 were accelerated into the third quarter. We've adjusted our fourth quarter expectations accordingly. Even with this adjustment, we expect fiscal 2019 sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 to be significantly higher than our forecast prior to launch.
 We expect new content releases for Red Dead Online to accelerate in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. And therefore, we are shifting some of our net bookings expectations for the title into that period. And we have increased our marketing spend forecast for the fourth quarter.
 We are increasing our net bookings range from $2.89 billion to $2.94 billion from our prior outlook of $2.8 million to $2.9 million (sic) [ $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. ] At the midpoint, this represents a 46% increase over fiscal 2018, driven primarily by the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 and expected growth from NBA 2K, which we forecast to be partially offset by lower results from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, WWE 2K and Social Point's mobile offerings.
 Expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% Rockstar Games, 35% 2K and 5% Social Point and other. And we forecast a geographic net bookings split to be about 55% United States and 45% International. We are increasing our recurrent consumer spending outlook to growth in the mid-teen, and we are maintaining our 30% growth outlook for digitally delivered net bookings.
 We forecast that 37% of our current generation console games will be delivered digitally up from 34% last year. We expect to generate approximately $740 million in adjusted operating cash flow, up $10 million from our prior outlook, and we plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditures.
 We've increased our GAAP net revenue outlook to range from $2.66 billion to $2.71 billion, and we expect cost of goods sold to range from $1.51 billion to $1.54 billion. Total operating expenses are forecasted to range from $921 million to $931 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 22% increase over the prior year, driven primarily by higher marketing, personnel, IT and R&D expenses. And we have increased our GAAP net income forecast to a range from $354 million to $367 million or $3.07 to $3.18 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 20%.
 In closing, Take-Two is on pace to deliver one of its best years ever, highlighted by record operating results. Looking ahead with our world-class creative teams focus on operational excellence and strong financial foundation, our company is exceptionally well positioned to deliver growth and margin expansion for our shareholders over the long term.
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work in delivering another successful quarter. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support.
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Ryan Gee with Barclays. 
Ryan Gee: I guess, first on recurrent consumer spend, it grew 31% in the quarter versus your guidance for flat, so clearly several products outperformed, and your GTA Online and NBA 2K amongst them. So can you talk about the deceleration in 4Q? I know you mentioned Red Dead Online a little bit of that shifting to fiscal '20. But I'm curious why you wouldn't come out maybe a little bit more optimistic around that business, given how well it performed? And then second, if I may, I believe you said Red Dead sold-in 23 million units, and that's probably as of today. So with roughly 2 months left in the quarter, what should we expect in terms of reorder demand? Or how is the channel looking at this point? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for recurrent consumer spend in Q3, the outperformance was driven by the strong sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 special and ultimate editions, which includes additional content that was allocated to recurrent consumer spending as well as growth from NBA 2K's virtual currency. In terms of Q4, we still expect NBA 2K to continue to grow, and that's being offset by lower GTA Online sales that we've talked about being lower this year, and it was lower in Q3 and in Q4. Now for Red Dead Redemption, we still have strong sales and strong demand for the title. The 23 million units in Q3 was higher than what we expected. And based on that, we accordingly adjusted Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim O'Shea with Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: My question is just about business models, especially free-to-play, EA just launched Titanfall, Apex Legends. It's the same free model that Fortnite uses. And I'm just curious if you could help us understand how full price games can perform in an environment where AAA content is being given away for free? And as you look at your portfolio, what do you think is the right mix of business models going forward in terms of subscription and free-to-play, full price, et cetera? Just love to get an updated -- hear your updated thoughts on that? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I appreciate it. Look, just in terms of our console title being made available free-to-play, remember that Fortnite came about in a roundabout way. It was originally developed as a AAA game. And the free-to-play version that became such a huge hit and continues to perform well was actually originally a mode and then was developed into what it is now. I think that's sort of a stand-alone experience. I think it's hard to replicate, and it would probably be ill-advised to try to replicate it. The truth is that what you deliver an amazing AAA experience, consumers show up for it, and you've seen that with us over and over again, and you see it in these results with the extraordinary results of Red Dead Redemption 2, the continuing amazing result of Grand Theft Auto V and these results of our catalog, which sell pound-for-pound better than anyone else's catalog, which I say units sold per SKU. We're the best in the business or, more recently, NBA 2K19. So what we found is you give consumers what they want, and that's often reflected in reviews and Metacritic scores. Red Dead Redemption 2 tied Grand Theft Auto V with a 97 score. They'll show up and they show up in quantity. So I'm not worried at all about someone else establishing a free-to-play approach as long as our quality continues to be stellar, and that's a very big as-long-as. That's what we have to execute against every day. Consumers aren't actually super price-sensitive where entertainment is concerned. Or said another way, if we put out something that people don't want, you can kind of price it whatever price you want, they're not going to show up for it. I wish it were different, but it's not like selling groceries or commodities. And when you give someone something that's phenomenal, it's our job to deliver vastly more value than what we charge, but price sensitivity declines. So I think this is all about quality. That's our approach, and that's why we're delivering these extraordinary results. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I have 3 questions: one for Strauss, one for Karl and one for Lainie. First, Strauss, I was just wondering if you can comment on the new development CEO in Silicon Valley? Is there a rule of thumb in terms of how long it takes for a studio like that to ramp up? And when could we start seeing content coming out of that studio? And then for Karl, I was just wondering if you could comment on the promotional environment during the holiday. Was Red Dead more promoted than expected in the quarter? And then lastly, for Lainie, I think the previous full year RCS growth was for low teens. And based on the expectation for flat this quarter, I think, that would have implied over 30% growth for the March quarter. Could you just talk about what changed from then to the updated view of 10% growth this quarter? 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, this is Karl. I'll like the first question. So we are very excited to bring Michael Condrey onboard for us. I mean, he really follows our pattern of trying to attract and retain and develop the best content -- the best talent in the industry. That's obviously something that's a very important part of our strategy. And we've been able to do that to-date, and it's not by accident. So Michael joining us is, in my opinion, one of our best hires in a very long time. And we're really excited what he's going to do with the new studio. In terms of timetable, we're not talking about timetables. And frankly, every studio is different and every game is different. So it wouldn't really help much anyway if I said something now because it won't end up being that way. But just rest assured that, this is something that's very exciting for 2K and for our company. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, on the second question, look, Red Dead is flying off the shelves. We sold in over 23 million units. It's performing vastly better than our expectations. It's continuing to sell. It's a massive hit. We definitely have marketed the title. But if by promoted, you mean, discounted, we did not step in and have to price promote the title. The title is, generally speaking, being sold at full price. 
Lainie Goldstein: And for the Q4, on recurrent consumer spending, as I mentioned previously, we look Red Dead Online, we expect their new content releases to accelerate into the first quarter, so we shifted some of the net bookings expectation for Red Dead Online into that period. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: A couple on Red Dead. First, congrats on the great launch. When you look at sales since launch and the first couple weeks, how have they trended versus other Rockstar titles? And I'm really trying to get at the reorder potential next year. And then online with Red Dead, are you seeing incremental players to GTA? You mentioned in your prepared remarks the total high has grown as far as number of players. Can you maybe give more color on that? And how do you feel about the online potential as you look at 2020 as part of recurrent spend for the title based on the users you're seeing today? 
Strauss Zelnick: So we wouldn't really compare Red Dead to the last release, which is Grand Theft Auto. Grand Theft Auto stands alone. It is the most important product in entertainment history, the highest-grossing product in entertainment history, and it's just phenomenal. Red Dead Redemption 2 is also phenomenal in its own way and the sales have vastly exceeded our expectations. But I don't think we'd learn much by tracking those sales to -- sales of any other release. Our expectations remain exceedingly high. Consumers are highly engaged. Titles continuing to sell actively. In terms of online -- and I'm sorry, in terms of the outlook, this is, again, vastly exceeding our expectations, and we expect it to continue. Of course, that's very hard to call. And that'd be driven by the customers, but we feel great about it. In terms of online players that we've seen so far, remember Red Dead Online is in beta. It's really early days. It seems to be developing incredibly well for early days, but it is early days. We have no reason to believe that the overlap between Grand Theft Auto Online players and Red Dead Online players is necessarily substantial, certainly nothing approaching 100%, which is implied in your question. So the answer is absolutely, there are plenty of new players, and we expect that to continue as well. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, in December, Rockstar Games had the highest level of monthly active users ever had between Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online. So I think that tells you just how powerful this offering is. Look, stay tuned because the title comes out of beta, obviously. We got a lot of content to come, and we expect to pick up activity with content drops and then naturally monetization should follow accordingly in fiscal 2020. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brandon Ross with BTIG. 
Brandon Ross: Just a follow-up on Red Dead Online. I mean, obviously, as you keep saying, it's still in beta. Can you talk about what you're seeing in the beta? What changes need to be made before you really launch the online game and how you compare the player behavior to GTA so far? And then I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, thanks. Look, Rockstar is going to talk about that in more detail. But I think as you'd expect, what's great about being in beta is you get feedback from your consumer and you're able to make improvements. And we've made no bones about the fact that this is a work in progress. Grand Theft Auto Online was a work in progress. We listen to the market. We listen to consumers. And we develop a great offering. One of the most exciting things about the way our business has evolved from what it was 5, 6 years ago, you work really hard. You make a title. You launch the title. And you get great results, good results, bad results, but you're done. There's very little you can do. In an online environment, we can engage with the consumer, and we can get better and better and better. And you've seen the effects of that with Grand Theft Auto Online. Five years after its initial launch, it continues to show enormous engagement, and therefore, it also delivers net bookings to us and drives profitability. So we have high hopes and expectations for Red Dead Online. It's super early to say that, and more details will be forthcoming from the label. 
Brandon Ross: Okay. And then just bigger-picture industry question. We've seen some focus from the tech giants lately. Amazon, Google, obviously, a lot more from Microsoft on video game streaming and subscription. How do you expect their focus to affect content creators and publishers like yourself? And do you expect that they will look to acquire content? 
Strauss Zelnick: So remember, streaming is a distribution technology. Subscription is a business model but completely different animals. We can have a subscription program right now. You could do with physical discs. That's, after all, how Netflix started with physical discs. So there is nothing magical about new technology with regard to a subscription business model. Will that business model develop? It will develop if it's really good for consumers and it's really good for people who create product. That -- it has to be good for both. And remember, people consume video games differently than they consume linear programming. So the average American household consumes about 5 hours of linear programming, what we used to call television programming, but through all sources a day, about 150 hours a month. And currently, they consume about 1 hour and 20 minutes of interactive entertainment programming a day. So about 45 hours a month. Very big difference. And of course, the biggest differences with regard to linear programming, you're very unlikely to watch something twice. So in a given month, at 5 hours a day, you could be watching 75, 100 or, depending on the length, maybe more than that different products. In the case of the video game business, people may play the same title for the entire month. Maybe they play 2 or 3 titles, but they're not engaging with 75 or 100 titles. So you have to ask yourself whether a subscription model really applies to a video game consumer versus the possibility of engaging with a free-to-play title and paying as you go or engaging with a title for which you pay, for example, like NBA 2K19, where you pay a meaningful price in the U.S. about $60 at retail, a little bit more outside of the U.S., but you might play that game for a year. And we have people stay engaged for a year. And it's a terrific deal if you stay engaged for that. So jury's out on subscription models, but I would observe our strategy is to be where the consumer is. So subscription models do make sense. It could be an opportunity for us, but they need to make sense for everyone involved. Let's turn to streaming technology. Streaming technology should be an opportunity to bring interactive entertainment with virtually no friction to all devices in the world. Are there barriers to that? Yes, there are enormous technical barriers because you have to actually do that with low latency in a multiplayer environment, so that if Lainie is sitting here in New York and she is on a Dell Computer and I'm in London on my iPad, we have to be able to play together, and we have to be able to play together without reducing the quality of the gaming experience. Is that doable? Technically, I believe, it will become doable. Currently, it is not doable. How many companies can actually deliver such an experience? Well, you need to have hyperscale data centers all around the world. Who has that? Google has that. Facebook has that. Amazon has that. Microsoft has that. Very few other people have it or are going to have it. That gives you a sense of who can be a player in streaming. What will a streaming model look like? Remains to be seen. My guess is it will look a lot like providing Internet access over cable. Everyone here is a cable customer, if you have Internet access at home. I believe that, ultimately, if you want to get streamed video games, you're going to be a customer of someone who provides streaming. But in order for you to play those games, you have to interact with us, and that business model has to appeal to us. There are those who believe by making available our video games to a broad audience that we will automatically increase the size of our market accordingly. I wish I could take that position. I'm not sure I can, but I would observe any time you broaden distribution, it's a good thing for a provider of the products. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: I'm trying to think about how we should think about your commentary related to Red Dead Online and whether the shift in bookings is more related to a content drop or more related to your expectations for Red Dead Online overall and how that's tracking? And then I would like any commentary if possible on if the recent content drops for GTA Online overall were better or worse than your expectations? And then overall, whether or not this content drop was actually meant to be a little bit smaller year-over-year when we take a look at it versus the Doomsday Heist? It seems as if it's a little bit less content, but we'd love any opinion on your end? 
Strauss Zelnick: So first of all, Red Dead Online early days is going great. Our expectations for what will happen in 2020 are driven by enhanced content drops. We feel terrific about it. It is, however, early days. In terms of how GTA Online is doing, it's performing in line with our expectations. The only difference this year versus prior years is we've had expectations the title would moderate in prior years, and we were pleasantly surprised with the upside. We're still incredibly pleasantly surprised because GTA Online continues to perform so well. It is, however, moderating in accordance with our expectations. So I would say things are going certainly as good and, in most incidences, it's better than expected. In the case of the most recent content drops for GTA Online, that's going at least as well as expected. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: I have 2. Just to ask sort of a broader-picture question, Strauss, about sort of the pipeline of the overall company and how you think about the potential of the sort of increase the breadth of the number of titles you put out and even maybe increase the cadence of content coming out of Rockstar, given the headcount you have, curious to see -- how you think about the next few years from a pipeline perspective. And then Lainie, I'd just -- a lot of questions of investors and shareholders just kind of really trying to fully understand the bookings shift. So I know -- as previously mentioned, how you imply 25%-plus RCS growth before. Now it's around 10%. Are there any other moving pieces there other than the Red Dead shift? Or is that the right way to think about the size of the shift? 
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. In terms of our pipeline of company and -- look, we are highly focused on increasing our releases. And I think you'll see our efforts. First of all, our acquisition of Social Point and their robust pipeline going forward brings us a lot of opportunity to bring new releases in the near term. We've also got Private Division, which we've spent a lot of time talking about, which you're going to see the first couple releases coming out in the near-term future, but there's more to come as well. We talked about the new studio led by Michael Condrey. So just from a project-based perspective, we are highly focused on bringing more titles into the mix for us. And you're going to -- and look, not every title is going to come out in the next 12 months, but over time, you're going to see a higher release of cadence from our titles because that's a stated objective of ours. There's also -- obviously, we're focused on M&A as well, and there's always an opportunity to bring in new projects that way, and that's something that we've been focused on from day 1. And again, Social Point is one example of that. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Q4, we talked about that there were units from Red Dead Redemption 2 that were in Q3, so that shifted out of Q4. And it was also offset by higher NBA expectation. So that's the overall change in Q4. It's driven by those items from early. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: This is for Lainie. I want to talk about the gross margin a little bit here. In the third quarter, your guidance sort of implied something around 45%. You came in a little below that by about 150 basis points. Was there anything in the gross profit or in the cost of goods sold that resulted in the margin coming in a bit below expectations? And I'm curious as far as the amortization of Red Dead Redemption 2, are you willing to say how much of that amortization remains? 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the margin in Q3, it's really driven by the business mix, and it was more weighted towards the new releases than we had expected. They have higher development costs associated with it and also higher internal royalties. So that is the difference in the gross margin. And we should see that for the full year as well. And then -- sorry, what was your second question? On the -- oh, the amortization of Red Dead. We don't share that on a title-by-title basis. But we are amortizing it in line with what the overall expectations are for the sales over a multiyear period. 
Eric Handler: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. In terms of your deal with eSports and the NBA. There -- last year, when it entered its first season, there was no presence at all during any NBA games as far as I could tell. I'm just curious how some of the marketing plans are evolving for this season? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're -- it's a very early days sort of thing. And we -- the first season was a work in progress, and we got great results. And we're going to continue to develop. Karl mentioned the fact that we have 4 more teams. We're heading into a draft. We're heading into all kinds of exciting opportunities around the second season, and stay tuned for more news on promotional opportunities as well. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few questions, if I could. First, can you just highlight how you think Fortnite is impacting the industry and yourselves? Second question, Strauss, the trade issues related to video games in China. Do you think any of these talks with the Trump administration could have a positive impact on how video games are brought to China? And then finally, on buybacks, you bought back stock at about $108. Stock is indicating below $100. Should we expect you -- to see you in the market in any more meaningful way than you have been in the past? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. In terms of Fortnite, I've been asked about this before. I would just observe. We continue to have stellar results despite the fact that there are competitive titles in the market, including Fortnite. There's also plenty of other competition. We get competition from every form of entertainment and other activities that people engage in that would take them away from consuming our titles. So there is no one-for-one comparison to the titles. I don't believe for a minute that our results when they're great or our results when they're less than great are being influenced positively or negatively by another hit title in the marketplace. It's just not the way entertainment works. So it's not the way the movie business works. It's not the way the television business works or the music business or the software business. So if you have something great, people will show up for it. If you don't have anything great, they're not going to show up for it. And just by a way of example just to look at the last fiscal year, we had record results for Grand Theft Auto. We had record results for Grand Theft Auto Online, and Fortnite was booming. So there is room for plenty of hits in the marketplace. We've just had a stellar third quarter. Fortnite continues to perform, and we have these amazing results with Red Dead Redemption 2, NBA 2K19 and the rest of our lineup and our catalog. So I don't see any crossover. And I think if you want to step back from it, you'd say it's almost certainly a good thing when there is a multiplicity of hits. It brings in a bigger audience, perhaps a more diverse audience. We think that's the case. So we're not concerned about competition. We are very concerned about what we do every day, which is why, as Karl said, we're increasing our development. We're increasing our pipeline. And we're utterly focused on quality, and we're really proud of the quality of our titles and our recent releases because, frankly, they've been very good for quite a long time. We've had very few, if any, disappointments that I can think of. On China, we think Asia is an enormous opportunity, specifically China is a great opportunity. We're gratified that game approvals have been relaunched under a new method. We feel cautiously optimistic that there is great opportunity as a result. Tencent and others are engaging in developing new distribution platforms. And I do think, actually, as we look at trade, our government is focused on the fact that taking care of intellectual property, which is America's second-biggest export after aerospace, is important. I think it's on the list of important things. So I think you'll begin to see some progress there. So I think there's a wonderful opportunity for us in China. There's wonderful opportunity right now. And absolutely if regulations soften, there'd be an even greater opportunity. But we understand we have to work within the environment that we find ourselves in there. Finally, with regard to buybacks, we've made it very clear that we have 3 uses for our cash: supporting our organic growth story. That has been our story here. 11 years ago when we showed up here, we had net revenue apples-to-apples of around $700 million net -- but what we would call net bookings today, and we're going to be knocking on the door of $3 billion today, and that is almost all organic. We did buy Social Point. We acquired a few studios, but that is primarily organic growth, and that's a great story. So we want to support organic growth and support measured risk. And so far, our measured risks have all paid off, which is amazing that I get to say those words. We really have nothing that we're concerned about, and we have all these opportunities in front of us. That said, we also think with $1.6 billion cash balance and no debt and plenty of cash flow that we have an opportunity to pursue inorganic growth and certainly, given market conditions right now, there's probably more opportunity facing us now than there was 6 months ago, and that's potentially exciting, but we're very disciplined. And if it needs to be said, we're only interested in accretive transactions like Social Point, which is an accretive transaction. And finally, we're interested in returning capital to our shareholders when it makes sense. My philosophy about buybacks is well known, which is you do buybacks when you see deep value in the marketplace. And when we have seen deep value in the marketplace, we have acted against and I'll probably leave it right there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: Without getting into the specifics of content releases, which I know you can't share, just wondering should we expect a somewhat staggered approach to new content in GTA and Red Dead in order to kind of maintain engagement for each title? Or is really the focus to shift resources primarily towards new content for Red Dead? And then just very high level, there's been some increasing chatter about an idea that perhaps the industry is getting closer to kind of a ceiling in what gamers are willing to spend for in-game content? And the concept, I guess, really being that the significant growth of in-game content spend in recent years was maybe low-hanging fruit, and now that opportunity is more saturated. I'm guessing you wouldn't agree with that line of thinking but just be interested in your take on it. 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of content drops for GTA Online, for Red Dead Online or, frankly, for other of our titles because we have opportunities to engage post-release with virtually everything that we put out. No, we wouldn't see that there would be any relationship between the content drop for one title inside our organization and any other title. So no, I think they stand alone, and what we're trying to do is engage and captivate consumers for every title and to optimize each one for its own consumer base and to grow that consumer base. With regard to in-game spending, I think you're talking about in-game spending or which really speaks to free-to-play games. I don't think we're seeing any kind of a cap. I do think that consumers always pay attention to what they're getting and what they're spending. They're always paying attention to that -- to value. And you never ever want to be in a position of charging more than what you deliver, and you want everyone to leave the experience feeling great. So you know even anecdotally, if you have a really great experience, but you feel you were charged too much for it, your emotional experience overall is not good, even if the thing itself was good. You go to a restaurant, you get a great meal, but if you feel like you're overcharged, it doesn't feel like you had a great meal when you leave the restaurant. So we want to make sure that our consumers always feel like we're taking great care of them and that our consumers understand that we have to pay our folks in order to deliver content, but we always want to deliver more than what we charge. And I do think that certain of our competitors have gotten that upside down. And they even say it, we're data-driven business, and we're trying to maximize our revenue, and then they back into the entertainment experience. We're an entertainment company. We're trying to build incredible experience as we're trying to be the most creative company on earth. We believe we have the best creative teams on earth. And we encourage them, in fact, require them to pursue their passion and not work on anything that they're not passionate about. And as a result, we think we have the best creative properties in the business, and people will show up for those. But we have to be totally respectful of our customers, and that means delivering more than what we charge, and we're utterly focused on doing that. I think if you do that, there's plenty of room, and remember the cohorts going. So even if there is a particular pushback on how much any individual consumer will spend on any experience -- and by the way, we're not seeing that. Then what you have to do is create great experiences and encourage more consumers to get involved, which is happening. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: At this point in the call, I'll keep it to just one, rather expansive one, though. Strauss, I'm loving the conversations on value and pricing. I hope you don't mind if I flex it one level even further. I mean, when you talk about some of the premier properties from the Rockstar Games, the Red Dead Redemption, for instance, and you've commented that, at a $60 price point, you believe that your consumers probably feel that's a fantastic value. And it doesn't -- you said something to the effect that it doesn't really matter what price you charge if the product's that good. So let me challenge you. Have you thought about why $60? I suppose that lots of Red Dead Redemption players would have thought USD 100 was a great value, but on the other end, too, right. I wonder what the elasticity really is when you've thought about it. If it were free, would you have twice as many players because a bunch of people are not willing to pay $60 to find how great it is? And as we think about revenue miles going forward, I just wonder if there's going to be a lot more dynamism in sort of that upfront pricing relationship and what you really think how the U.S. has evolved? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So I think, there's -- the price discrimination in entertainment is really tricky. The same question -- I was asked the same question when I was in the movie business. You're putting out Home Alone 2 -- I'm aging myself, but it's all true. And you knew how Home Alone 1 did. So why don't you charge much more at the box office? And the answer is, it's not really how consumers tend to see entertainment. They expect to pay the same price point for front-line entertainment, and their expectations are that it's high quality. And of course, in the video game business, because the Metacritic scores and reviews, they have some path to know typically what they're getting, more so than in many other businesses. So it seems as though your front-line pricing kind of has to be within a range without regard to the properties that you develop, especially because we never want a consumer to feel as though we're taking advantage of them, and that includes even if there is a lot of demand. On your second point, your question resonates in great success. But when you don't have any knowledge about where you're going, it'd be very difficult to pursue the model that you said. So the model works great retroactively. It doesn't work at all prospectively. Because prospectively, you could be in a terrible position where your monetization levels are exceedingly low. As they are for free-to-play games typically under 10% of the audience pays, and yet when you went and spent the money to create an enormous front-line experience. So we think you have to find a middle path, which is charge a reasonable amount to get people in the door and give them phenomenal quality for that. And then for the people who chose to continue along with your additional content, whatever form it takes, an online offering or downloadable add-on content, you want to make the friction for that low as well. And of course, over time, typically there's discounting of the front-line product, and that will reduce the threshold for people who don't want to initially participate at a higher price. Although in the case of Grand Theft Auto, of course, our retailers maintained a very high front-line price for a very long time. So I guess, the answer is we have to find a path in between. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Hickey with Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Just 2 from me. Curious if you could share with us your relationship with Gearbox, how stable that studio is? It looks like there's a fair amount of disruption internally that you feel this is impacting the development time line for Borderlands 3. Second question on your unannounced 2K game, already been delayed once. It sounds like it's on track. We still don't know what it is. I guess, why the lingering mystery on what this game is? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. Our relationship with Gearbox, which is an external studio, is excellent. The company is stable. And they're doing a phenomenal job as they always do, and we support them greatly. In terms of the unannounced 2K title, that is very much on track. And we expect it to stay on track, and we have very high expectations. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Just real quick on a modeling question, maybe I missed it. You mentioned there was some recurring revenue as pull-forward related to RDR. Could you let us know approximately how much that was? And I have one big-picture follow-up. 
Lainie Goldstein: We don't share that level of detail on a title-by-title basis, so I can't answer that with you today. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Yes. No, no, fair enough. And then Strauss, just had a couple questions around Private Division. What were some of the -- now that we're getting the 2 games launched this year, what were some of the industry trends you identified a couple years ago that made you want to build Private Division out really aside from a focus on original content? And as a follow-up, how do you think about building a studio as what you do with Mr. Condrey versus finding third-party studios like what you're doing with Private Division? 
Karl Slatoff: Andrew, it's Karl. So in terms of the idea behind Private Division, I mean, look, we've had -- obviously, we've been around the industry a long time and when you see sort of ebbs and flows in terms of the amount of independent studios that are out there and also talent that's not necessarily associated with other enterprises and just within the last few years, we've seen an increase. And most of the people that we have -- that we signed up for Private Division, these are actually folks that have got real credibility in the industry and have done things before and want to try -- and they want to try creative -- a different creative approach than they have in the past and not necessarily work on titles with -- as big of budgets as they've had in the AAA or AAAA world. So there's just an opportunity -- it's really based on talent and availability of talent. And like I said earlier, we prided ourselves to be a home where -- and to have the flexibility to be a home for creative talent to allow them to pursue those endeavors. And the key ingredient there is passion. And that really is -- probably 95% of it is passion. Do we believe in them? Do they believe in themselves? And can we find a way for it to work within the business model that works for both for us? And that idea is something that was born here. And that we actually really believe -- and once we saw it work once, we said this could be a new business model for us. We can grow this out into a much bigger place because there has to be more than 1 or 2 of these folks out there that want to pursue this path. And as it turns out, we're absolutely right. And the pipeline has been incredible, and the number of titles that we've looked at is staggering over the past few years. I mean, there is no shortage of inbound interest for Private Division. So it's... 
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Operator: It appears we've lost our caller. Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So I wonder if you could talk about your changed view for the NBA 2K full-game sales relative to your last update. What's led to the improved performance? Are you seeing an uptick in interest outside the U.S.? And then separately for Lainie, can you talk about implications for gross margin, given the 7-year renewal with the NBA license? 
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please standby. We're experiencing technical difficulties. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, I think we may have lost you. If there are any other people left on the line, apologies. We had a technical lapse, and we'll be happy to continue with the questions if anyone is here. 
Operator: Our next questioner is Matthew Harrigan with Buckingham Research. 
Matthew Harrigan: Strauss, you have an unbelievably broad view of the entertainment business by virtue of your background. Do you have any thoughts on how you can better monetize the IP that you enviably have all the rights for in-house, even on the movie side, although everyone knows how difficult those adaptations can be. And I know this is a little far afield, but what's your reaction to Bandersnatch and that trying to embark on sort of new interactive entertainment genre? I don't know if it's at all pertinent to take 2. I suspect it's not, but I'd be curious to sort of get your laboratory reaction on that one? 
Strauss Zelnick: So all good questions. We're very -- we have this wonderful intellectual property, more than 11 franchises that have sold at least 5 million units with one release, something like 60 releases that have sold at least 2 million units. So we have a terrific array of properties, and I think you've correctly noted that we have not exploited those in other media. I think the issue is that you have to make something great in every medium in which you operate. And if you're going to make a motion picture or television show based on the IP, it has to be utterly phenomenal, and we'd have to have a lot of creative control, and we're not in those businesses. And they have different economic constraints and opportunities. What we have found so far is that licensing the IP to others with sufficient creative control and appropriate financial participation on our end is very challenging to do and isn't necessarily great use of our time. We also -- we do very, very well in our core business, and it's behooved us to focus on our core business. And I'd also just note, it seemed to be very difficult creatively to take intellectual properly -- property driven by interactive entertainment, bring it to linear entertainment. There aren't so many examples of that being done successfully, and that gives us pause as well. In terms of sort of choose your venture applied to television, I've always been a little bit skeptical because my concern is that the more engagement you have in the outcome of a linear fiction, the less likely it is that you can maintain the suspension of disbelief. But consumers like it. There could be something there. I think we'll find out if it's a novelty. That's interesting as novelty, or if there is something there that's more long lived. I'd probably fall in the camp of the former, but the whole point creatively is that you got to be open minded and pursue the passions of your creators. And I would note that the biggest hits are often the most unexpected. So I'd be open minded. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Wingren with KeyBanc. 
Evan Wingren: This one is for Lainie. Just a quick one. On Red Dead Redemption 2 and recurrent consumer spending associated with the premium SKU units during the holiday quarter, just wondering if you could give us a sense as to how much of a contributor that was to recurrent consumer spending exceeding your expectations, just recognizing -- don't get specific commentary but some flavor would be helpful. And second, I think during the technical difficulties, Drew asked a question about -- Drew Crum from Stifel asked a question about the NBA relationship and implications for margins as you go forward. I thought that was a good question, so hoping you would address that, too. 
Lainie Goldstein: So during Q3, the special and ultimate editions, additional content that was allocated to recurrent consumer spending was a large portion of why we overachieved during the quarter. About 17% of -- so the special and ultimate editions were about 17% of all of the units that were sold during the quarter. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of our relationship going forward with the NBA. We're thrilled to be in a long-term relationship with the NBA and the Players Association. We're grateful for their trust in us, and we're incredibly proud of what we believe the Players Association and we have achieved in the past years delivering this industry-leading title over and over and over again. In terms of our expectations under the terms of the new deal, there's plenty of room for everyone to do well. That's the best kind of deal, and we expect that our margins will be maintained. We do not see any reason to believe that our margins will be changed in a negative way. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. 
Gerrick Johnson: Thanks for the commentary on Private Division, but can you remind us the economic relationship between Take-Two and the companies in Private Division like Obsidian? And what do you get -- what's your upside potential from Outer Worlds and games like that? 
Karl Slatoff: I won't get into the specific economics, but generally speaking, all the -- these are situations where the independent -- the studios that we work with, they actually maintain the ownership of the IP, but we have long-term publishing rights to that IP. We generally will fund developments and marketing of those expenses -- of those titles. And once all of that is recouped, and there is typically a profit share. But I can't get into the specifics of how -- what kind of profit share that is, et cetera, et cetera. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: One of your competitors has made the decision to do a PC launch of an upcoming major supply title exclusively to the Epic store. Just wondering how you view the tradeoff of the potentially better economics there versus the importance of having your content with as many distribution platforms as possible? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, generally speaking, our approach is to be wherever the consumer is, and we distribute very widely. Generally speaking, we have not been a believer in exclusive relationships. I wouldn't comment on any particular store. But for example, the question has been raised about shouldn't you, as a company, be exclusively direct-to-consumer. And I think our experience is that consumers want to shop in a place where they can get a multiplicity of titles. We have terrific titles coming from all of our labels. We have a very broad offering, but there are other titles besides titles coming through the Take-Two Enterprise that people want. So generally speaking, our strategy is to be broadly distributed. There are times when an exclusive distribution relationship can make sense. And I wouldn't be in a position to comment on one of our competitors chose to do. But on balance, we're happy that Epic is going into the business. We're happy to have someone else at the table. 
Operator: At this time, I will turn the floor back to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: First of all, I apologize for the fact that we lost you for a few minutes there, and we'll make sure that never happens again. Look, we're proud of the quarter that we just reported on. We're incredibly excited that our outlooks says we're going to have a record year for net bookings and adjusted cash flow provided by operations. We feel like we're firing on all cylinders, and the outlook is very strong. So we thank you so much for joining us today. I know it was a long call. Thanks for your support. 
Operator: Today's conference has concluded. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Second Quarter Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Hank Diamond, SVP of IR. Please proceed. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2019 ended September 30, 2018. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that during the second quarter, Take-Two delivered better than expected operating results, including growth in net bookings. This outperformance was driven primarily by Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online as well as the successful release on NBA 2K19. On September 11, 2K launched NBA 2K19 to critical acclaim. Forbes noted there is no such thing as a perfect sports game but this is as close as it gets. IGN called NBA 2K19 the best of the series. And Game Informer said the title isn't just a game, it's a lifestyle. 
 During the second quarter, net bookings from NBA 2K19 grew 10% over last year's release, driven by better-than-expected growth and recurrent consumer spending. In addition, digitally delivered sales of the game increased significantly. According to The NPD Group based on combined physical and digital sales in the U.S., NBA 2K19 achieved the highest launch month in terms of dollar sales of any sports game release since it began tracking industry sales in 1995. NBA 2K19 represents the biggest launch of any title in the NBA 2K series. And NBA 2K19 is now the best-selling sports game of 2018 year-to-date. 
 Our industry-leading basketball series continues to benefit from strong engagement and recurrent consumer spending. For NBA 2K19, online games played, percentage of players who buy virtual currency and average revenue per user all have increased double digits over NBA 2K18. 
 During the second quarter, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew approximately 70% to a new record. In fact, NBA 2K was the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending in the period. We expect the net bookings from NBA 2K19, including recurrent consumer spending will be the highest ever for a 2K sports title. I'd like to congratulate Visual Concepts and 2K for continuing to innovate our beloved Basketball series and setting the standard for sports games and interactive entertainment. Even with its tremendous success, we believe that there remains a substantial worldwide opportunity for NBA 2K, both in terms of unit sales and recurrent consumer spending. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online continues to exceed expectations in the second quarter as it has in every period since its release. Recurrent consumer spending on the title grew sequentially and was close to flat year-over-year. During the quarter, Rockstar Games supported Grand Theft Auto Online with an array of new content, highlighted by the highly successful after-hours update, and they have much more planned going forward. Sales of Grand Theft Auto V also outperformed our expectations and the title has now sold in more than 100 million units. 
 Our second quarter results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings, including Social Point's mobile games, NBA 2K18, WWE SuperCard and NBA 2K Online 2 in China. Delivering new and innovative ways for consumers to stay captivated by and engaged with our titles after their initial launch remains a key strategic priority for our organization. 
 During the second quarter, recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations, growing 28% and accounting for 53% of total net bookings. In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of offerings. In the free-to-play category, Social Point, once again, was a significant contributor to our results through its 2 biggest mobile titles, Dragon City and Monster Legends. Combined net bookings from these 2 games grew sequentially over the first quarter. Social Point remains focused on its exciting pipeline, which includes 10 new games in development. 
 Recurrent consumer spending on WWE SuperCard grew 47% net of platform fees, and the game has now been downloaded over 18 million times. 2K supported WWE SuperCard with 3 updates during the second quarter and has announced that WWE SuperCard season 5 will be released this fall. And NBA 2K Online in China grew 85%, driven by the launch of NBA 2K Online 2 in August. Total combined registered users for NBA 2K Online 2 and its predecessor currently stand at 40 million people and the franchise remains the #1 PC online sports game in China. Add-on content also contributed meaningfully led by our offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization and XCOM 2. 
 On October 26, Rockstar Games launched it's highly anticipated title Red Dead Redemption 2, a collaboration among all of Rockstar Games studios worldwide, including more than 2,000 team members, Red Dead Redemption 2 features the deepest and most expansive Rockstar world to date and is the label's first experience built from the ground up for the current console generation. 
 Red Dead Redemption 2 has received outstanding reviews with numerous influential critics awarding the title a perfect score, including IGN, The Guardian, Game Informer, The Telegraph, Digital Trends and others. The Washington Post called it jaw-dropping at every level. Hollywood Reporter said, "What Rockstar has delivered in Red Dead Redemption 2 is not just the best game of the year but the best game of the decade." CNET wrote, "Red Dead Redemption 2 has undoubtedly raised the bar for narrative open-world games and will likely have a lasting impact on how they're made in the future." And GQ U.K. said, "Red Dead Redemption 2 is Rockstar's best game, a grand magnificent adventure that's vast, yet intimate." 
 Red Dead Redemption 2 is now tied with Grand Theft Auto V as the highest rated title on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One with a 97 Metacritic score. Red Dead Redemption 2 has also exceeded our sales expectations to date. The title has set numerous records, including achieving the biggest opening weekend in the history of entertainment with over $725 million in retail sell-through during the first 3 days. Red Dead Redemption 2 sold in more units in its first 8 days than the original Blockbuster Red Dead Redemption sold in its first 8 years. And as of today, the title has sold in over 17 million units worldwide. I'd like to congratulate the entire team of Rockstar Games for, once again, raising the bar for what can be achieved creatively in interactive entertainment as well as delivering a resounding critical and commercial success. 
 As a result of our strong performance in the second quarter and outstanding early results from Red Dead Redemption 2, we're increasing our financial outlook for fiscal 2019, which is also poised to be a record year for net bookings and adjusted operating cash flow. This is one of the most exciting times in our organization's 25-year history. New technologies, business models and distribution platforms are enabling interactive entertainment to reach consumers like never before and allowing our business to evolve further and expand globally. Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to capitalize on all the positive trends in our industry. 
 Creatively, we're home to the best development teams in the business, which have a proven track record of delivering the highest quality entertainment that captivates audiences and keeps them engaged. Operationally, we're committed to excellence. We strive to be the most efficient company in our sector. And finally, we have access to the capital needed to pursue all compelling opportunities, both organic and inorganic. As a result, Take-Two is better positioned than ever to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over the long-term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll begin by discussing our other recent launches. On October 9, 2K returned to the ring with WWE 2K19, the latest installment in our popular sports entertainment series. Developed collaboratively by Yuke's and Visual Concepts, the title received positive reviews from critics, including Bleacher Report, who called the game phenomenal, and IGN who noted, my career, this year, is fantastic and it's exactly what the template should look like in future years. WWE 2K19 is being supported with a series of [ development ] level content, including a Season Pass as well as the WWE 2K19 Million Dollar Challenge, where 1 finalist will compete one-on-one against AJ Styles for the chance to win a $1 million grand prize. 
 On October 16, 2K bolstered our NBA basketball offerings with the release of NBA 2K Playgrounds 2, titled the fun throwback to the classic 2-on-2 arcade-style basketball that continues to earn worldwide fans and critical acclaim. IGN rated the game an 8 out of 10, and said, "NBA 2K Playgrounds 2 proves that pick-up-and-play arcade basketball is still alive and well." NBA 2K Playgrounds 2 features multiple ways to play on your own with friends or against the world. The game is being supported with a series of post-launch updates featuring 180 additional players, including NBA legend, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, as well as additional playgrounds. 
 Yesterday, 2K launched Carnival Games for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. This new offering from our popular franchise that has sold in over 9.5 million units worldwide is perfectly timed for the upcoming holiday season. Offered at a family-friendly price point of $39.99, Carnival Games is fun for gamers of all ages. 
 On Nintendo Switch, the title can be played alone or with up to 4 people simultaneously, leveraging the unique accessibility of the console's Joy-Con controllers. The game features 20 exciting reimagined games in 4 unique alleys that can be played at home or on the go, alone or with family and friends. 
 Turning to our upcoming releases. On November 13, in North America, and on November 16, internationally, 2K will release physical versions of The Golf Club 2019 Featuring PGA TOUR for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Developed by HB Studios, 2K launched the game digitally for these consoles and PCs this past summer marking the franchise's first release featuring the official PGA TOUR license. Within its first 2 months in market, the title sold in over 30% more units than last year's addition. In addition, critics agreed that the Golf Club 2019 Featuring PGA TOUR is the most comprehensive and engaging virtual golf experience to date. With Operation Sports calling it exciting fun and authentic, and GameSpot saying, "It's a drive forward for the golf simulation series." We're pleased to expand our sports portfolio and continue to explore opportunities to complement our offerings. 
 On November 16, 2K and Firaxis Games will launch Sid Meier Civilization VI for Nintendo Switch. Civilization VI won both The Game Awards' and DICE Awards' best strategy game in 2016, and on Nintendo Switch that title will include the latest game updates and improvements as well as 4 additional content packs that add new civilizations, leaders and scenarios. We are confident that gamers will enjoy taking one more turn in our beloved award-winning strategy series on the Nintendo Switch. 
 On December 14, 2K and Gearbox Software will bring the critically acclaimed and genre-defining shooter looter Borderlands franchise to Playstation VR with Borderlands 2 VR. Available for additional download, the title brings the iconic world of Pandora to life like never before with brand-new VR specific features like BadAss Mega Fun Time, first-person perspective driving and all new VR specific bulk hunter skills and abilities and more. Just in time for the holidays, both fans and the press are excited for Borderlands' VR arrival, with Game Informer saying grab your guns and get into Pandora once again with Borderlands 2 VR on PS VR. 
 I'd like to take a moment to join Strauss and congratulate Rockstar Games on the phenomenal success of Red Dead Redemption 2. Later this month, Rockstar Games is planning to launch an initial public beta of Red Dead Online, a new online connected experience set against the backdrop of Red Dead Redemption 2's enormous open world. Red Dead Online is an evolution of the classic multiplayer experience in the original Red Dead Redemption, blending narrative with competitive and cooperative game play in fun new ways. Using the game play of Red Dead Redemption 2 as a foundation, the vast world of Red Dead Online will be ready to be explored alone or with friends and will feature content updates and adjustments to grow and evolve this experience for all players. Access to Red Dead Online will be free with the purchase of Red Dead Redemption 2 on both PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. In the coming months, we will continue to support our titles with additional content designed to drive consumer engagement, including updates for Grand Theft Auto Online, WWE SuperCard and more. In addition, we'll continue to broaden our offers for mobile devices. 
 Following the successful completion of the NBA 2K League's inaugural season, 4 additional teams have signed on bringing the total to 21 teams that will complete in Season 2. The draft qualification process for Season 2 began last week and will conclude November 6 -- 26. Non-retained players from the first season will automatically be entered into the draft pool for Season 2. The NBA 2K league also plans to conduct 1 or more tournaments outside of North America to identify additional international players for the 2019 draft group. We look forward to the continued progress and growth of the league, which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a meaningful driver of profits for our company. 
 Looking ahead, our label has had a strong development pipeline, which includes groundbreaking new intellectual properties and releases from our renowned franchises. In addition, we'll continue to support our games with offerings designed to enhance players experience and drive engagement. This is an incredibly dynamic time for our company and the industry, with vast opportunities presented by emerging platforms, business models and markets that are enabling us to reach new consumers in all new ways. We're excited about the future and confident in our ability to continue to provide value to our consumers and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now [ call ] the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl. And good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll discuss our second quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year 2019. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release. 
 Strauss mentioned our business delivered better-than-expected operating results in the second quarter. Total net bookings grew to $583 million, which exceeded our outlook range of $500 million to $550 million, due primarily to the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online as well as the successful launch of NBA 2K19. Digitally-delivered net bookings grew 20% to $426 million and accounted for 73% of the total. 
 During the second quarter, 47% of our sales of current generation console games were delivered digitally up from 35% last year, a result that exceeded our expectations. 
 Turning to some details from our second quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue increased by 11% to $493 million and cost of goods sold decreased 5% to $235 million. Operating expenses increased by 11% to $232 million, due primarily to higher marketing spend as well as R&D expense for titles that are not technologically feasible. And GAAP net income was $25 million or $0.22 per share, up from a loss of $3 million or $0.03 per share in the prior year period. 
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2019 operating and financial outlook. Starting with the fiscal third quarter. We expect net bookings to range from $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion, up from $654 million in the third quarter last year, driven by the record-breaking launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. I would like to join Strauss and Karl in congratulating Rockstar Games for delivering this incredible creative and commercial achievement. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be Red Dead Redemption 2, NBA 2K19, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V and WWE 2K19. We expect recurrent consumer spending to be approximately flat and we expect digitally-delivered net bookings to increase by around 70%. 
 Our forecast assumes that 30% of our current generation console games will be delivered digitally, up from 26% in the third quarter last year. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.1 billion to $1.15 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $773 million to $799 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $290 million to $300 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 45% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher marketing expense. And GAAP net income is expected to range from $36 million to $48 million or $0.31 to $0.41 per share. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We are raising our fiscal 2019 operating outlook primarily as a result of our stronger-than-expected second quarter results and increased outlook for Red Dead Redemption 2 as well as higher recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K. These are partially offset by modestly reduced unit expectations for NBA 2K19 and WWE 2K19. We now forecast net bookings to range from $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion, up from our prior outlook of $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 43% increase over fiscal 2018, driven primarily by the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 and expected growth from NBA 2K, which we forecast will be partially offset by lower net bookings from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. 
 The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, WWE 2K and Social Point's mobile offering. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 60% Rockstar Games, 35% 2K and 5% Social Point and other. And we forecast the geographic net bookings split to be about 55% United States and 45% international. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow in the low teens and we have increased our digitally-delivered net bookings growth forecast to approximately 30%. Our increased forecast for digitally delivered net bookings is driven primarily by a higher full game download mix for Red Dead Redemption 2 and NBA 2K19. We now forecast that 37% of our current generation console games will be delivered digitally in fiscal 2019, up from 34% last year and up from our prior expectation of 32%. 
 We expect to generate approximately $730 million in adjusted operating cash flow, which represents nearly a $20 million increase from our prior implied outlook. Adjusted operating cash flow is our new non- GAAP measure, and is defined as GAAP net cash from operating activities adjusted for changes in restricted cash. It is equivalent to what we formally reported as GAAP net cash from operating activities prior to our April 1 adoption of a new accounting standard, which requires that changes in restricted cash be included within our cash flow statement. 
 We plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.45 billion to $1.47 billion. 
 Total operating expenses are forecasted to range from $890 million to $930 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 20% increase over the prior year, driven primarily by higher marketing, personnel, IT and R&D expenses. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $202 million to $232 million or $1.73 to $1.98 per share. 
 For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 20%. 
 In closing, during the first half of fiscal 2019, Take-Two produced strong results and we are poised to generate record operating results for the full year. Over the long term, our industry-leading creative assets, firm commitment to operational excellence and strong financial foundation position our company to deliver growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their dedication and hard work and for delivering another successful quarter. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 And we'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I realize we're only 10 days into this, and it'll only be relevant over probably a longer period of time, but at this point, do you think you're seeing any material cannibalization of GTA online from the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2? And somewhat related to that, is it likely that Rockstar will release content updates for GTA V and Red Dead Redemption 2 in a staggered man in the coming quarters? Or will they just kind of be released when they're ready? 
Strauss Zelnick: I've been asked repeatedly over prior calls about whether I felt cannibalization would potentially be an issue. And my view is that all games, all products, all entertainment products stand alone. They compete with everything in the market. They compete with themselves, then they compete with nothing at all. Because if there's a bunch of good stuff out there, you want to consume it all, and if there's nothing that appeals to you, you don't need entertainment at any given time. The fact that Red Dead Redemption 2 has come from Rockstar Games does not make it more or less competitive with any other title in the marketplace. And specifically to answer your question, we do not see any cannibalization nor do I expect any. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim O'Shea with Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: I'm just curious what kind of marketing promotional activity should we expect for Red Dead through the holidays? I'm just wondering if this is the type of game that will be a gifted item? Was this the type of game that could see a nice boost during the holiday shopping season? And just given the strength of the early sales of Red Dead, I'm wondering how strong this game could sell through the rest of the December quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: I think you can obviously expect that we'll be very supportive of the title on an ongoing basis. More specific details would be given by Rockstar. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Gee with Barclays. 
Ryan Gee: So maybe for Lainie. If we just do some rough math, it puts Red Dead Redemption somewhere at already around the $700 million in net bookings to date. And that compares to your -- now your new guidance for the Rockstar business to do about $1.7 billion up from the $1.5 billion that was in the guidance last quarter. So how should we think about that gap being made up by the rest of the Rockstar products? Should we think that that's really, in your guidance, primarily unit sales? Or is it really a catalog of GTA or perhaps the 2 Rockstar online businesses? Any color you could give there would be great. 
Lainie Goldstein: So what you're referring to are retail sales not just what our sell-through would be and our wholesale sales would be for our digital and physical. So those numbers aren't comparative, but if you think about just Q2 in general, and we've lifted the full year, and that is due to the increased outlook for Red Dead Redemption 2 and then higher RCS on NBA, partially offset by reduced unit sales expectations for NBA 2K19 and WWE 2K19. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: A couple of things on Red Dead. Lainie, in particular, I wondered if you can talk about the dispersion between the base SKU and how you did versus the 2 other premium SKUs, wondering if you might give a little insight there? And then also, as you know, when you think about the game and the online portion of the game, can you maybe talk about some -- possibly some similarities in how GTA Online ramped when it first started and how you think that might progress with Red Dead? 
Strauss Zelnick: Eric, it's Strauss. No, we don't break down how the different editions have sold. We will break down some details, but we don't tend to break that down. And it's way too early to talk about Red Dead Redemption 2 Online. It hasn't launched a yet. It will launch in public beta towards the end of the month. Rockstar will have a lot more to say about it, but we're not making any current predictions. 
Eric Handler: Fair enough. And then, I guess, just 1 quick follow-up. I wondered -- I'm not sure if I missed it or not, but the -- how Red Dead did in terms of full game downloads versus physical sales? 
Lainie Goldstein: We're not giving the detail by title, Eric, but we did say that we have seen a higher proportion of digital sales versus physical than we already had originally expected. So for the full year, we're expecting on current gen, our full game downloads to be 37% up from 34% last year, and we had expected it to be 32% when we gave out guidance last time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Great. Congrats on Red Dead. Now we'll move over to NBA. Can you talk about the dynamics that might be driving units a little bit below your forecast but RCS higher? And then Lannie, I think -- Lainie, I'm sorry. I think you have about $800 million of long-term capitalized software on the balance sheet. I imagine some of that's related to Red Dead. Wondering why that's not in the short-term side and then how that will flow through the income statement for the next few quarters? 
Karl Slatoff: Justin, it's Karl. Just to address your first question about the dynamics of the units we'll have forecast at this point. So yes, I mean, we -- well, today, the units of NBA 2K19 are down modestly versus '18. So we're forecasting them down a little bit for the full year. You don't ever have exact answers of why that's the case, but we have seen a higher number of consumers who bought NBA 2K18 continue to be engaged with that title and they haven't kind of converted over to 2K19 yet, which certainly could have an effect on the unit sales on NBA 2K19. There's also some competitive dynamics that could be affecting it. There are a lot titles in the market now. But 2K continues to pursue strategies to increase the number of units out there. So we're obviously not taking it sitting down. In terms of RCS, I mean, you're right. I mean, consumers are much more engaged. I think the good news on here is that consumers actually are, in the title, all the key metrics are much better than they had been in the past. And that just shows you to credit to how engaging the title is and how much visual content has improved in that title year upon year. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for a cap software for long term, we wouldn't see Red Dead Redemption move into short term until the game releases. So you wouldn't see a movement of that until Q3. And that number, that $800 million, includes capitalized stock expense and that won't go through our management reporting, you'll only see that go through our GAAP reporting. And once we release the game, we'll be creating a lifetime estimate of the title. And we don't share our lifetime estimates, but a blockbuster title, you can imagine, has a bit of a longer life and that will help to determine what the amortization period is over the life of the title. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Schachter with Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: Congratulations on the launch. Just really a great experience and I'm personally spending probably too much time chasing the legendary bear. On sales, can you talk about a little bit about the international opportunity, where it's done well, where it's not done as well as you would have liked? And where you think you could grow? And then, separately, Lainie, you listed Red Dead Online second when you talked about a contributor for FY '19, I believe, in the script. Can you clarify what that means in terms of the magnitude of Red Dead Online for this year's guide? How you're thinking about monetizing there? And then just one more on the capitalized part. If we assume that the success of the GTA was so long, for this one, obviously, it's going to be more than a year of capitalized offer amortization. Is it 2 years? Is it 3 years? And is it straight line? Or would it be relative to sales? 
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks for your questions. I'm glad you like the game. We're -- I actually went into Karl's office right before this meeting and he was playing it, that is the truth. So it's beloved already here. It's selling great around the world. It's incredibly strong everywhere. It's doing very, very well in the international markets. And in terms of online, we're not breaking out Red Dead Online for the year. And Lainie will take the third question. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So yes, since GTA did have a really long life and we would look at all of our titles and similar titles to determine the lifetime. But we have to look at history of all of our titles. And GTA is definitely an unusual circumstance. But a blockbuster, you would assume that it would be more -- it wouldn't be just 1 year, it would be a longer life than that. And in terms of how we would amortize, it would probably be over the revenue stream, it's the higher of the -- that are straight line and based on the launch quantity, I would assume that it will go over the revenue stream. 
Benjamin Schachter: Great. And just a quick follow-up. So you did say Red Dead Online when you're talking about revenue, so should we assume that, that means there is monetization in Red Dead Online and that's part of the guide? 
Lainie Goldstein: I didn't say Red Dead Online, I was talking about Red Dead, the launch of Red Dead. 
Operator: Our next question Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: I have 2. The first one, Strauss, just as you kind of -- you stepped back. You've done a great job the last couple of years sort of a building up a stable of software engineers and the ability to put out more content. How do you think about the potential to sort of put out more recurring titles on an annual basis for the next 2, 3, 4 years? Where are you now as far as capacity? And the second one, you mentioned 2 new games -- sorry, 10 new games in development at Social Point. Any talk on timing and all you can share with us? And which genres of mobile are you most excited about? 
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks for your question. And regarding our upcoming release schedule, we've said that our goal in any year is to have a handful of really powerful frontline releases, and those would be taking advantage of our extraordinary collection of franchises. We have 11 franchises that have each had at least 1 5-million-unit release. We have over 60 that have sold at least 2 million units in an individual release. So we will certainly bring back beloved franchises to market. And we aim to create new intellectual property every year as well. We haven't always been able to do that, but that's our goal. And in so doing, that looks an awful lot like annualizing titles without bringing really high-quality titles or trying to bring really high-quality titles to market too frequently, which we think is exceedingly difficult to do. We think, if you're able to do that right, we should be able to have an incredibly powerful frontline release program without asking too much from either our development teams or the consumers in terms of over and over again bringing a non-sports title to market. Our sports entertainment titles, on the other hand, are annualized. They work really well. So I think that's what you should expect going forward. The second question was with regards to Social Point. The games are sort of described as mid-core. They're deeper. They're engaging. They're intended to be deeper and engaging. Beyond that Social Point will talk about their upcoming releases because it's important that our labels speak for themselves from the point of development and marketing. But it's a diverse array of titles that are expected to be highly competitive. We're thrilled that they have hits in the marketplace, and we're excited about what is to come. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Wingren with KeyBanc. 
Evan Wingren: Just wanted to ask quickly about the RCS outlook for 3Q. I think you mentioned it was flat, respecting that The Doomsday Heist did launch a bit later in the quarter last year for GTA. Just trying to understand the puts and takes, given your comment that NBA 2K is growing and with respect to Strauss' comment that you don't expect cannibalization. So just trying to understand that dynamic. And then, just to be crystal clear because I was actually a little still confused, you're saying there is no -- nothing in the guide for Red Dead Online? 
Lainie Goldstein: No. We didn't say there wasn't anything in the guidance. We just said that when I was talking about the amortization of capitalized software, I was talking about the core products of Red Dead Redemption 2 and the full game that was already released. For recurrent consumer spending, what we're talking about in terms of the full year is that NBA 2K is going to be up for the full year. We will have Red Dead Redemption 2 launch and that's sometime later this month. And so, it won't be like a full quarter. So that's why the number wouldn't be up significantly. And we did say it was offset by GTA Online, which is reduced and we had given out original guidance for GTA Online to be down for the full year and also for Q3 and for Q2. And these are expectations every time the title comes out each quarter. 
Evan Wingren: Okay. And then just 1 quick one on the NBA 2K. Do you have a sense for what -- why this title, given that it was so well reviewed relative to last year, has sort of underperformed your expectations slightly? 
Karl Slatoff: The title has not underperformed our expectations at this point. I mean, actually, from a revenue perspective, we still anticipate this is going to be our highest title ever. We did say that the units are a little bit below where we expected them to be at this point in time. And as I said in an earlier question, it could be a vast array of reasons. We've got a lot more people engaged in 2K18 for a longer period of time that may have not transitioned over. There is -- there are a lot of games in the market. But like I said, 2K is obviously focused on trying to bring the audience base as high as it possibly can be and grow it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. 
Todd Juenger: At this point, it's hard not to overlap a bit with some previous ones, but can I go back to the NBA 2K number? I want to make sure I heard it right. I thought I heard 70%, 7 0 percent increase in recurring revenue. If I heard that right, that's obviously a very big number. I know you said it had to do with more players, higher attach rate, more ARPU. Any more detail about that would be helpful? But I guess, more broadly, what do you think about the game is driving such a change in behavior? Was there any change in the game design? Is it just -- is there some timing issues? Is it just the evolution of just that concept generally being accepted by consumers? Trying to understand what drove that result if I heard it correctly. 
Strauss Zelnick: You did hear right. It's up 70% recurrent consumer spending over last year's quarter. And it is a great result, and it's reflective of a lot more engagement. And the increased engagement we think is that the consumers who are inside the game are avid consumers. They love what Visual Concepts is bringing to market. And they're voting. They're voting that they love it. So I wish I could give you a better answer. Lord knows, we'd like to know, too. I can confirm that our approach every year is to make the game better, deeper, more entertaining, more captivating, more engaging. That's the goal. And when you see this kind of change in recurrent consumer spending, that obviously is reflective of engagement. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Stochel with Consumer Research. 
Raymond Stochel: So a couple here on Red Dead Redemption 2 and Rockstar. So the first would be whether or not Red Dead Redemption 2 changes how you're thinking about your current cash position now that you are sort of through the launch of the game and you know it's been successful? Then in addition to that, could you isolate any key driver of Red Dead's success relative to your expectations? Would that be review scores or preorders or just the general customer reception? And then, one thing, with Rockstar, broadly, do you guys think about Rockstar's Social Club as a big competitive advantage? And is there any way that we can think about Social Club in sort of a bigger context if you have any data points on Social Club that would be great. 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of the successful year that we expect to have affecting our cash position, we expect that adjusted cash flow from operations will be over $700 million and CapEx will be, as expected, around $60 million. We announced that we had cash of a little over $1 billion at the end of this quarter. So you can do the math. We obviously expect to have a significant cash balance at year-end. We said that our expectations, with regard to our cash, are, first, to support our organic growth on an ongoing basis, that's really our story. This is a company that's been driven by organic growth, largely. Secondly, when we find great opportunities to support inorganic growth opportunities, for example, the purchase of Social Point, we look through a very narrow lens, though. We want a deal to be accretive, if not immediately, then very quickly, and that does matter to us. And then of course, we're prepared to return capital to our shareholders and we've bought back around $300 million of stock in the last 12 months or so. Those are the 3 uses of cash. But, it's obviously a great place for us to be with no debt. I would observe that if you have concerns about the economy, and I think many of us feel like it's riding high and when -- we don't know when it will change. We do know that at some point it changes, that having a significant cash asset is strategically beneficial. And we do want to be well positioned for long-term growth, we are not a quarter-to-quarter company. 
 So the second thing, I think you asked what drives the enormous success of Red Dead Redemption 2. And the answer, I think is that Rockstar's known to make the best games in the business. And I think the creation of Grand Theft Auto V, which has really -- became a threshold event for the industry, for Rockstar, for Take-Two as a whole because it basically demonstrated that if something is so good as to be breathtaking that you can have amazing results. And I think, when consumers understood, which they did, that Red Dead Redemption 2 would be the first game built from the ground up for the next generation by Rockstar Games, that became a must-have item. Now when something is a must-have item and you get it home, it's got to be great. And a 97 Metacritic scores that ties it with Grand Theft Auto V basically says it's great. And I promise you if you play video games and you play Red Dead Redemption 2, you will agree. It's great. So what drives the success of any hit is that it's phenomenal. And usually phenomenal in a somewhat unexpected way. As high as the expectations were for this release, I'm not sure anyone could have anticipated just how amazing it is. With regard to the Rockstar Social Club, it's a vibrant and passionate community. The label supports it continuously. It has lots and lots of people who are engaged. We don't give much more detail than that, but we do think it's a strategically interesting and beneficial asset. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Congrats on Red Dead and the Rockstar as well, truly an amazing success. Curious on Red Dead Online. This is a bit of a stretch. Obviously, there's competitive game play elements to it, at least I think that's what you said. Do you see any sports opportunity at all for that game? I think just more broadly speaking, it's hard to get a read on what Rockstar's thinking philosophically. Obviously, they've nailed single-player, they've nailed live-service, but do you since have any ambitions to compete in the eSports market over time? 
Strauss Zelnick: I think, if there is any sports interest, Rockstar will talk about it. I think, as always, we want our labels to be out in front with marketing announcements. I would observe that, so far, Take-Two's eSports ambitions have centered around NBA 2K and the NBA 2K League. 
Michael Hickey: Okay, cool. The last one from me. You said 17 million units sold, and any perspective on what the channel looks like on the physical side, obviously? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's selling rapidly. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Ross with BTIG. 
Brandon Ross: It's just a follow-up on the capital allocation question from earlier. M&A opportunities seem obvious within gaming, whether kind of bulking up in mobile or console. Maybe you can update us on your -- what your ideal opportunities within gaming would be besides being accretive and if there are any other strategic opportunities in adjacent businesses that might make sense for you guys? And then, on Social Point, you called out Social Point's success this past quarter and the number of titles that are coming. Are there any ways you see them working with 2K or Rockstar to make those mid-core games based on, I guess, 2K or Rockstar IP now that Social Point is well integrated? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your good questions. I know you said, yes, we know you want acquisitions to be accretive, but believe it or not, that's a relatively unusual approach in our business. And it shouldn't be. It really is relevant because, in the absence of thinking about that, you would look at a whole bunch of things, and in the presence of that as a metric, you don't look at so many things at all. Generally, what we've said is, an acquisition should bring us owned intellectual property, teams and, potentially, technology. It doesn't have to bring all 3. We've done acquisitions that have brought us 1 of 3, for -- 2 of 3, 3 of 3 would be even better. And we are, indeed, very selective. Most corporate acquisitions fail. And thankfully the ones we've done around here, at least so far, have succeeded. We'd like to keep it that way. To your second question about Social Point, their focus, as is the focus of all of our labels, is to create their own intellectual property. And I would just note that, in terms of the biggest titles in mobile, they're all native to mobile. They're all made for that platform. There's no doubt that we've have success with intellectual property brought to the platform, WWE SuperCard being a great example. But the really huge successes are native. And that's what Social Point is trying to achieve. I wouldn't rule out the possibility of Social Point working with another label inside the Take-Two family, but that isn't the current approach, and it wouldn't be our primary approach. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So can you talk about the frequency of content updates we should expect for Red Dead 2 Online? And I think -- and I apologize if I missed the response to the question, but I think there was an earlier question on whether Rockstar will stagger the release schedule between Red Dead Online and GTA Online. And then separately, Red Dead 1 was not on PC. Any updated thoughts on making Red Dead 2 available on PC down the road? 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry. Could you just repeat the third question? 
Andrew Crum: Yes, Strauss, just on making Red Dead 2 available on PC? 
Strauss Zelnick: Making it available on PC. So Rockstar would normally update everyone on upcoming releases and that would sort of answer all of your questions, but it's too early to talk about content updates for Red Dead 2 Online because it hasn't launched yet, obviously. Historically, obviously, we have updated content for our online offerings. And in terms of ongoing releases, Rockstar will talk about what their intentions are going forward with regard to all upcoming products and the same would hold true for platforms. So in this particular instance, I can't really give you too much clarity, apologies. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Gentleman and Lainie, one of the big benefits, I think, GTA V experienced was the fact that it was such a great game that, when a new console cycle came, people all went out and bought it again. Sony and Xbox tend to talk a lot about forward/backwards compatibility. Does that change that dynamic as we approach the next console cycle because it looks like Red Dead could easily have the legs to last for multiple years? And then, as the second question, you showed NBA 2K at the Apple event, Civilization VI is -- the full game, I think, is on iPad and iPhone and mobile. Are those devices becoming powerful enough that they become an entire another medium for you to push a lot of your content to? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I don't think backwards compatibility is actually all that important. I think the reason that we had such a great experience with Grand Theft Auto V, when we brought it to new generation, is, first of all, the content was meaningfully operated with amazing new features. And secondly, because the title was so extraordinary, that it remained the standard bearer for the new generation straight through until the release of Red Dead Redemption 2 because nothing stood up to it technically or creatively. So how Red Dead Redemption 2 fares going forward is hard to know, but it's certainly off to a great start. But we don't -- our success is not built defensively by managing platform transitions. They're -- those things are really out of our control. Our success was built by making the very best entertainment that we possibly can, and we're grateful that, at least so far, it appears that it's some of the best entertainment made. And that's the whole drill. On your point about technical abilities, and thanks for referencing the Apple event, we were really thrilled to participate for NBA. I do think that it's just a matter of time before mobile devices are every bit as powerful. The question is whether the form factor is going to appeal to every kind of title, and I'm skeptical that it will. I say that and then you can find people who like to watch movies on their smartphones. So I'm sure you can find some people who, when the platforms are powerful enough, and to be clear, they're not yet. But when they are, we'll be really happy to play our very deep, very robust, very memory intensive, technologically intensive titles on platforms like iPads or smartphones. But right now, we're not quite there yet, but if you believe in Moore's law and I do, it's just a matter of time, probably not that long a time, before that's the case. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Creutz with Cowen & Co. 
Douglas Creutz: This is for Strauss. You were recently named Interim Chairman of CBS and congratulations on that, by the way. They're a company that's facing a lot of important decisions over the next 2 years both internally and externally. And I've even seen your name mentioned in the press release in one spot in conjunction as being a possible CEO candidate. Do the responsibilities there at all affect what you're doing at Take-Two? Has there been any kind of reshuffling of responsibilities? And how do you think about kind of balancing those roles off against each other? 
Strauss Zelnick: The CBS role is specifically interim and nonexecutive, so you have to think of it as a board seat with the responsibility to convene meetings, and I'm grateful for any opportunity to be of service to friends in the industry. Take-Two is where my head and my heart remains. I'm really proud of what the team here has accomplished in the last 11 years. I'm firmly committed to the company. I love what I do every day, and it keeps all of us plenty busy. I would observe that I'm 1 of only 4,300 team members. And this is a team effort and I'm really proud of what we, together, accomplish, but it is not a singular activity. So it's kind of you to ask the question, but the much more relevant question is, how does the team feel about continuing to do this together. And my primary job is to make sure that we constantly have a fantastic strategy backed up by an amazing culture, that this remains the place of choice for people who want to do the very best work in entertainment. And that when they are here, they get to pursue what they're passionate about because, more often than not, that yields the kind of results that we're talking about today. So I'm really grateful to be able to do this every day and I'm quite -- and to be specific, entirely committed to continuing to do so. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back to management for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to thank, everyone, for joining us today. We're obviously grateful for a terrific second quarter. We're thrilled that we're able to guide up for the year. And it is a gross understatement to say that we're excited for the initial release of Red Dead Redemption 2, and we have wonderful hopes for how the title will continue to unfold. Thank you, again, for joining us. We really appreciate your support. 
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 ended June 30, 2018. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP, and unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance.
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 Note that our fiscal first quarter results reflect our adoption of ASC 606. This does not materially impact our net bookings operational metric but does affect our GAAP results in a number of ways. Prior periods have not been restated. Additional information will be included in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that fiscal 2019 is off to a solid start, with our business delivering first quarter operating results that exceeded our outlook. This performance was driven by better-than-expected recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K18 as well as strong ongoing demand for Grand Theft Auto V. During the quarter, we returned $154 million in capital to our shareholders through the repurchase of 1.6 million shares of our stock at an average price of approximately $96, and we ended the period with $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online continued to exceed our expectations in the first quarter as it has in every period since its release. Since April 1, Rockstar Games has released a number of free content updates for Grand Theft Auto Online following on The Southern San Andreas Super Sport Series as well as adding the Madrazo Dispatch Services mission series and most recently GTA Online: After Hours. After Hours had a bigger week 1 audience than last December's Doomsday Heist, which went on to be a record-breaking update. Rockstar Games plans to bring much more innovative new content to Grand Theft Auto Online in order to drive engagement and to keep its constantly evolving world thriving. 
 Sales of Grand Theft Auto V also outperformed our expectations, with sell-in of the title now approaching 100 million units. Remarkably, nearly 5 years after its initial release, Grand Theft Auto V remains the standard bearer for the current console generation. In April, Rockstar Games released the Grand Theft Auto V: Premium Online Edition, which includes the game's complete story experience, the world of Grand Theft Auto Online, all existing gameplay upgrades in content and the Criminal Enterprise Starter Pack. 
 We fully expect that the October 26 launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 will mark yet another creative milestone in Rockstar Games' renowned history and will further illustrate their ability to deliver entertainment experiences that redefine our industry and captivate audiences throughout the world. 
 NBA 2K18 continues to attract new fans, and the title has now sold in more than 10 million units, up 17% over last year's release. NBA 2K18 is our highest selling sports title ever and a testament of the tireless hard work and innovation of the team in Visual Concepts. In addition, our NBA 2K18 series continues to benefit from strong engagement and recurrent consumer spending, which exceeded our expectations in the quarter. We believe there remains a substantial opportunity to build on our industry-leading basketball series' tremendous success and continue to grow sales, engagement and recurrent consumer spending throughout the world. 
 Our first quarter results were also enhanced by a number of other recent releases and catalog titles, including Social Point's mobile games, WWE SuperCard and WWE 2K18, XCOM 2 and Sid Meier’s Civilization VI. 
 Finding new and innovative ways to drive ongoing engagement with our titles remains a key strategic priority for our organization. During the first quarter, recurrent consumer spending accounted for 63% of total net bookings, up from 59% last year. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. 
 In the free-to-play category, Social Point's 2 biggest mobile titles, Dragon City and Monster Legends, continue to be positive contributors to our results. The studio is hard at work on their strong pipeline of new titles, and we view Social Point as an important long-term growth opportunity for Take-Two. 
 Recurrent consumer spending on WWE SuperCard grew 18%, and the game has now been downloaded over 17 million times. 
 During the quarter, 2K released a number of updates to the title, which helped drive engagement. And NBA 2K Online remains the #1 PC online sports game in China, with over 37 million registered users. In addition, add-on content contributed significantly, led by our offerings for Sid Meier’s Civilization and XCOM 2. 
 Fiscal 2019 is poised to be one of our best years yet, and we expect to deliver record operating results. We're incredibly excited about the launch of Rockstar Games, Red Dead Redemption 2 as well as the upcoming releases of NBA 2K19, which marks the 20th anniversary of the series, and WWE 2K19. We'll continue to support our titles with offerings designed to drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending. 
 As we celebrate a quarter century of phenomenal entertainment, Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned, creatively, strategically and financially to capitalize on our industry's many opportunities. Our development team's unmatched ability to deliver the highest quality entertainment experiences and drive ongoing engagement through connected play is the key ingredient to our ongoing success. As a result, Take-Two is poised to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I will now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll focus on our development pipeline. 
 September 11, 2K will launch NBA 2K19, which will deliver the series' trademark style and NBA authenticity. The standard edition will feature Milwaukee Bucks standout and 2-time NBA All-Star Giannis Antetokounmpo on the cover. 
 To mark the franchise's 20th anniversary, 2K will also release a special NBA 2K19 20th Anniversary Edition, featuring 3-time NBA champion, 4-time NBA MVP and avid NBA 2K gamer, LeBron James on the cover. This iconic cover will feature Akron's favorite son, alongside an artistic composition of words personally chosen by LeBron, including Strive for Greatness, Driven and Equality. In addition to the exclusive James-themed content and items, fans who purchase the NBA 2K19 20th Anniversary Edition will receive access to the game 4 days early on September 7. 
 Our NBA 2K brand continues to expand its audience throughout the world across both traditional and emerging platforms, providing fans with numerous ways to engage with our industry's most popular and successful basketball series. Just today, NBA 2K Online 2 entered open beta in China. Co-developed By Visual Concepts and Tencent, the sequel to the highly successful NBA 2K Online is based on the console edition of NBA 2K and features 2K's legendary gameplay, 27 customizable position types, new player trading systems, eSports-optimized features, localized commentary and more. NBA 2K Online 2 is planned for full commercial release this fall. We believe that China represents a significant growth opportunity both for NBA 2K and for our business in general. 
 In addition, 2K recently announced that they will be the exclusive publisher of Saber Interactive's upcoming arcade-action sports game, NBA 2K Playgrounds 2. This over-the-top 2-on-2 basketball experience will complement our top-selling NBA 2K series and expand 2K's footprint in the basketball video game space. The original NBA Playgrounds was a fantastic throwback to the glory days of arcade-action sports. NBA 2K playgrounds 2 will give fans of both franchises an exciting new way to game with friends around the world. The title will be released this fall for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch and PC. 
 The inaugural season of the NBA 2K League, our joint venture with the NBA, is in full swing and heading into postseason play, and we've been very pleased with the League's progress and growing viewership. In addition, fan engagement on Twitch, the League's streaming partner, and its social channels has been strong. Beginning August 17, the League will hold its first playoffs that will include 8 of its 17 teams and culminate with the finalists on August 25. The NBA 2K League championship team will receive $300,000 for the playoff prize pool as part of the $1 million in total prize money and that will be awarded during the season. This first season has been a great learning experience for our organization and has provided a sound approach to expanding our presence in the rapidly growing world of e-sports. We look forward to watching the continued progress and growth of the League, which has a long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a meaningful driver of profits for our company.
 On October 9, 2K will bring gamers back into the virtual squared circle with WWE 2K19, which will include their favorite sports entertainment superstars, gameplay modes and hard-hitting in-ring action. AJ Styles, the phenomenal one, will be the cover superstar of the standard and deluxe editions of the title. In addition, 2K will feature 16-time WWE World Champion, global pop culture icon and WWE Hall Of Famer, Ric Flair, in the WWE 2K19 Wooooo! edition. This edition will be limited to 30,000 copies worldwide and offer an impressive assortment of exclusive and collectible memorabilia as well as robust digital content. Players who preorder WWE 2K19 at participating retailers will receive 2 playable characters as a bonus, including former WWE Champion Rey Mysterio and UFC Hall of Famer, "Rowdy" Ronda Rousey. And this year for the first time ever, fans will have the opportunity to compete in the WWE 2K19 Million Dollar Challenge, in which the winner of the tournament will face off one-on-one against AJ Styles in WWE 2K19 for the chance to win a $1 million grand prize. 
 On October 26, Rockstar Games will launch Red Dead Redemption 2, the eagerly awaited sequel to one of the label's most critically acclaimed and beloved titles. Created by the team behind Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption 2 is Rockstar Games' first title developed from the ground up for the current console generation. An epic tale of life in America's unforgiving heartland, Red Dead Redemption 2's vast and atmospheric world will also provide the foundation for an entirely new online multiplayer experience. In June, Rockstar Games announced details for the special edition and ultimate edition of the title, along with extra preorder bonuses for all 3 versions and the unique assemblage of real-world collectibles inspired by the game. We could not be more excited about the upcoming launch of Red Dead Redemption 2, which is poised to be another massive entertainment event.
 On November 6, 2K will broaden our offerings for the Nintendo Switch, with a release of Carnival Games, the next entry in our popular franchise that has sold-in over 9.5 million units worldwide. Developed specifically for the Switch, Carnival Games is fun for the entire family and can be played alone or with up to 4 players simultaneously, leveraging the unique accessibility of the console's Joy-Con controllers. The game features 20 exciting, reimagined games in 4 unique alleys that can be played at home or on-the-go, alone or with family and friends. 
 Throughout the year, we will continue to support our titles with additional content designed to deepen consumers' experience and drive engagement, including updates for Grand Theft Auto Online, WWE SuperCard and more. In addition, Social Point and 2K will continue to broaden our offerings for mobile devices. 
 Looking ahead, we have a strong development pipeline across our labels, which includes new releases from our renowned franchises, along with groundbreaking new intellectual property. Coupled with our substantial growth opportunity from recurrent customer spending as well as the many opportunities presented by emerging platforms and business models, we are extremely well positioned to provide value to consumers and to generate growth and profits over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our first quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2019. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release. 
 As Strauss mentioned, our business delivered better-than-expected operating results in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Total net bookings were $288 million, which exceeded our outlook range of $215 million to $265 million, due primarily to the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V as well as recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K18. Digitally-delivered net bookings were $253 million accounting for 88% of the total, up from 81% last year. 
 Turning to some details from our first quarter income statements. GAAP net revenue decreased by 7% to $388 million, and cost of goods sold decreased 33% to $131 million. Operating expenses increased by 7% to $186 million, due primarily to higher personnel expense. And GAAP net income was $72 million or $0.62 per share, up from $60 million or $0.56 per share in the prior year period. As a result of favorable market conditions during the first quarter, we were able to buy back 1.6 million shares of stock at an average price of approximately $96, and we ended the period with $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2019 financial outlook. Starting with the fiscal second quarter. We expect net bookings to range from $500 million to $550 million. We expect high single-digit growth in recurrent consumer spending, and we expect digitally-delivered net bookings to be approximately flat. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V and Social Point's mobile offerings. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $480 million to $530 million and cost of goods sold to range from $191 million to $217 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $235 million to $245 million. At the midpoint, this represents 15% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher marketing expense. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $50 million to $62 million or $0.43 to $0.53 per share. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We're increasing our operating outlook despite the strengthening of the dollar since last quarter as the result of our better-than-expected first quarter results and strong outlook for the balance of the year. We now expect net bookings to range from $2.7 million to $2.8 billion, up from our prior outlook of $2.67 to $2.77 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 38% increase over fiscal 2018, driven primarily by the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2; and expected growth from NBA 2K, which we forecast to be partially offset by lower net bookings in Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect high single-digit growth in recurrent consumer spending, and we expect digitally-delivered net bookings to increase by approximately 20%. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be Red Dead Redemption 2, NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, WWE 2K and Social Point's mobile offerings. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% Rockstar Games, 40% 2K, and 5% Social Point and other. And we expect the geographic net bookings split to be about 55% United States and 45% International. Expect to generate approximately $785 million in net cash provided by operating activities. 
 Effective April 1, we adopted a new accounting standard, which requires the changes in restricted cash be included within our cash flow statement. As a result, our outlook reflects a $72 million increase from the change in restricted cash during the first quarter. We plan to deploy approximately $60 million of capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.43 billion to $1.46 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $900 million to $940 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 21% increase over the prior year, driven by higher marketing, personnel, stock-based compensation and IT expenses. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $169 million to $199 million or $1.45 to $1.70 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 20%. 
 In closing, fiscal 2019 is off to a solid start and is poised to be one of our best years ever, with record-expected operating results. Over the long term, our industry-leading creative assets, firm commitment to operational excellence and strong financial foundation position our company to deliver growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering a successful start to the year. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Just wanted to revisit Grand Theft Auto: After Hours. You said engagement's up, and you're happy with that. Can you talk about how you think that can monetize the franchise? And then I think, Lainie, you guided recurrent spend up in 2Q. Could you just remind me what you guided to? And what's going to kind of drive that from slightly down this quarter to up in fiscal second quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Justin. In terms of After Hours, it's looking very strong. And our focus, of course, is on creating great entertainment and captivating and engaging consumers over a long period of time. That's really everything that we're concerned about. Monetization tends to follow. With the significant updates, the monetization results have typically been very strong. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Q2, for recurrent consumer spending, we do expect it to be higher in Q2, and that's due to the growth in the NBA 2K, Social Point, and that's offset by lower GTA Online recurrent consumer spending. 
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. 
Brian Fitzgerald: A couple of questions. Strauss, it's one of the most competitive holiday seasons in years with big games kind of coming every week in October. How do you think about the market this holiday? And then when you were wondering and when you think about what kind of dynamics you're seeing around early access programs, around things like anniversary and deluxe editions, has it changed from what you've seen in previous years, maybe from last year with tip-off? Any comments around early access? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, thanks for your questions, Brian. We're always worried about the competition. We never take anything for granted, and we don't claim success early. We do our best to create phenomenal entertainment and market it effectively, and then we explain what happened. And we have enormously high expectations for October with the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. We take the competition seriously. We're really excited about the release. I would just note, you don't have to go back too many years when holiday season was inundated, when people basically only released frontline products in holiday season, and this company performed well at that time as well. So I think it all comes down to quality. In terms of the benefits of early access and other programs, we do have all those kinds of programs. We do believe in them as long as you have something great to consumers that consumers want. So it has worked well for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Handler of MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Just curious about NBA. I'm wondering if you're seeing any type of parallel with every 1% incremental units sold in a year or 2% or whatever you want to -- whatever the number you put into it. How much extra digital revenue does that help drive? I wonder if you could give us some metrics around that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So you're right. Obviously, as we sell incremental units and have more success, we also have more engagement, and therefore, we typically have incremental recurrent consumer spending. So success breeds success. And we don't actually describe the linear relationship, but we are aware of it. 
Eric Handler: But is it safe to assume that the percentage growth that you're getting in units and revenue from the core game, you're seeing faster growth on the digital side? So the digital growth is outpacing the growth of the game itself or the recurrent revenue part of digital is outpacing the game itself? 
Strauss Zelnick: I want to make sure I understand. Are you talking about the percentage of full game units that are digitally distributed? Or are you talking about recurrent consumer spending? Or are you talking about both? 
Eric Handler: I'm talking about the recurrent consumer spending relative to the core game. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. As we do a better job with both the game and with opportunities for ongoing engagement, recurrent consumer spending continues to rise. 
Lainie Goldstein: And we expect in Q2, recurrent consumer spending on NBA to grow and for it to be up for the full year. 
Eric Handler: I'm sorry, Lainie, could you say that again? You're expecting the games to grow... 
Lainie Goldstein: We're expecting growth in recurrent consumer spending for NBA 2K in Q2 and for the full year. 
Eric Handler: Okay. Great. And then just one quick question. Have you been buying back any stock since the end of the quarter? Are you willing to comment on that? 
Strauss Zelnick: We make those announcements after the end of the quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Merwin of Goldman Sachs. 
Christopher Merwin: Can you guys hear me okay? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we hear you just fine. 
Christopher Merwin: Okay. Sorry about that. Yes, just a couple of questions, if I could. For Red Dead digital preorders, I noticed that you are giving away GTA Online cash for free, and it also looks like there's a revolver that can be used in Red Dead that showed up in GTA Online. So it seems like there's a strategy there to cross-promote between those 2 titles. I was wondering if you could talk about that strategy a bit more and how you plan to grow both the GTA and Red Dead online community. And then just along those lines, maybe if you could comment on the digital mix of Red Dead preorders and what that looks like so far relative to the overall digital download mix that you reported for fiscal '18. I realized you guided to digital downloads being down in fiscal '19 from the impact of, I guess, a higher physical SKU of Red Dead units. But has that guidance been consistent with what you've seen so far in the preorder data? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In reverse order -- thanks for your question. We don't really talk about how preorders are stacking up digital versus physical. And with regard to potential cross-promotion between Grand Theft Auto and Red Dead Redemption 2, Rockstar Games has employed some creative techniques in cross-promotion. I think they're pretty exciting. Social Club has an awful lot of members, and there are a lot of avid fans, not just for Grand Theft Auto, not just of Red Dead Redemption, but also fans of Rockstar Games. And so I think it's great that there's some cross-promotion going on. But as you know, we always prefer that our labels give more detail on their development and on their promotion and their marketing, and I'm quite certain that Rockstar will do that in the coming months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Just 2. First, a clarification, maybe, Karl, on what you said about an entirely new online multiplayer experience for Red Dead 2. Did I hear that correctly? Is that new to the franchise? Is that new to Rockstar? Please clarify that or add to that comment. I appreciate it. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. There's nothing I'd like -- there's nothing really more to add about that. We just simply said that there's an all-new online experience coming with Red Dead Redemption. There hasn't been any other details given other than that. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. All right. Well, I guess, we'll be excited to find things out when you announce it. Second question on the R&D headcount. It looks like [ ending '17 ] you're close to 3,200, which is up pretty dramatically, call it, from '13, plus 70%. And then thinking about maybe headcount within Rockstar, I'm guessing you're about 1,800, maybe higher R&D professionals, which I'm guessing is maybe up 100% from -- when you released Grand Theft Auto V. And so I'm guessing they're working hard on RDR 2. And then thinking back, I think it was 2010, you had Red Dead Redemption. In 2011, you had L.A. Noire. And of course, that was a co-effort with Team Bondi. In 2012, Max Payne. In '13 you had Grand Theft Auto V. So 4 big games, 4 releases in 4 years. And now since GTA V, headcount may be up 100% within Rockstar. So I guess, the question is, what does this increase in resources within Rockstar provide you in terms of increasing the pace of future releases from Rockstar, where historically it seems they've been agreeable to releasing content on an annual basis? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Michael, we don't really give out that much specificity on headcount. We've made no secret to the fact that we've grown our headcount, and group-wide that's focused on development. But I think your percentages are meaningfully off. In terms of your question, which I really think has to do with development cadence, if I heard it correctly. The business has changed back when -- back 10 years ago, we had a business that involved spending a lot of resources to create a big stand-alone title, putting the title into the marketplace and moving to the next title. And Rockstar Games, with the release of Grand Theft Auto IV, pioneered downloadable add-on content. And ever since that, as you know, our company is focused on finding ways to captivate and engage consumers post-release. Now when we don't have a successful title, of course, we don't have that opportunity. But with success, we were fortunate we had quite a bit of it at both of our core labels, we do have such an opportunity. And that's -- the revenues that come from add-on content, we call recurrent consumer spending, as you know, and that's transformed our business. It's up to 63% of our net bookings in the first quarter. It's nearly half of our business in the last year. So I think we are dealing with a very, very different business. And our development teams now continue to raise the bar creatively for what we do. And that was reflected in Grand Theft Auto V, which is now sold in almost 100 million units. And I'm quite certain that it will be reflected in Red Dead Redemption 2. It's also reflected in the quality of work done at the 2K label, whether that's in our Borderlands franchise or in our basketball program or in other of our programs like Civilizations. So I think your expectation should be that our headcount will grow more. We've made no secret to the fact that we have some wonderful intellectual property, and our constraint is not financial and certainly isn't an appetite for growth. Our constraint is that we are insistent on hiring only the best and the brightest creative talent throughout our organization. Those people are hard to come by. And if we can grow even more rapidly, albeit in a disciplined way, that will allow us to develop and launch even more intellectual property based on our existing franchises and based on new franchises. So that's a long-winded way of saying, our cadence has indeed changed because the opportunity has changed, and our business now is diverse. It includes not just frontline console products, but includes numerous avenues of that lead to recurrent consumer spending, whether that's a free-to-play title in China, the biggest of its kind or mobile titles headquartered in Barcelona or mobile titles coming to you from 2K or massively attractive record-breaking online title Grand Theft Auto Online. And that's without talking about what's to come because we don't know what's to come, but we're pretty optimistic. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Raymond Stochel of Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: Can you talk about how you think about discounting within both for the game Grand Theft Auto V but also the in-game currency? And have you had any changes recently? Please correct me if I'm wrong, but it does seem like you're a little bit more promotional heading into the After Hours update, but certainly that could be LTV-driven. 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't typically spend a whole lot of time talking about our pricing profile. We -- the more successful our titles are, the more price leverage we have, as you would expect. And we've enjoyed a great deal of price leverage historically for our titles. When we need to be promotional, we are. I would say we're exceedingly judicious about physical inventory that we put into the marketplace, which means that we're not under pressure at any given time regarding our pricing policies. But beyond that, we don't give much more color. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Ross of BTIG. 
Mark Kelley: This is Mark Kelley on for Brandon. Just a couple for us. On NBA 2K, recurrent revenue was strong this quarter after a bit of a disappointment last quarter. Can you speak to the strength relative to expectations? And is there anything new Visual Concepts is doing in 2K19 to keep players interested throughout the NBA season? 
Karl Slatoff: This is Karl. So just to answer your first question, which I believe was about Q1. So as Lainie said, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K18 exceeded our expectations for Q1 and was down less than we forecast it to be. And we believe that has been affected by a couple of potentials things, could be some market competition out there, also other games there in the market. Visual Concepts certainly has plans to address continuing to keep people being engaged in a meaningful way longer into the season. So I've got no specifics to share with you right now, but rest assured, Visual Concepts is always working on improving that experience to drive engagement and ultimately which helps our economic situation. What was the second question? 
Lainie Goldstein: That was it. 
Strauss Zelnick: You covered it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Gee of Barclays. 
Ryan Gee: Two, if I may. First on mobile. There is an announcement this morning from Tencent about one of their studios developing a new mobile game based on a popular Western IP. And so with the announcement today of NBA 2K Online 2 launching for PC this fall over there, I don't believe we've heard anything on mobile or that extends to mobile. So can you maybe talk about the opportunity for your NBA franchise on mobile with Tencent, whether that's something you guys have considered? Or just maybe any observations around sports on mobile over there? And then I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We haven't announced anything. I think the notion of a mobile title for NBA 2K in China or broadly in the rest of the world is always interesting. We obviously have a title here. So I think it's an interesting opportunity, but we haven't anything yet to announce. 
Ryan Gee: Okay. It's fair enough. And then maybe thinking longer term, I know last -- end of last year, you guys announced the Private Division and then several projects to go along with those at that time. So I'm curious if there's any sort of update on any of those projects. And ideally, what's the realistic time line that we might be able to see 1 or 2 of those come out? And then kind of along those lines, if you guys have any plans to add additional studios under that umbrella? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we've mentioned a number of the projects that are pending at Private Division. There are 4 of them pending. Right now, what we have in the marketplace is Kerbal Space Program, which we acquired, which is doing really well. We don't have any releases from Private Division in fiscal '19 and more to come on Private Division. But we do have 4 titles about which we're incredibly excited in development. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Uerkwitz of Oppenheimer & Co. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: If we could play Monday morning quarterback for a second and look at the success of GTA Online, it seems like it continuously surprises you. Could you dig down a little bit and share what surprises you? Is it the number of people who continue to buy the game? Is it the number of hours they're playing or the amount they're spending? And then as a follow-up. What have you learned from that, that you think you could apply to like Red Dead online? 
Strauss Zelnick: So I think we'll do the old multiple-choice answer for your first question, which is D, all of the above. The answer is yes. We attribute the long success for the fact that the title just captured the imagination of the public and set a standard not just for our company but for the industry of what a great video game ought to be. And the online experience is so incredibly robust. It allows you to do so many different things that it keeps people engaged on an ongoing basis. And Rockstar Games continues to drop extraordinary unexpected content into the game. So you're right. It defied our expectations. Part of it is when we first released Grand Theft Auto V and we had Grand Theft Auto Online on its heels, we had never done anything like that. We, Take-Two; we, Rockstar Games, has never done anything like that. We didn't know what to expect. And the cadence of its ongoing extraordinary success, too, is new to us. Does it inform how we look at titles that come after? Well, naturally, it does. But the nature of our approach collectively, specifically the nature of Rockstar Games approach, is never to be derivative and always to shatter expectations. And my belief is that Red Dead Redemption 2 will shatter expectations and that the online experience also will be extraordinary but unexpected. And my view is that all great hits are, by their very nature, unexpected. So that's the goal. There's an expectation around the table here. Of course, there's an expectation at Rockstar Games, and there's expectation on the part of consumers. But our job is to exceed those expectations. And fingers crossed, that's what we're all setting out to do. And we couldn't predict it and didn't presume to with regard to Grand Theft Auto V and that we wouldn't presume to with Red Dead Redemption 2. So we're just hard at work, doing the very best job that we can. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first of all, thank you for joining us today. Secondly, I'd like to just say thanks again to all of our colleagues here in New York and all around the world, many of whom are [indiscernible] and many of whom are listening. We have the hardest-working people in show business, and we think the very best, and we're grateful to all of our colleagues for their extraordinary work that's reflected in these results. We're also grateful to our shareholders for your continued support. So thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-05-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Q4 FY '18 earnings call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Hank Diamond. Please go ahead. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 ended March 31, 2018. 
 Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. 
 These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP. And unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that during the fourth quarter, Take-Two delivered growth in net bookings, driven by increased recurrent consumer spending, including better-than-expected results from Grand Theft Auto Online. Our solid performance marked the completion of another outstanding year for Take-Two, highlighted by growth in net bookings, earnings and cash flow along with margin expansion. And of course, our fiscal 2018 operating results greatly surpassed the initial outlook that we provided at the start of the year. 
 During fiscal 2018 and first quarter fiscal 2019, we returned $308 million to our shareholders through the repurchase of 3.1 million shares of our stock at an average price of approximately $99 per share. At fiscal year-end, we had over $1.4 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
 Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continued to exceed our expectations in fiscal 2018, as they have every year since their release, with combined net bookings from the titles growing year-over-year. Grand Theft Auto Online broke monthly audience records in June, July and December, added more new users than in the prior year and delivered its biggest year yet for virtual currency sales. During the fourth quarter, Grand Theft Auto Online generated better-than-expected year-over-year net bookings growth. Rockstar Games achieved these results through the ongoing release of a wide array of free additional content, including during the past fiscal year 4 significant updates coupled with a weekly schedule of new content offerings, and they have much more planned going forward. 
 Grand Theft Auto V is now sold in 95 million units worldwide, reflecting its status as the highest rated title of the current console generation and a must-have game for purchasers of PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The incredible ongoing success of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online underscores Rockstar Games' unparalleled skill at producing iconic entertainment experiences that attract and engage new audiences for years after release. We're confident that Rockstar Games will again set new benchmarks for creative excellence with the October 26 launch of Red Dead Redemption 2, which is their first title developed from the ground-up for the current console generation. 
 Turning to our flagship basketball series. NBA 2K18 continues to expand its audience and is now our highest selling sports title ever, with sell-in to date of over 9 million units, up 17% over last year's release. In addition, our NBA 2K series continues to benefit from growing engagement of recurrent consumer spending. During fiscal 2018, average revenue per user, revenue per hour and unique multiplayer users all increased double digits. And recurrent consumer spending in NBA 2K grew 34% to a new record. We believe there remains a substantial worldwide growth opportunity for NBA 2K, both through traditional and emerging platforms and business models. To that end, earlier this month, the NBA 2K League commenced its inaugural season, which Karl will discuss. 
 Our fiscal 2018 results were also enhanced by a number of other recent releases and catalog titles, including WWE 2K18 and WWE SuperCard, NBA 2K17, Social Point's mobile games, Sid Meier Civilization VI and its add-on content and L.A. Noire. 
 We remain highly focused on our strategy to deliver innovative ways to drive consumer engagement. During fiscal 2018, recurrent consumer spending grew 48% to a new record and accounted for 48% of total net bookings. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. 
 In the free-to-play category, Social Point's mobile games contributed meaningfully to net bookings through its 2 biggest titles, Dragon City and Monster Legends. During the current quarter, we have significant updates planned for both. We view Social Point as an important long-term growth opportunity for Take-Two. 
 Recurrent consumer spending on WWE SuperCard grew over 20%, and the game has now been downloaded nearly 17 million times. During the last fiscal year, 2K released the Season 4 update, which enhanced our popular WWE card battling game with more than 250 new cards, additional tiers and more. 
 And NBA 2K Online remains the #1 PC online sports game in China with over 37 million registered users. In addition, net bookings from add-on content grew more than 40%, led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, particularly the Rise and Fall expansion pack; XCOM 2, particularly War of the Chosen; WWE 2K; and Mafia III. 
 We expect fiscal 2019 to be another year of profitable growth for Take-Two, including both record net bookings and record net cash provided by operating activities, led by the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 along with new annual releases from NBA 2K and WWE 2K. We will also continue to support our titles with offerings designed to drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending. 
 The highly anticipated title from one of 2K's biggest franchises that have been planned for release in the current fiscal year is now planned for launch during fiscal 2020 to allow for additional development time. We remain as excited as ever about this title and expect it to enhance our results next fiscal year. 
 I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge that this year marks the 25th anniversary of Take-Two. Over that time, we've built our company into a diversified and profitable enterprise. In particular, I'm extremely proud that Take-Two is home to our industry's best talent, whose passionate and creative vision consistently captivate and engage audiences around the world. Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to capitalize on the vast opportunities in our industry, including advances in hardware, the ability to drive ongoing engagement through connected experiences and additional content and the continued proliferation of mobile platforms and emerging business models. As a result, Take-Two is poised to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for delivering another great year of creative and financial results for our organization. It's your passion and commitment that drives Take-Two and is reflected in our terrific fiscal 2018 operating results and record net bookings and cash flow outlook for the current year.
 Turning to our recent and upcoming releases. Last month, Rockstar Games released the Grand Theft Auto V Premium Online Edition for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. This comprehensive offering features the complete Grand Theft Auto V store experience, the ever-evolving world of Grand Theft Auto Online and all existing gameplay upgrades and content, including the Doomsday Heist, Gunrunning, Smuggler's Run, Bikers and much more. In addition, purchasers received the Criminal Enterprise Starter Pack, which provides access to a huge range of content, including properties, vehicles, weapons and more. 
 On October 26, Rockstar Games will launch Red Dead Redemption 2, eagerly awaited sequel to one of the label's more critically acclaimed and beloved titles. 2 weeks ago, Rockstar Games unveiled a beautiful cinematic trailer for the game that set the stage for what is shaping up to be another massive entertainment event. Player reaction to the trailer was phenomenal. And last month, Rockstar Games hosted select media outlets at their Rockstar North studio for an extended look at the game. We have been delighted by their first impressions. We could be more excited about the upcoming launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. Rockstar Games will have additional details to share about the game in the coming months. 
 This fall, the next annual installment of NBA 2K will return to the hardwood court with the series' signature style and deep authenticity. This year marks the 20th anniversary of our industry-leading basketball simulation, and we are confident that 2K and Visual Concepts will once again take the series to exciting new heights with the release of NBA 2K19. 
 Also this fall, 2K's WWE series will be back with WWE 2K19, bringing gamers into the virtual squared circle with their favorite WWE superstars, gameplay modes and variety of hard-hitting and ring action. 
 Throughout fiscal 2019, we will continue to support our titles with additional content designed to deepen consumers' experience and drive engagement, including updates for Grand Theft Auto Online, WWE SuperCard and others. In addition, Social Point and 2K will continue to broaden our offerings for mobile devices. 
 Earlier this month, the NBA 2K League, our joint venture with the NBA, kicked off its inaugural season. 102 of the best NBA 2K players were drafted by 17 NBA teams and are competing in a 15-week season, which will conclude with NBA 2K League playoffs and finals in August. While each team is living and training together in their home market, all league play-in tournaments will take place in New York City. In addition, the league has been steadily building its portfolio of partnerships and sponsorships with high-profile brands. 
 Dell is the League's official PC hardware and monitor partner, featuring its elite gaming brand, Alienware. And Intel is powering all PCs with its state-of-the-art 8th Gen processor. Throughout the partnership, Dell and Intel will work with the League to identify new opportunities to innovate and enhance gameplay as the latest technology evolves. Both companies have agreed to make significant marketing commitments, including sponsoring the League's halftime show. 
 Twitch has signed on as the League's official live streaming partner for games throughout the season, including weekly matchups, 3 in-season tournaments, playoffs and the NBA 2K League Finals. This live stream includes various talent providing commentary, analysis and additional League updates. 
 And last week, the League announced 2 official sponsorships, Scuf Gaming controllers and HyperX gaming headsets. We look forward to watching the continued progress and growth of the League, which has the long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a meaningful driver of profits for our company. 
 China remains another long-term emerging growth opportunity for Take-Two. Building on the popularity of NBA 2K Online, 2K and Tencent are teaming up again to codevelop and release the title's highly anticipated successor, NBA 2K Online 2. This new game is based on the console edition of NBA 2K and features 2K's legendary gameplay, 27 customizable position types, new player trading systems, eSports-optimized features, localized commentary and more. NBA 2K Online 2 is currently in closed beta testing and is planned for commercial release this fall. 
 In addition, we are pleased to expand our successful partnership with Tencent with last month's announcement that Kerbal Space Program will be released on Tencent's WeGame distribution platform as a premium PC game at a date to be determined. We're excited about Tencent's WeGame platform and the opportunity to grow our business in China. 
 We're also very enthusiastic about the long-term potential of Private Division, our new publishing label that is dedicated to bringing titles from top independent developers to market. Private Division currently has contracts to publish several upcoming titles based on new IT from renowned industry talent, including Panache Digital Games, The Outsiders, Obsidian Entertainment and V1 Interactive. Private Division will seek to add to its already impressive roster development partners throughout the world, and we look forward to its future announcements. 
 Next month at E3 in Los Angeles, we will have a corporate booth on the show floor. We will not be showing any new products, but we will be holding business development, Investor Relations, media and sales meetings throughout the show. 
 Looking ahead, we have a strong development of pipeline across our labels, which includes new releases from our popular series along with groundbreaking new IP. With our unwavering commitment to delivering the highest quality entertainment experiences that keep our audiences engaged, Take-Two is better positioned than ever to provide value to our customers and to generate growth and profits over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 results and then review our financial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2019. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release. 
 As mentioned by Strauss, our solid fourth quarter results mark the completion of an outstanding fiscal 2018 for Take-Two, during which we delivered operating results that greatly surpassed the initial outlook we provided at the start of the year. These results were driven primarily by the sustained outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, coupled with record results from NBA 2K. 
 Starting with the fourth quarter. Our operating metric total bookings grew to $411 million, and net cash provided by operating activities exceeded our expectations. Digitally delivered net bookings grew 12% to $333 million and accounted for 81% of the total. 
 Turning to some details from our fourth quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue decreased by 21% to $450 million, and cost of goods sold decreased 40% to $189 million. Operating expenses increased by 19% to $173 million, due primarily to higher R&D expense and a full quarter of expenses from Social Point, which we acquired in January 2017. And GAAP net income was $91 million or $0.77 per share as compared to $99 million or $0.89 per share in the prior year period. 
 Turning to our fiscal 2018 results. Total net bookings grew 5% to $2 billion, driven principally by growth from Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, along with the full year of results from Social Point, partially offset by a lighter release slate. Of this amount, 58% were digitally delivered net bookings, which grew 25% to a new record of $1.35 billion. Our digitally delivered net bookings were driven by record recurrent consumer spending, which is partially offset by lower full game downloads due to fiscal 2018's lighter release slate. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities grew 19% to $394 million, which exceeded our most recent outlook of $300 million and was more than double our original outlook at the start of the year. And we spent $62 million on capital expenditures. At fiscal year-end, our cash and short-term investments balance was over $1.4 billion. 
 As a result of favorable market conditions, we were able to repurchase 1.5 million shares of our stock for $155 million during fiscal 2018 and an additional 1.6 million shares for $153 million during fiscal first quarter 2019 to date. 
 Turning to some details from our fiscal 2018 income statement. GAAP net revenue increased to $1.8 billion, and cost of goods sold decreased by 12% to $898 million. Operating expenses increased by 14% to $759 million, due primarily to a full year of expenses from Social Point as well as higher R&D, stock-based compensation and reorganization costs, which are partially offset by a lower marketing expense. And GAAP net income increased by 158% to $174 million or $1.54 per share. 
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2019 financial outlook. Starting with the fiscal first quarter. We expect net bookings to range from $215 million to $265 million. The largest contributors are expected to be Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K18 and Social Point. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $345 million to $395 million and cost of goods sold to range from $83 million to $109 million. 
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $190 million to $200 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 12% increase over last year, driven by higher R&D and stock compensation expense. We expect GAAP net income to range from $62 million to $74 million or $0.53 to $0.63 per share. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We expect net bookings to range from $2.67 billion to $2.77 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 37% increase over fiscal 2018, driven primarily by the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 and expected growth from NBA 2K, which we forecast to be partially offset by lower net bookings from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. 
 We expect net bookings from recurrent consumer spending to increase modestly and digitally delivered net bookings to grow by 15% to 20%. The largest contributors to net bookings are expected to be Red Dead Redemption 2, NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, WWE 2K and Social Point. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 55% Rockstar Games, 40% 2K and 5% Social Point and other. And we expect our geographic net booking split to be about 55% United States and 45% international. 
 We expect to generate approximately $710 million in net cash provided by operating activities, up 80% over last fiscal year. And we plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.41 billion to $1.43 billion. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to range from $885 million to $925 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 19% increase over the prior year, driven by higher marketing, personnel and IT expenses. We expect GAAP net income to range from $180 million to $211 million or $1.53 to $1.80 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 20%, down 2 percentage points from prior year, due to the recent tax reform legislation. 
 In closing, fiscal 2018 was another great year for Take-Two. Our ability to deliver growth in net bookings, earnings and cash flow despite an unusually light release slate, reflects the strength of our core franchises and our ability to drive engagement with and recurrent consumer spending on our titles for years after launch. We are very excited about our outlook for fiscal 2019, which is poised to be a record year for both net bookings and net cash provided by operating activities. Over the long term, our company has accretive assets, operational discipline and financial foundation to generate growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another successful year for our organization. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is with Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: Did you say the GTA exceeded your expectations and grew year-over-year in the quarter? Or was that the full year fiscal '18? And if you were referring to the March quarter where it was the GTA exceeded your expectations, given bookings came in at the lower end of the March quarter guidance range, was there something else within the overall mix that disappointed versus your internal expectations? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, Mike. In fact, Grand Theft Auto Online was up year-over-year, was up in the quarter, another record year. And we had previously expanded our guidance for the year. We guided up. And in the fourth quarter, NBA 2K Online didn't do quite as well as we expected when we had guided up. 
Michael Olson: Okay. And then it sounds like there's not a new content drop for GTA Online in the June quarter. So would that explain maybe the difference between -- obviously, you're not in control of what consensus does, but the difference between your guidance and consensus? I guess, the best way to look at it that you essentially have a tough comp off of GTA Online content that hits last year's June quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, you asked and answered your question correctly, which is to say, we have the Gunrunning update in last year's fourth quarter. It isn't a direct comp. And we said over and over again, it's very hard to look at this company from a quarter-by-quarter comping situation, because we're driven by our content. Now we're very fortunate that we have such a strong catalog and we have such strong recurrent consumer spending. The company certainly looks a lot different than it used to look. But even so, we are beholden to what content we create. So period-to-period is not often a good comp. That's really the reason. We believe the consensus is off. 
Operator: Our next question with Tim O'Shea with Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: Just looking at the recurrent consumer spending, is it possible to quantify the impact you saw this quarter from Fortnite? Strauss, you mentioned NBA 2K Online didn't do as well. I'm just curious if you attribute any of that to Fortnite. And then maybe if you could just comment on GTA Online, specifically if there was anything you noticed with respect to engagement or monetization as Fortnite started to gain steam through the quarter? 
Lainie Goldstein: Okay. You probably want to take on the Fortnite part. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sure. Tim, sorry, with regard to your question about fourth quarter -- first of all, I misspoke earlier, it was NBA 2K, not NBA 2K Online. That was not quite at our revised expectations for the quarter. In terms of what the competitive landscape was, there's no doubt there are a couple of big hits in the marketplace, Fortnite and PUBG and their big hits. That creates a lot of benefits. We think it brings new players into the market. And it just shows what a robust industry that we operate in. Naturally, we would like to have all the hits. I don't think that's necessarily a realistic goal. It's pretty hard to determine what competitive landscape effects are, however, because entertainment properties compete with each other, with themselves and with nothing at all. So entertainment is a nice-to-have, not a must-have good. So it's impossible to determine whether a particular title had an impact, although I think we've all observed that Fortnite has created a lot of activity around it. And in terms of your question around Grand Theft Auto Online, we had a record year, we had a record quarter and the title continues to perform extraordinarily. 
Operator: Our next question is with Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: So wonder if you could talk a little bit about Social Point. I remember in last year's guidance based on the percentage of net bookings, you were sort of looking for about $100 million. I'm not sure if you ever updated it about where Social Point finished. Now just sort of doing some back-of-the-envelope calculations based on the midpoint of your net bookings guidance, you're looking about $136 million of revenue. Maybe you could talk about some of the key drivers for Social Point this year. Are they -- is it -- are we getting more updates? Are we getting any new games? And what you expect there? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, Social Point is doing just fine. Dragon City and Monster Legends are their 2 big hit titles in the market. Those will continue to drive the bulk of their results. In the fourth quarter, profits were up from Social Point. The drivers this year will be how those games perform and potentially how some upcoming titles perform depending on the release schedule naturally. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. Also, for Social Point and some of our mobile titles, we have some change in accounting, where we need to gross up the accounting for it instead of showing it net. So that's the difference that you're seeing in terms of the growth number for the net bookings. 
Eric Handler: Okay. And then, Lainie, just as a follow-up for you. Just looking at your numbers and the guidance, it's -- you're projecting a record operating cash flow number. But it doesn't seem like you're projecting a record EPS. So I'm just curious, is there any accounting reversals or puts -- when you think of the puts and takes, the difference between EPS and operating cash flow, is -- what's sort of impacting that? 
Lainie Goldstein: So since our business mix is weighted a little bit towards the new releases, we're having some higher software development costs in the year and then also the marketing that's associated with it. So it depends on the timing of the marketing and then also the software development costs. The cash is behind us. 
Operator: Our next question is with Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Great. I'd like to focus a little on next year's guidance. It definitely seems to imply you might have some acceleration in recurrent spend after the first quarter and then a big healthy number for Red Dead. Can you talk about -- if you think some of the recurrent spend growth is going to accelerate in your guidance and besides the 55% of bookings from Rockstar, any other clues you can give us on kind of your expectations for Red Dead? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Red Dead, we don't share unit expectations. But looking at recurrent consumer spending, we'll usually have bigger quarters in our second and third quarters of the year. So you would start to see that be in line with what you've seen in previous years. 
Justin Post: Got it. And when you think about the quality of releases for Grand Theft Auto Online, the quantity of releases, I mean, do you feel like this year is going to compare well to last year? Or how are you thinking about how much content is coming for that? 
Strauss Zelnick: As you know, our labels comment on their upcoming releases and what they're going to look like, and we like it that way. That said, Rockstar Games has said they have much more content coming for Grand Theft Auto Online and they will continue to support it. And obviously, we just enjoyed another record year for Grand Theft Auto Online. 
Operator: Our next question is with Chris Merwin with Goldman Sachs. 
Christopher Merwin: I had another one on the guidance for fiscal '19. It looks like non-GAAP gross margin guidance was just below 50%, which I think is down pretty significantly year-on-year. And of course, you've got Red Dead coming out in the December quarter. So does the full year guidance just reflect the higher software amortization that you called out? Or is it a higher SKU of physical revenue compared to last year? And maybe as a related question, what does your guidance assume for the digital download mix for Red Dead? And just a quick second one, curious if Fortnite has caused you to maybe think about the potential for cross-platform gameplay and which of your titles, do you think, might be well suited for the smaller screen? And then how long would it take to develop a game like that for mobile? 
Lainie Goldstein: So let me take the first one first. When you're talking about next year in our margins, so you are correct that it is driven by the software development costs associated with a new title or a big new release. And then also for our blockbuster titles, typically, they have had higher physical sales instead of digital. So that's also going to move the margin as well. 
Strauss Zelnick: And regarding cross-platform availability, we already make many of our titles available on multiple platforms, including over time sometimes mobile platforms. It all depends on the title, or VR platform. So we take it on a case-by-case basis. And -- but I wouldn't say there's anything about the Fortnite experience that would change our view about platforms, and we're obviously familiar with multiple platforms. We have plenty of games available on mobile platforms, most notably Social Point's games as well as WWE SuperCard and some other titles that come from other of our labels. And Rockstar Games has made titles available on mobile platforms as well. So it really depends on what the opportunity is title-by-title. But I wouldn't say that our outlook about making titles available where consumers are has changed. Our strategy is to be where the consumer is. 
Operator: Our next question is with Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: Two. Just the first one on the NBA eLeague, I appreciate the color on the sponsors and kind of the steps that they've taken. I guess I'd be curious to think about how you all are thinking about the timing need to really get a meaningful impact from monetization. What are the biggest drivers of monetization you see? And then Strauss, maybe kind of most recently, how do you think about the potential for eSports gambling, given the change in legislation? And then kind of bigger picture question on Fortnite. Strauss, what were your biggest learnings from kind of watching the Fortnite phenomenon sort of pop-up about the way you think about the potential future for gaming and the way players come into the game ecosystem? 
Strauss Zelnick: So you've a number of questions there. With regard to the NBA 2K League, we're a couple of weeks in. We're excited by the early experiences. There are a lot of people watching on Twitch, and we think there is a great opportunity. We've said all along that our risk profile is exceedingly low, that the actual exposure if things don't work out the way we'd like is de minimis, certainly not material. And the upside we believe is substantial. However, we haven't included any of that upside in our outlook. And that's sort of the way we tend to conduct business around here. We want to take exceedingly measured risks, and then we report back on them when we have results, and we don't like to overpromote in advance. In terms of where monetization can come from, I think you can -- your expectations would properly be sponsorship, which is going well, it's early days, but it's going very well and media rights also going well. And then eventually, depending on the level of success, of course, you could imagine event-related revenue and merchandise and the like. But again, it's early days and we're gaining new experience as every day passes. In terms of the recent Supreme Court decision on the potential for sports gambling, this will now be left to the states. We certainly think it's a good decision. We think there may indeed be an influence in a positive -- meaningfully positive influence on our business. However, it's not in our current sights. We don't have any expectations right now. Simply observing that there are potential opportunities in the future. And I'd be very surprised if sports gambling didn't intersect with the industry at some point in the relatively near future. In terms of learnings around Fortnite, look, as I said earlier, maybe the biggest learning is just reinforcement of the fact that hits -- big hits by their very nature are unexpected. And then what drives a big hit is innovation, not derivation. And -- I mean, so we're proud of it around here. We put out Red Dead Redemption, the conventional wisdom was that Western titles don't work in the video game business. And Red Dead Redemption was a big hit, and we have extremely high expectations for Red Dead Redemption 2. So I think the fact that Fortnite surprised everyone, particularly given where Fortnite came from, after all what is now in the market was based on a prior release that did not perform all that well. It's just a reflection of the fact that if you innovate and give consumers what they want, you can get an extraordinary result. And while we would love to corner the market in hits, and we certainly see it as our job to do so, we don't have all of the hits and we shouldn't expect to. So -- but I don't think what one takes away from this properly is that a particular approach, a particular mode has suddenly redefined the business. I don't believe that's the case. And in fact, to the contrary, I think if one changed one's business to follow other people's big hits, you'd constantly be playing catch-up. And to say that you wouldn't be in second place is an understatement. You might remain in last place. So it's our job always to innovate, and more often not, that has driven our success. 
Operator: Our next question is with Ben Schachter with Macquarie group. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few questions. On Red Dead, should we expect that consumers will be able to access and purchase extra content immediately after release or it will take time for that to evolve? And on the NBA, Lainie, I think you said we should expect growth from that in FY '19. So what gives you the confidence that we should expect growth? And what happened in the March quarter that drove the underperformance? And then also just on the NBA on League, anything that you can say that was sort of different or unexpected during the launch period? And -- sorry, one more, maybe just in terms of amortizing the capital cost for Red Dead. Given how successful GTA has been over the long term, should we capitalize those costs over a longer period of time for Red Dead and VC historically? 
Strauss Zelnick: So Lainie, why don't you take the last question first and then I'll dive in. 
Lainie Goldstein: So we don't usually share on a title-by-title case amortization. But you can -- if you think about blockbuster titles and how Grand Theft Auto has performed, it would be something that we would look at in terms of how long we would amortize the title over. And we usually look at what our estimated life of that title is going to be. 
Strauss Zelnick: And then on Red Dead, obviously, Rockstar will give clarity on content drops and the like in due time. We're very excited about the October 26 release. Everyone who has experienced the trailer is also excited. And obviously, Rockstar will make further announcements in due time. In terms of NBA and recurrent consumer spending in the fourth quarter, we think there were any number of factors that affected the level of monetization of the title. And Visual Concepts has plans to address those factors in NBA 2K19. We think fiscal 2019 will be another year of growth for NBA 2K, including both unit sales and recurrent consumer spending. So our view is, look, we always have to get better. We pay attention to what the consumer says. We've had an amazing year for our basketball franchise, just amazing, and we expect it to get even better. 
Operator: Our next question is with Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: Could you talk about the nature of the 2K property delay and anything that you could say to give us some confidence in that title after this delay? Of course, any quantification would be helpful. And then also under the 2K label, can you talk about all the changes that are happening at Hangar 13? And what are your thoughts on that studio going forward? 
Karl Slatoff: So in regards to the 2K title, it's simply because it needs more time for development at this point. And in terms of confidence level, when it's going to come out, we're highly confident that this title will certainly be coming out in fiscal year '20, which is what we've said in our statements today. So our confidence level is very high. In terms of Hangar 13, Hangar 13 is a long-standing studio for us, very talented group of folks. We are constantly spending time, figuring out where it is best to put our resources on which projects. And I see what you're seeing there is a reflection of that specifically. We're moving assets around from game-to-game all the time, and the movement that you're seeing is a reflection of just our view on where the best place to deploy our assets are. 
Operator: Our next question is with Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets. 
Gerrick Johnson: In your 2019 guidance, are you planning any marketing spend in 4Q for the 2K new title release? And then also on the NBA 2K League, is Twitch paying for streaming rights? And if so, can you discuss some numbers there? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for our marketing, we do expect to have some marketing and -- for the 2K release for fiscal year of 2020. 
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to the eLeague, our media rights are valuable. And so it's appropriate to assume that there's an economic cost to media rights. However, we're not talking about giving any specific media or sponsorship deals for the league. 
Gerrick Johnson: And Lainie, you cut out, I didn't hear the first part of your answer on the margin spend. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sorry. So for the margin spend for the 2K release, we do expect to have some marketing in this fiscal year for the titles release next year. 
Operator: Our next question is with Ryan Gee with Barclays. 
Ryan Gee: A quick question for Lainie. I think your guidance has called for aligned margins a couple of hundred basis points year-over-year, low 20s. And it sounds from mid-20s this year. So I was hoping you can maybe update us on the way you're thinking about potential margins are for your company. 
Strauss Zelnick: Ryan, we can't hear you. 
Lainie Goldstein: You're breaking out. 
Ryan Gee: Okay. Sorry. Can you hear me now? A question for Lainie on specific on the aligned margin. It looks like the guidance is [indiscernible] a couple of hundred basis points year-over-year. And so I was hoping if you could just give us an update on what you think for the company the potential long-term operating margins are for you maybe for the timeframe or some milestones, how you're thinking about achieving that. And then just a quick follow-up on your NBA 2K franchise. You mentioned new NBA 2K Online 2 in China with Tencent. Anything you can say as to how that -- how significant the original NBA 2K Online is there for you guys financially? And then once that does come out, sort of your expectations around that? 
Lainie Goldstein: Ryan, for our margins, we did talk about that, that for this fiscal year it will be slightly down since we have a big release. So there's higher software development cost and marketing associated with the title. But we expect our margins to expand over the long term. And on a year-by-year basis, they're going to vary based on our release schedule. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of the NBA 2K franchise, we have very high hopes for the NBA 2K Online 2 title. We're obviously in business with Tencent. They're a phenomenal partner. It's a great market. NBA 2K Online has been the #1 T channel and sports title for some time. We have 37 million registered users. So we're phenomenally excited about the upcoming release. It's in closed beta now. It's planned for commercial release in the fall, so stay tuned. 
Operator: Our next question is with Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer & Co. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Strauss, I appreciate your comments regarding Fortnite and your strategy around developing new games. But if you take a look at Fortnite and some of the other titles that have come out over the past couple of years, it seems that there's been an expansion of the market around casual gamers and getting casual gamers to play more and potentially spend more. And it seems like the Rockstar titles tend to focus more on the harder core players. Has some of these recent titles shaped the way you developed or think about developing games for a broader audience and -- along those lines at all? 
Strauss Zelnick: I think the explosion of -- I'm not sure casual is the right term, because I'm not sure people call Fortnite a casual title. But I do think what you're alluding to is right in that the free-to-play revolution, if you will, whether that's mobile or fixed, has been transformative to the business. It's massively increased the size of the business. And we're in the free-to-play business, whether it's a mobile platform or a fixed platform. We're in that business in China. We're in that business at 2K. We're in that business with Social Point. And you're right, it's a huge growth business. What we like about it is some free-to-play games, some particularly free-to-play mobile games speak more to an older demographic, some speak more to a female demographic. There are a lot of people who believe that Fortnite has welcomed into our industry people who didn't previously play video games. Some of that's anecdotal. It's hard to know. But I think, that's right. So this is all good news, and it is news that is not lost on us, hence the Social Point acquisition and our emphasis on free-to-play titles as we grow our core business. That said, what has historically been our stock and trade, the highest quality console games, deep, immersive, many hour experiences that are available at a premium price remains a terribly important business. And while I think hardcore gamers are excited about both -- what both Rockstar and 2K bring to bear, it's worth noting, and forgive me for maybe being immodest about it on behalf of our company and Rockstar Games, but Grand Theft Auto has sold in over 95 million units. And according to others, apart from us, it's the highest grossing, most profitable entertainment product ever made of any sort. So it's not only exciting to a small core, it's exciting to a very, very broad audience. And I think what Rockstar Games has uniquely shown the ability to do is to make the title easy to approach and difficult to master. You can approach Grand Theft Auto and Grand Theft Auto Online in any number of ways. And if you're a hardcore gamer, you can find it super-compelling. And if you're somewhat more casual, you can find the experience super-compelling. And there's so much there now, you can very much define your own experience and create that for many, many hours of wonderful entertainment. And do I think that, that approach to the entertainment business ever becomes antique? I do not. I think that's the nature of the entertainment business. So it's all sort of saying -- it's like in a multiple choice test, all of the above. And that's how we view our obligations around here. We need to be where the audience is. That's one of the reasons that we did the Social Point acquisition, that's the reason that we started the Private Division group, which will bring independent titles to bear. We hope meeting another audience need. That's why we acquired Kerbal Space Program. And that's why we find ourself in the position that we're in today with an incredibly strong balance sheet on the one hand and an incredibly strong creative team on the other. 
Operator: Our next question is with Brandon Ross with BTIG. 
Brandon Ross: A couple. Another one on the margin side. Can you get a little more granular on the percent of -- or give us any more color on the percent of amortization you expect to take on Red Dead this year on a non-GAAP basis? And then just -- the media is undergoing a pretty massive consolidation wave right now, and the video game publishers have not participated to date in that. Why do you think that is? And do you expect that to change in the coming months or years? 
Lainie Goldstein: So on the margin for the amortization of Red Dead, as I said, we don't give that out on a title-by-title basis. But if you think about larger titles and what the lifetime potential of them are and how long they would spread out, that's the best way for you to take a look at that. 
Strauss Zelnick: And on the consolidation point, I think the consolidation that you're seeing or expecting in traditional -- so-called traditional media businesses has been driven by a lack of growth, frankly, and a need to create scale, reduce cost, find cost synergies and the like. And that -- I think that just doesn't apply to such a high-growth business, the one we find ourselves in and our competitors find theirselves in. Historically, the media and entertainment businesses that have tended to consolidate are the ones where a massive portion of your revenue was driven by catalog that's already amortized and doesn't cost that much to continue to create value. And in our business, because of technological change and the importance of frontline releases, catalog is still a relatively small part of the business compared to other mature entertainment businesses. I think you'll start potentially seeing consolidation if and when there's -- we've reached a technological asymptote, and therefore, if and when catalog creeps up well over 50% year-in, year-out, including big frontline release years. Now we performed particularly well on catalogs, so our numbers are necessarily reflective of the industry as a whole. But I think the point stands. And the other piece is, in a business that is frontline-driven, that means if you do consolidate, you are potentially arguing that you're going to have a much greater exposure to frontline shelf space, whether that's digital or physical, than it may be realistic to assume. And of course, the day after you close, you still have to invest in frontline production, frontline marketing, which is costly. So I think you -- as I said, I think you would look for entertainment consolidation as businesses mature and they're either not growing, flat or even potentially declining, and none of that describes the interactive entertainment business. 
Brandon Ross: Do you think there's any merit whatsoever to putting together traditional media assets with video game publishers? 
Strauss Zelnick: Potentially, although so far, we haven't seen it. But I definitely would have thought so. I think years ago, I said I expected such consolidation and it didn't materialize. The facts forced me to change my outlook. I think when you look at the quality of the intellectual property created and owned by ourselves and some of our competitors, it's hard to imagine that there wouldn't be opportunities in other forms of entertainment. And indeed, some of our competitors have entered other forms. So if it makes sense to enter other forms of entertainment at which some traditional media companies are already expert, you would imagine that, that kind of consolidation could have some industrial logic. But I would observe that not only has it not occurred, but that some legacy entertainment companies have in fact exited interactive entertainment of late. 
Operator: Our next question is with Doug Creutz with Cowen. 
Douglas Creutz: You mentioned that you had 4 major GTA Online content updates in the last fiscal year. I was just wondering if you could talk about kind of how you're thinking about the content pipeline shaping up for the next fiscal year. Can you match that kind of cadence? And I think in the past several years, you typically had started the year assuming GTA Online would be down year-over-year. Did you build that kind of conservatism into your guidance as well this year? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of our content updates, Rockstar Games has said that much more content is coming for Grand Theft Auto Online. And obviously, they intend to continue supporting the title. And yes, our guidance does reflect an expectation that the results will moderate this year. 
Operator: Our next question is with Stephen Ju with Crédit Suisse. 
Stephen Ju: Strauss, did 2K or Tencent handle the development of NBA 2K Online 2 and consequently will be handling the distribution of title -- this title outside of the Chinese market? And presumably, you may have plans to release the game in non-console territories. And secondarily -- I mean, there is obviously now hits from studios not affiliated with yourself or some of your publisher peers. So it is said that there are content studios and IP out there that you may think about acquiring and bringing in-house. But deals seem to be pretty few and far between. So has the M&A environment become more difficult? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your questions. with regard to the development of NBA 2K Online with Tencent, that's obviously an arrangement between Tencent and 2K, and both companies are actively involved in bringing that title to market. Social Point is not involved with bringing that title to market. With regard to potential acquisitions, we acquired the Kerbal Space Program intellectual property. We're continuing to develop and release around that title we're excited about. We acquired Social Point. And over the years, we've made numerous other selective acquisitions, typically when we can acquire intellectual property and the team that goes along with it. I don't think the environment is any more challenging than it's been. I think it's been challenging for quite some time, because this has been a growth business for quite some time and there have been some hefty multiples paid. I think we feel that our discipline has really paid off. There are a few things that occur that we feel like we missed the boat on, but precious few. And we much more often dodged the bullet than missed the boat. 
Operator: Our next question is with Mike Hickey with Benchmark. 
Michael Hickey: Curious still, I guess, a bit far away here, but there's been some speculation that we may have a new console from PlayStation in 2020. Obviously, that's not something that you can talk to, but -- I think anyway. But I'm just curious sort of your perspective on what it means to sort of have to still sort of a console cycle type opportunity or challenge. And I'm also wondering how -- you released GTA V at the end of the prior cycle and that are obviously very strategic and opportunistic to release the current gen shortly thereafter. So how you think about that sort of strategic opportunity potentially coming into maybe a new PlayStation box in 2020? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks, Mike, always nice to hear from you, as you'd imagine. I think you know this already, we don't -- we wouldn't have any ability to comment on another company's plans. You'll have to ask them about that. We've -- I think we've navigated transitions in consoles and console releases and other platform releases pretty well around here since we showed up roughly 11 years ago. We're actually really proud of that, because historically, as you know, during a transition period, the challenges can be very significant if you bet wrong in terms of what you're up to, whether that's supporting something new or supporting something old. But again, what's driven that is less corporate cleverness and much more than our labels create the highest quality properties that defy normal behavior and console transition period. So in the last transition period, for example, there was a lot of noise in the marketplace about how challenging it was for catalog product. And this is going back some time. But you've been in the industry a long time, so you'll remember this as I do. And we weren't challenged in the least. We did exceedingly well. Why? Because, I believe, the quality of our catalog was so high and is so high. And that's why, for example, our catalog sells more per SKU than, I think, any other company in the business. So I think because we have a limited number of the highest quality releases and because our titles tend to do well as catalog titles, transition periods create somewhat less risk for us. We're not the only one with a massive tonnage of SKUs that we have to make decisions about. And because our titles are typically very, very high quality, they can continue to perform as new platforms are released. So obviously, Grand Theft Auto V was developed for the last generation, and yet it remains the standard bearer for this generation, which is extraordinary and something that we are grateful to Rockstar for and incredibly proud of. So in the event that there are new platforms, we'll make decisions about what to support based on our view of potential success. I would observe that the PC platform has become a very, very important part of what we do, driven by digital distribution. And that was not the case for so-called console titles 10 years ago, and it is the case now. Does that mean that the business is flattening out and everything becomes open and we don't care what brand is on the box? Not in the least. I wouldn't rule out the possibility of more generations. However, it does get us closer to a point where we truly can be platform agnostic as an industry. And I would say we're not there yet, but that day will come. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we've kept you all long enough. We're really proud of our results. We're grateful to our creative colleagues, who drive these results. We're grateful to our business colleagues, who keep the trains running on time. We're grateful to our marketing and distribution colleagues, who we believe are the best in the business. This company has a wonderful culture and enjoys terrific results on a consistent basis. We're proud of that. And for those of you attending the call today, our shareholders and those who follow us, thanks so much for your support and interest. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-02-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Take-Two Q3 Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Hank Diamond, Senior VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2018 ended December 31, 2017.
 Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP. And unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are year-over-year. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that during the holiday quarter, Take-Two benefited from high consumer demand for our offerings, enabling our company to deliver both strong net bookings and net cash provided by operating activities.
 Our results were highlighted by record recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K18, robust ongoing sales of Grand Theft Auto V and the successful launch of WWE 2K18. As a result of our outstanding third quarter performance and increased fourth quarter forecast, we've raised our fiscal 2018 outlook for net bookings.
 2017 was the best year yet for Grand Theft Auto Online, capped off by an epic December that saw more players in the game than ever before. During the fiscal third quarter, Grand Theft Auto Online substantially exceeded our expectations and remained the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending. Rockstar Games has driven sustained engagement through the ongoing release of a rich array of free new content, led by the massive Doomsday Heist, which is the biggest update for Grand Theft Auto Online to date, as well as Festive Surprise 2017, special Halloween content and additional themed content drops for Smuggler's Run.
 Also, Rockstar Games released the Criminal Enterprise Starter Pack, which gives players access to a wide range of the most exciting and popular additions to Grand Theft Auto Online plus $1 million in GTA virtual currency. Rockstar Games will continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online with more new content going forward.
 Although, we launched over 4 years ago, during 2017, Grand Theft Auto V was the #3 selling game in units and #6 selling game in revenue based on combined U.S. digital and physical sales across PC, console and portable according to The NPD Group. The title remains the must-have video game especially, as the installed base of current generation consoles continues to grow and is now sold in more than 90 million units. The unparalleled longevity and success of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online is a testament to Rockstar Games' ability to deliver entertainment experiences that set new creative benchmarks and appeal to a broad range of audiences around the world.
 Turning to our annual sports releases. NBA 2K18 delivered better-than-expected net bookings during the holiday quarter. The title was sold in over 8 million units to date, up nearly 25% over the prior year's release. And digitally delivered sales have increased significantly. NBA 2K18 was the second highest selling game of 2017, both in revenue and units based on combined U.S. digital and physical sales across PC, console and portable according to The NPD Group. Our NBA 2K series also continues to benefit from growth and engagement and recurrent consumer spending. To date, total users and average daily users of NBA 2K18 on current generation platforms are up more than 20% over last year. And during the third quarter, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew 33%. We expect NBA 2K18 to become our most successful sports title ever, both in terms of units sold and recurrent consumer spending. Even with its tremendous success, we believe there remains a substantial worldwide growth opportunity for NBA 2K. 
 In October, 2K successfully launched WWE 2K18, the latest installment of our popular WWE simulation-based series. The title has been supported with an array of postlaunch downloadable content, including a season pass. The WWE brand is as popular as ever, and we believe there's a substantial long-term opportunity to grow our WWE 2K series by leveraging further the development and marketing expertise of 2K and Visual Concepts.
 Our results also benefited from a number of other titles led by new versions of Rockstar Games blockbuster detective thriller, L.A. Noire, for Nintendo Switch, PS4 and Xbox One as well as mobile games from our Social Point studio. In addition, Rockstar Games released L.A. Noire: The VR Case Files for the HTC VIVE system, which is now one of the industry's top-rated virtual reality experiences and winner of UploadVR's best Vive Game award for 2017.
 Today, the highest quality entertainment experiences must provide new and innovative ways for audiences to stay captivated and engaged for longer periods of time. We're committed to this strategy and its successful execution has enabled us to deliver better-than-expected net bookings from recurrent consumer spending, which grew 44% to a new record and accounted for 40% of total net bookings in the third quarter.
 In addition to Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. In the free-to-play category, Social Point's mobile games continue to be a meaningful contributor to net bookings through its two biggest titles; Dragon City and Monster Legends. We view Social Point as an important long-term growth opportunity for Take-Two. Recurrent consumer spending on WWE SuperCard grew 25% and the game has now been downloaded more than 16.5 million times. 2K released a Season IV update, which features 250 new cards, additional tiers and more. And NBA 2K Online remains the #1 PC online sports game in China with over 36 million registered users.
 Also, net bookings from add-on content grew more than 20%, led by WWE 2K18, Sid Meier's Civilization and XCOM 2. Rockstar Games has announced that Red Dead Redemption 2 will launch on October 26, 2018. We continue to expect to deliver both record net bookings and record net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2019 in excess of $2.5 billion and $700 million, respectively, led by the launches of Red Dead Redemption 2 and a highly anticipated new title from one of 2K's biggest franchises.
 Interactive entertainment has captured the imagination of audiences for decades. And is one of today's most exciting and popular art forms. Advances in technology as well as new platforms and business models continue to enhance our team's ability to express their creative visions and to provide connected experiences that drive vast consumer engagement.
 Whether AAA titles from Rockstar Games and 2K, exciting new IP from independent developers or offerings within emerging area such as mobile and eSports, Take-Two is incredibly well positioned to provide value to customers and returns for shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. In December, Take-Two announced an important initiative, the formation of Private Division, a new publishing label that is dedicated to bringing titles from top independent developers to market. Our groundwork for Private Division began over 2 years ago, and its mission is to empower independent studios to develop games about which they're passionate, while providing the support they need to make their titles critically and commercially successful on a global scale. There are a growing number of independent studios in the industry that have top talent and are focused on creating high-quality new IP. Private Division was formed to enable our company to benefit from this trend by partnering with the best independent developers to bring incredible experiences to gamers around the world.
 Private Division currently has contracts to publish several upcoming titles based on new IP from renowned industry talent, including the previously announced Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey from Panache Digital Games led by Assassin's Creed creator, Patrice Désilets, an unannounced RPG currently codenamed Project Wight from The Outsiders led by David Goldfarb, who was formerly a senior game designer at DICE and Starbreeze Studios, an unannounced RPG from Obsidian Entertainment led by Tim Cain and Leonard Boyarsky, co-creators of Fallout, and an unannounced sci-fi first-person shooter from V1 Interactive, a studio founded by Halo co-creator, Marcus Lehto. In addition, Private Division is the publisher of Kerbal Space Program, which we acquired in May 2017. We're very excited about the long-term potential for Private Divisions to be a meaningful contributor to revenues and profits. 
 I will discuss our recent releases and development pipeline. On January 16, Private Division, Squad and BlitWorks released Kerbal Space Program Enhanced Edition, a new console version of the beloved space simulation game for digital download on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Kerbal Space Program Enhanced Edition was built from the ground up to include reworked and console-optimized UI, a new control scheme exclusively for consoles and more ways to enjoy launching spaceships into orbit. Sales of the title are outperforming our expectations.
 Later this quarter, on March 13, Private Division will release Kerbal Space Program: Making History Expansion for PC, adding rich new content to the series, including a mission builder and history pack. We view Kerbal Space Program as a long-term franchise that complements our portfolio of owned intellectual property.
 Tomorrow, 2K and Firaxis Games will release Sid Meier’s Civilization VI: Rise and Fall, the expansion pack for the critically-acclaimed and award-winning strategy title for PC. Civilization VI: Rise and Fall brings new choices and strategies for players as they guide a civilization through Dark Ages and Golden Ages with the help of Governors and the new Loyalty systems. With this expansion's array of new features, players will be both challenged and rewarded in ways never before seen during the 26-year history of the Civilization franchise.
 This quarter, Social Point will release significant updates for its two biggest games; Dragon City and Monster Legends, and is also working on a number of exciting new titles planned for launch over the next 2 years.
 Turning to eSports. Both our team and the NBA continue to prepare for the May 2018 launch of the NBA 2K League. Last month, 72,000 players from around the world participated in the League's qualifying round and fulfilled the 50 Pro-Am game requirement. This month, the League will complete its registration process and then we'll host a series of in-game events during February's combine. This will determine the best NBA 2K players in the world, who will be available in the March draft for 17 teams participating in the inaugural season. We're very pleased with the progress of the NBA 2K League and look forward to expanding our presence in competitive gaming, which has a long-term potential to enhance engagement and to be a meaningful driver of profits for our company.
 Looking ahead, we've a strong development pipeline across our labels, including both new releases from our industry-leading portfolio and groundbreaking original intellectual property. We remain committed to delivering the highest quality entertainment experiences and supporting them with innovative offerings designed to drive audience engagement. These are incredibly exciting times for both our company and our industry. Take-Two is better positioned than ever to capitalize on our many opportunities to generate growth and profits over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our third quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance.
 As Strauss mentioned, we delivered outstanding results in the third quarter driven by the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, continued robust sales of Grand Theft Auto V and the successful launch of WWE 2K18.
 Total net bookings were $654 million, near the high end of our outlook range. Of this amount, 58% were digitally-delivered net bookings, which grew 6% to $380 million. Our digitally-delivered net bookings were driven by record recurrent consumer spending, which was partially offset by lower full game downloads due to this year's lighter holiday release slate.
 We generated strong cash provided by operating activities of $203 million, and we deployed $50 million for capital expenditures. As a result of favorable market conditions, we were able to spend $110 million to repurchase 1.06 million shares of our stock at an average price of $103.54. As of December 31, we had more than $1.3 billion in cash and short-term investments.
 Turning to some details from our third quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue exceeded our outlook and grew to $481 million. Cost of goods sold decreased by 14% to $268 million. Operating expense increased by 5% to $204 million due primarily to the inclusion of Social Point as well as higher stock-based compensation and headcount expenses, which were partially offset by lower marketing expense. Operating expenses were lower than our expectations due primarily to the timing of marketing campaigns. And GAAP net income exceeded our outlook, increasing to $25 million or $0.21 per share.
 Our GAAP results reflect a $30 million net tax benefit, which was driven primarily by changes in valuation allowance, release of unrecognized cap benefits due to statute expirations and the net effective changes resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Tax benefit had no effect on our management reporting tax rate, which is 22% for fiscal 2018. We are in the process of evaluating whether the recent tax legislation will reduce our management reporting tax rate in fiscal 2019. We expect to provide more clarity on our fourth quarter earnings call.
 Now I'll review the highlights of our fiscal 2018 financial outlook, starting with the fiscal fourth quarter. We expect net bookings to range from $410 million to $460 million. At the midpoint, this represents 7% growth over the prior-year period. The largest contributor to the net bookings outlook are Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K18 and WWE 2K18. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $450 million to $510 million and cost of goods sold to range from $196 million to $225 million. Operating expenses are forecasted to range from $190 million to $200 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 34% increase over last year driven by the inclusion of Social Point as well as higher marketing and R&D expense. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $87 million to $99 million or $0.73 to $0.83 per share.
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. As a result of our strong third quarter results and improved forecast for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our outlook for net bookings. We now forecast net bookings to range from $1.99 billion to $2.04 billion, up from our prior outlook of $1.93 billion to $2.03 billion. At the midpoint, this represents 6% growth over the prior year despite a lighter release slate driven primarily by growth from NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto as well as inclusion of a full year of net bookings from Social Point. We continue to expect net bookings from recurrent consumer spending to increase approximately 50% and digitally-delivered net bookings to grow around 25%. The largest contributor to our net bookings outlook are Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K and WWE 2K. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 50% 2K, 45% Rockstar Games and 5% Social Point and Other. And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international.
 We continue to expect to generate approximately $300 million in net cash provided by operating activities. And we plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditures.
 Turning to our income statement. We are increasing our outlook for both GAAP net revenue and GAAP net income. We expect GAAP net revenue to grow to a range of $1.8 billion to $1.85 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $905 million to $934 million. Total operating expenses are forecasted to range from $776 million to $786 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 17% increase over the prior year driven by the inclusion of Social Point, higher R&D expense and higher stock-based compensation expense. And we expect GAAP net income to range -- to increase to a range of $170 million to $181 million or $1.50 to $1.60 per share.
 In closing, the continued positive momentum of our business reflects Take-Two's ability to exceed its goal, to a firm commitment, to creative leadership, innovation and operational excellence. As we near the close of fiscal 2018, which will be another year of net bookings, revenue and earnings growth for our organization, we remain focused on our many opportunities to expand our business and increase profit. To that end, we expect fiscal 2019 to be a record year for both net bookings and net cash provided by operating activities, and the long-term future of our company has never been more promising.
 Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another strong quarter for our organization. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support.
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Actually, 2 questions for you. Strauss, just as you look into fiscal '19 and using your guys' words, I mean, you have a highly anticipated gain from the 2K studio. One would presume that is a game that's well known, either BioShock or Borderlands -- a new Borderlands title, many people are thinking Borderlands. Given that you have decent lead times for these games from a marketing perspective, that would seem to suggest it's a back half of the year title. Then it becomes a question of would you want it to compete in the December quarter against Red Dead and assuming probably not, then it becomes a March quarter title. And you think about the March quarter versus an October quarter, which would be fiscal -- or December quarter, sorry, which would be fiscal '20. Can you talk about how you feel about some of these games coming in a March quarter versus coming in the holiday quarter and how you think about that with some of the big 2K games? And then secondly, it was good to see capital being returned to shareholders, $100 million in the share buyback. Just curious why you think that this quarter was a good use of that capital versus prior quarters, when the share price was lower? 
Strauss Zelnick: We've released titles all over the calendar year. And the only period of time that we tend to avoid a big frontline release would be sort of the dog days of July. And so -- otherwise, our release dates are driven by when a title is ready, and when a title is ready to us is when we -- our studios believe they've optimized the quality of what we can do. And that's how we'll continue to look at it going forward. More specific information will come from our labels as always. And in terms of a buyback, we've always said that we would look to do a buyback at deep value. And that is in the eye of the beholder -- the management teams' audit by buying back over $100 million of stock at $103 a share. And in terms of why we might have or might not have done it earlier, we have done buybacks earlier. We bought back about 300, a little less than $300 million worth of stock in the past several years, admittedly at lower prices. With the benefit of hindsight, we should have bought as much as we possibly could buy when the stock was lower -- and actually would you have that benefit prospectively. And we're always balancing our perception of the value of the enterprise with the solidity of our balance sheet and do have other uses for cash, supporting organic growth, which has really been the story around here, supporting inorganic growth, and we did a meaningful acquisition last year. And of course, returning capital to the shareholders appropriately. So I wouldn't say that we've optimized perfectly. I think that's very hard to do. I wouldn't say that we see ourselves as stock pickers or even stock price pickers even with regard to home security. And our focus is heads down building this business. We do run a very, very disciplined operation, particularly on the financial side. Thanks to Lainie and the team. As you know, we do everything we can to mitigate risk, and that includes the nature of our balance sheet. 
Eric Handler: And just as a quick follow up to that, given that you're buying -- you were buying back some stock. Is that a reflection at all that there's just not a lot to buy right now in the M&A market? 
Strauss Zelnick: No, we still think there's plenty of opportunity. We're very selective about those opportunities. We've talked about this in the past. And I think we worked -- we have a terrific corporate development team. We look at everything that's potentially available. And one of the things you ask yourself is as I look back, and we've been around here for a better part of 10 years. As I look back, are there things I wish I would have done prior to which they got done. And I suppose there are couple of transactions that we're falling to that category, but precious few. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Merwin with Goldman Sachs. 
Christopher Merwin: I just had a couple. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the growth in recurrent consumer spend is still obviously a very impressive number on an absolute basis, but it did slow up significantly from fiscal 2Q. So just was wondering if you could talk about what the main cause of that was, maybe just large numbers, but any color there would be appreciated? And just a second question on Social Point. I think you mentioned that asset continued to perform really well, I was just wondering if you could update us on its contribution to total revenue or growth rate there? And then just as a related question, if you see an opportunity to take any of your IP from Rockstar, Take-Two and leverage Social Point developers to release that on mobile? 
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of recurrent consumer spending, it is continuing to grow for us. It is the a focus for us in all of our games. For instance, for GTA Online, Q3 was our biggest quarter ever and it's up significantly over last year. So we're still very focused on it. We think there's a lot more opportunity there. And we're focused on our NBA game as well for recurrent consumer spending. 
Strauss Zelnick: Right, the changes in between quarters, we're not -- it's a very hard to comp quarter-to-quarter because titles expand and certain times contract even in the context of continued growth. And there is seasonality -- little bits of seasonality in our business. So you wouldn't -- you can't really comp quarter-to-quarter or even quarter -- same quarter over prior-year quarter. Those comps just don't make sense. For example, our third quarter was quite different this year -- this fiscal than the prior fiscal because we had a different release schedule. On your question about Social Point. Social Point and the Private Division games, I think, represent around 5% of our revenue. So it's still a relatively small percent of our revenue. We're excited about the potential growth in that area. In terms of intellectual property, Social Point's mission is to create and build endemic made-for-mobile properties. And those are the properties that tends to do best in the mobile space. And it is true, 2K has done really well with WWE SuperCard. We've done well with our NBA App, and we expect to continue to support titles like that through the 2K division. Social Point certainly has the ability to work with both internal labels and external labels, unlicensed properties. But generally speaking, we think the best way to go is to make titles that are meant for the business channel, the consumer channel at hand and to own that intellectual property. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: A couple questions. First, it looks like your recurrent consumer spending in your prepared remarks was better than expected. But you're kind of in the range this quarter versus the last few quarters beat. So I was just wondering if anything kind of missed your expectations or was below forecast on the packaged goods or other revenue side? And then Lainie, I just wanted to -- it looks like the balance sheet, the convertibles off the balance sheet, just want to confirm that? And what's a good share count to you? Is the 118 million non-GAAP reported in the quarter a good fully diluted share count to use? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. No, everything is going better than expected. We obviously did much better than expected in the quarter, pretty much across the board where it counts. And we were at the very high end of our range in terms of net bookings and obviously, the cash flow provided by operating activities is meaningfully better than expectations. And we've guided up for the year. So we're excited about how things continue to unfold. NBA 2K is up 25% year-over-year, and was the #2 selling title in 2017. And Grand Theft Auto V, 4 years after its initial release, was actually the #3 selling title according to The NPD Group in terms of units in 2017. We had more users than ever playing Grand Theft Auto Online in the third quarter. We're expecting another record year for Grand Theft Auto Online. So everything is going better than expected. And we do have pretty high expectations around here. Lainie will talk about the share count. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the convert that's left on the balance sheet, so we still have debt of about $13.8 million, and it represents about a little bit approximately 500,000 shares that are left. All the shares have been moved into the share count. So for Q4, you see our press release, we have 118.5 million shares in the count and for the full year 119.5 million shares. Sorry, it's 118 for the full year. 
Karl Slatoff: And Justin, that's all laid out in our press release. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Gee with Barclays. 
Ryan Gee: I appreciate the color on GTA Online players. I just wanted to ask about revenue. Did you say in your prepared remarks that GTA Online spend is also a record for this quarter? And then when you think about the Doomsday Heist, that obviously launched late in December. So could we expect that content to be in an even larger tailwind for [ RCS ] as we move into fiscal 4Q and into fiscal '19? And then I have just one follow up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, you're right, that things have gone really well for Grand Theft Auto Online in the third quarter. It performed better than expected. And we think a big part of that performance is Rockstar's ongoing content drops, which have been nothing short of phenomenal. And Rockstar Games has said they intend to support Grand Theft Auto Online with more content going forward. And we did have a record number of users. 
Lainie Goldstein: We had a record quarter in Q3. 
Ryan Gee: And then is there any new content updates for GTA Online implied into the guidance for fiscal 4Q at all? 
Lainie Goldstein: In fiscal -- in Q4, we included higher GTA online revenues over last year, but not as high as Q3 because that was a record quarter for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I had a couple questions on NBA 2K. Wondering if you could talk about what kinds of tactics you're using in NBA 2K18 to drive the significant growth in recurrent consumer spend? And then secondly, on eSports. Do you view the NBA 2K League as more of a potential revenue driver or more of a marketing halo for increased engagement in the game? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, remember, our strategy is always to captivate and engage consumers. And the revenues are a function of that strategy. It's not the other way around. And, however, we can keep consumers excited and make them happier. That's how we do it. And it is true that the effect of doing that has been that we've had really great results. But we don't -- our strategy is driven by the goal of making great entertainment and the world has changed. It used to be that once upon a time, we put out a title, people engage and then it was over and you went on to the next title. Now if you do it right, there's an opportunity to keep people engaged. And having an online cohort does exactly that. And basketball has been succeeding mightily with recurrent consumer spending up, I think, 30% year-over-year. And obviously, Grand Theft Auto Online also reflects extraordinary engagement. We know the economic impacts. We talked about economic results. But the most exciting thing is that we had a record number of people playing in the third quarter, that's what's really exciting. Turning to the NBA 2K League, the goal is to build the first professional sports league that's built on a professional sport. And we know that people love basketball, we know the NBA itself is incredibly successful. And we think it's just a natural to build a league around video gaming that in and of itself will be a successful sport, a successful occupation for consumers. So we expect it to stand alone and to be successful on its own and to be profitable on its own. We do think if we do it right, it will also help the NBA brand overall and it will help the NBA 2K brand. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: I've two. Just the first one on GTA Online. You mentioned the record number of players, and the strong monetization. I am curious to hear about how you're driving new payers to come into the ecosystem? Are you still seeing growth in the number of people who are paying digitally? What do you think is driving that? And just talk about some of the digital mechanics that you've used to kind of bring new payers into the ecosystem, if that is the case? And then just going back to NBA 2K eSports, can you just walk us through some of the business side signposts that we should look for whether it is the potential to sign streaming rights deals, sign affiliates, understanding the draft, coming in the combines coming, but talk us through some of the business steps to happen as we get to the launch? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I appreciate it. Look, we're focused on players, not payers. We're focused on captivation and engagement. And if we get that right, everything else will follow. And the way we get it right is continuing to give people what they want, which is great free content. And that's the strategy of Rockstar Games. They've done it just remarkably well, which is why the game remains so successful and such an important part of consumer culture. So the focus is on the players and on the player experience, and the monetization will take care of itself if we do that right. On the NBA 2K League, some of the business drivers that you will be interested in to hear about naturally are sort of how the draft turns out, what do those teams look like, how does the first season go, how do the games actually look, how do people feel about the experiences. And naturally and purely in the business side, what do the media rights look like and what a sponsorship look like. And all of that is information to come. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with the Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: Two questions. One for Lainie and then two for Strauss. Lainie, when we're modeling for next year, how do we -- how should we think about the potential of cannibalization of GTA Online and Red Dead? Anything in particular we should be thinking about there? And then Strauss, two things. One, as reported today that Google is exploring some type of streaming service, and I understand you guys are largely platform agnostic, but how would the entry of new streaming platforms impact how you think about the business? And then secondly, when you think about the scale of the business versus some of your larger competitors, do you think you can optimize margins at your current scale? Or do you think you need an acquisition or potentially merge with someone else? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. Let me -- I'm actually going to take the point on cannibalization because I've addressed it before. We think every game and every entertainment experience stands on its own. And entertainment experience competes internally, it competes externally and it competes with unrelated experiences because entertainment is a want-to-have activity, not a must-have activity. To the extent that there were a competitive threat, one would assume that competitive threat is realized by properties outside of our company, first and foremost. And so far, Grand Theft Auto Online is just doing phenomenally well. We are having another record year. So we think each title stands alone. And Rockstar Games is continuing to support Grand Theft Auto Online and the results reflect that. I'm not going to comment on any particular news or potential launch, except to say that our policy is to support broad distribution because we want to be where the consumer is. That said, it is important that everything we support is consistent with our creative approach and with our business model, and we'll look at it through that lens. And finally, in terms of margins, we have seen our margins grow, they grow with success. The more hits we have, you know this, of course, the higher our margins are. If we have fewer hits, the lower our margins are. And of course, as we grow scale, as long as we grow that scale and maintain the same profitability levels, you're going to see our operating profits go up. So could gross margins go up? Yes, they can as we shift more to digital distribution, which, I think, we're all seeing inexorably occur. Our gross margins go up and our operating margins will also go up, our scale will help us achieve that. We've shown an ability to grow scale meaningfully, organically. We see it as a challenge to continue doing so. And we're bound and determined to meet that challenge. Equally, accretive acquisitions that build scale will naturally act in service of higher operating margins as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: Big picture question. How should we be thinking about companion apps within your business for your two major labels? And do you view companion apps as a standalone revenue generator or more as something that is just a way to drive engagement back into the base game? 
Strauss Zelnick: I think what we're seeing with WWE SuperCard and with the NBA is that mobile games as a standalone, has great experiences and that's how we're focused on. I think the days of companion apps for marketing purposes or even engagement purposes perhaps are gone. And every offering to a consumer has to stand alone as a powerful offering. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Two. If I can ask this correctly, Strauss, thinking about the battle royale genre, obviously, two major incumbents, your PUBG, Fortnite and you look similar mode I guess, within GTA online that, I think, has gotten some success. I'm just curious how you see the market opportunity there overall for new entrants. And also, if you feel that, that sort of mode could offer your IP a bridge to Asia, assuming you have a PC-based view? And I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think more detail on game mechanic specifics really comes at the label level. But I would just observe that someone else's success is really interesting. And we're obviously informed by what our competitors do. But our goal is to be as innovative as possible. And titles, even really good titles that are derivative, never seem to do as well as innovations that are unexpected. So when we came out with the first Red Dead Redemption, the conventional wisdom was Westerns don't work and it had been an awfully long time since a Western-themed video game had come out, and Rockstar took a massive period of risk and the result was extraordinary. So I don't see our labels being super-excited about being derivative. That said, of course, we play in the world, and we're informed by what's going on. And it is our job to bring consumers what they want. And because you alluded to Asia, Asia remains an enormous area of focus. We built a great business in Asia, and we continue to be very interested in growing that business in and outside of China. 
Michael Hickey: The last question, obviously, you have -- it appears to be a strong working relationship with Vince McMahon of WWE, also appears to be some mutual respect there for what it's worth. But when -- I'm sure you saw when Vince announced the relaunch, I guess, of the XFL, there appeared to be sort of an eSports theme -- it was my impression on watching the video stream. And of course, you guys have a history of long time ago, now I guess history of making a very respected football game. So I'm just sort of curious how you think about the possibilities of creating a football game, eSports angled into the launch of the XFL? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we have enormous respect for the entire WWE organization. We are thrilled to be in business with them. And if Mr. McMahon is going to pursue a new venture, we're rooting for a success enthusiastically, whether we'd be fortunate enough to gain an opportunity from that remains very much to be seen. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Wingren with KeyBanc. 
Evan Wingren: Just two quick ones. Just to clarify on the buyback. Were you viewing that as more opportunistic or is that something that we should assume as more of a regular contributor in terms of the go forward, just given the visibility you have into next year? And then the second question, just with the additional time for Red Dead, does that potentially change your perspective in the near term about potentially porting the game to additional platforms? Or was the move perhaps not related to that at all? 
Strauss Zelnick: We've said that there are 3 potential uses for our cash balance: supporting organic growth, which is really our bread-and-butter; supporting inorganic growth, which has been necessary lately as we acquired Social Point and we are interested in potentially broadening the enterprise in that way; and returning capital to shareholders, which obviously, we've just done with a meaningful buyback. We'll continue to pursue all 3 as and when they make sense. So there's no change in our strategy. And in terms of Red Dead, any announcements about platform support will properly come from Rockstar Games. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim O'Shea with Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: So on Red Dead, can you walk us through the decision to delay Red Dead for a second time? Is this a case of wanting to add some final polish to the game? Are you reworking gameplay? Just love to hear your thoughts and what's the level of confidence in the October 26 release date? And then just curious how the holiday launch window compares to Spring? How you think about the competitive environment or holiday spending, again, love to hear your thoughts guys? 
Strauss Zelnick: We've said repeatedly, and we've put our money where our mouth is that the entire focus of this organization is on delivering highest quality entertainment experiences of any kind. And more often than not we feel proud that we're able to do that. All of our labels are focused on releasing a title when they reach that apex of effort and perfection. And in this instance, Rockstar Games felt more polish was required and naturally, we're in favor of that decision. The date of October 26 is set, and I'm confident that, that will be the release date and incredibly excited about it. We've released titles all over the calendar, the only time we cannot do would be when it's super hot in July. But otherwise, we've been in every other quarter. Holidays, heading into the holiday season can be a particularly powerful time. And I'd observe that even though there are some competitive releases, it's a lot more of an open field today than it was, say, 10 years ago. There's plenty of opportunity to go around. So we're really excited about both the launch and the timing related to the launch. 
Timothy O'Shea: And just one more, if I may. You guys have now raised your full year outlook every quarter all year and you're guiding to over $2 billion of revenue, $3.23 of EPS at the midpoint. And my question is just at a high level. How much of this is truly recurring? I mean, how much might we expect to get back next year? And I know you've previously said and you reiterated in this release that the fiscal '19 revenue could exceed $2.5 billion, but we're already at $2 billion this year with a very light release slate and next year, we have two major game launches that weren't in this year's plan. So just love to hear your thoughts on how much you think is truly recurring? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a great question. We haven't given any color on fiscal '19 apart from what we said already. Naturally, in the coming months, we will do so, and we'll get a bit more granular about it. You're absolutely right that we used the phrase recurrent consumer spending, but nothing is forever, or typically nothing is forever. And we have to show up and create new content for consumers for every experience that we offer them. And not everything always goes perfectly. We are having a great year. We've had a great number of years, we're immensely grateful for that, that is all driven by the creative quality of the work done by our labels. And while we hope that, that will continue and so far we've been very fortunate. You're absolutely right to imply, this is not recurrent in the way, say, interest payments on a AAA-rated municipal bonds are recurrent. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: It looks like you lowered your operating expense guidance for the year by a few tens of millions of dollars. Just wondering if how much of that might have been due to the Red Dead 2 delay and potentially less of a marketing campaign for that in this fiscal year? 
Lainie Goldstein: The majority of the lowering of the OpEx is due to the timing of marketing campaigns and it is for Red Dead Redemption, but also some of our other titles. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Karl, just want a point of clarification, did you say the NBA eLeague will launch in May? And if so, my understanding was, this was originally supposed to start in the fall. So if that's true, why the change? And then separately, L.A. Noire is a test case on the Switch. Can you talk about the prospects or opportunities to put other games on the Switch such as Grand Theft Auto where you've got a 90 million base of players at this point? 
Karl Slatoff: So just to take the NBA eLeague, that was -- it was never intended for launch, there was no change, May is our launch date and that's when we plan to do it. So that actually -- just to clarify, that was not a change. In terms of bringing other titles to Switch, obviously, we've done a few titles already. We have done NBA, WWE, L.A. Noire. We look at this just like any other platform opportunity to the extent that we look at our development costs, there is a game right for the platform, what does the audience look like, what's the installed base. So when we do believe that there's an opportunity to do something on Switch, then you'll hear it from the labels. We do -- we are impressed with the growth, we're impressed with the units that have been sold into the market so far. So we're very sanguine at this point, but we've nothing more to announce specifically at this point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Ross with BTIG. 
Brandon Ross: Two questions. First on GTA Online. How should we think of the pacing of content releases this year? Should we expect it to be similar to what it was last year? And will that at all be affected by the coming release of Red Dead? And how if all do you intend to use the GTA Online funnel to drive Red Dead sales and players in Red Dead online? And then another Fortnite related question. Fortnite has been pretty successful with a free-to-play strategy, especially, with recurrent consumer spending being what it is, do you see a big opportunity in free-to-play on console? 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't really talk about pacing of content, and I'm not even sure we really think about it that way. We create great entertainment experiences and when they're ready, we deliver them to consumers. And so we don't have any kind of metronome quality to the creation of any of our entertainment experiences here. Rockstar Games has said they intend to continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online. And that support of Grand Theft Auto Online has nothing to do with the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. These are different projects and they stand independent of one another. In terms of my own views on free-to-play console, I think, there are potentially opportunities there. We have a free-to-play experience in China. NBA 2K Online in China is a PC experience could be -- certainly could be a console experience. And naturally, when people are involved with our online games, in many ways, those look like free-to-play experiences, yes, you had to purchase titles that become involved, but if you involve years later, it's hard to imagine that there's much difference between sort of the emotional caliber of that experience and a free-to-play experience. If your question is whether the business model moves in that direction? I would say it probably can't because in a free-to-play -- true free-to-play environment, 10-ish percent of your consumers maximum are paying you and that's not going to support the very significant investment that a AAA title requires here and in our competitors' shops. And we think consumers understand that. And I think to the extent people want to continue to have big AAA experiences and they do, they are prepared to pay what ultimately is a very low price given the massive number of hours that one can spend enjoying the titles. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: I just have two quick ones here. Strauss, when you look back at GTA, I doubt that anybody internally thought it'd have quite a success it's having now, it's record quarters now, 4 years later. Is there 1 or 2 things that you guys look at as you play Monday morning quarterback that you think has really been the difference that's made this title what it is? And if so, how do you guys think about translating that to future titles across the portfolio? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you. And it's the last question of the day, so I particularly like ending on a high note. I don't think there is a much of a magical answer to the question. Of course, we ask ourselves that and it's just further recognition that the best quality wins. And in the case of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, and I have to hold myself back from overpromoting because it's not our style. But I do think that the title became the standard bearer for not just the generation, but in many ways for the modern video game business. And in other past iterations of the franchise, I think, there were potentially a couple of other extraordinary titles that clustered around it competitively. And that hasn't seemed to been the case here with 90 million units sold and record results for Grand Theft Auto Online 4 years after its release. Is there a secret sauce? Yes, the secret sauce is it's a really extraordinary experience that people love and it was created and delivered and now supported by a label that never ever rests on the past and is utterly focused on innovation and breaking barriers with an eye towards an amazing entertainment experience. And that's easy for me to say those words, exceedingly hard to do, and I would argue impossible for others to replicate. But what we mostly feel around here is a sense of enormous gratitude to our colleagues at Rockstar Games for creating and supporting and delivering this experience over now what is very many years. And I suppose it is that experience that leads us to be so enthusiastic about the future, when your strategy is guided by a true genuine appreciation for our mission, which is to entertain people. And a genuine, not financially driven commitment to quality comes first. It's just comes first. And then thankfully we run, what we believe is a highly rational, exceedingly disciplined business environment, which gives people, who are creative, a very safe place to do their very best work. Anyway that's our goal, and we think that's why things are going pretty well. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks so much for joining us today. We're really thrilled with the results of the quarter. Incredibly pleased for the outlook for the remainder of the year and the early outlook for fiscal '19. I want to thank you for joining us today and for your continued support. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond. Thank you. Mr. Diamond, you may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2018 ended September 30, 2017. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to note that, as previously announced, we have changed the name of our operational metric from net sales to net bookings. Our definition of net bookings is identical to our previous definition of net sales. I'd also like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP. And unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are year-over-year. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that our positive momentum continued in the second quarter, enabling Take-Two to deliver another period of better-than-expected operating results. The extraordinary performance of our business is driven by growth from both Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, along with the successful launch of NBA 2K18. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online delivered another record quarter, exceeding our net bookings expectations, and remains the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending. 
 Rockstar Games has continued to sustain an increased engagement through the ongoing release of a rich array of free additional content, most recently the Smuggler's Run update and subsequent themed content drops, including the Motor Wars and Stockpile modes, Transform Races and multiple new vehicles. Rockstar Games will support Grand Theft Auto Online with additional new content going forward. 
 The second quarter marks the fourth anniversary of the initial launch of Grand Theft Auto V, and net bookings from the game grew during the period, confirming that Grand Theft Auto V remains the must-have title, especially as the installed base of current-generation consoles continues to expand. Grand Theft Auto V has now sold in more than 85 million units. And according to The NPD Group, the title has achieved 42 top 10 chart appearances during the 50 months since its release, the most by any single title in reported history. Grand Theft Auto V is now the all-time best-selling video game, both in revenues and units, based on combined U.S. digital and physical sales across PC, console and portable. 
 As a result of these titles' better-than-expected performance in the quarter and increased outlook for the remainder of the year, we now expect combined net bookings from Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V to grow during fiscal 2018. 
 On September 15, Visual Concepts and 2K successfully launched NBA 2K18, cementing further the series' dominant position as the premier basketball simulation. NBA 2K18 received positive reviews from influential critics, including 91 out of 100 from Forbes, 9 out of 10 from Game Informer and 4.5 out of 5 from Digital Trends. 
 Visual Concepts was lauded for the title's exciting new features, including this year addition of Neighborhood, which, for the first time, enables gamers to explore and play in an immersive, wide world of NBA environment. To date, NBA 2K18 has sold in over 6 million units, and both sell-in and sell-through of the title have grown more than 20% over the prior year's release, including a significant increase in digitally delivered sales. In addition to versions for Xbox, PlayStation and PC, NBA 2K18 is our debut offering for the Nintendo Switch. 
 So far, we're very pleased with the title's performance on this new platform, and we anticipate continued strong demand across all platforms heading into the holiday season. Along with growth in game sales, our NBA 2K series continues to benefit from increasing engagement and recurrent consumer spending. To date, total users and average daily users of NBA 2K18 on current-generation platforms is up nearly 30% over last year's release and during the second quarter where current consumer spending on NBA 2K grew 57%, once again exceeding our expectations. 
 We believe that NBA 2K18 will become our most successful sports title ever, both in terms of units sold and recurrent consumer spending. I'd like to congratulate Visual Concepts for their unparalleled skill in delivering consistently the authenticity of the NBA and all of its pop culture influences to our passionate community of fans. 
 Our second quarter results also benefited from a number of other titles, including NBA 2K17, Social Point's mobile games and downloadable add-on content foreign sales of XCOM 2.
 We continue to drive increased engagement with our games. During the second quarter, net bookings from our current consumer spending, which are almost entirely digitally delivered, grew 84% to their highest level ever and accounted for 42% of total net bookings, in addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K where current consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings.
 In the free-to-play category, Social Point continued to outperform our expectations with combined net bookings from its 2 biggest games, Dragon City and Monster Legends, growing both sequentially and year-over-year in the second quarter. We view Social Point as an important long-term growth opportunity for Take-Two. 
 WWE SuperCard also continued to grow, with net bookings from our current consumer spending on the game up 40%. WWE SuperCard is 2K's highest grossing mobile game and has been downloaded more than 15 million times. And NBA 2K Online remains the #1 PC online sports game in China with over 36 million registered users. 
 In addition, net bookings from add-on content more than doubled, led by XCOM 2: War of the Chosen, the expansion pack for the 2016 award-winning strategy titles from Firaxis Games, along with offerings from Mafia III and Sid Meier's Civilization. 
 As a result of our stellar second quarter operating results and increased outlook for the balance of the year, we've raised our fiscal 2018 outlook for net bookings and net cash provided by operating activities. We now expect fiscal 2018 to be another year of net bookings growth as well as strong cash flow. 
 And looking ahead, fiscal 2019 promises to be one of our best years ever, led by the launch of the Rockstar Games' Red Dead Redemption 2 and a highly anticipated new title from one of 2K's biggest franchises. 
 Through the advent of new technologies, platforms and business models, our industry continues to evolve and grow, providing exciting new ways for our teams to create groundbreaking entertainment experience that captivate and engage audiences throughout the world. Take-Two is better positioned than ever creatively, operationally and financially to capitalize on our numerous opportunities, both in our core business and in emerging areas such as mobile and eSports, and to deliver value to customers and returns for shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll discuss our recent releases and then review our lineup for the remainder of this fiscal year. 
 On October 13, 2K successfully launched WWE 2K18, the latest installment in our popular simulation-based WWE series. Co-developed by Yuke's and Visual Concepts, WWE 2K18 received positive review scores, including an 84 out of 100 from GEO -- COGconnected and an 8.3 out of 10 from Forbes. Critics are praising the title for its brand-new graphics engine, the largest roster of playable superstars in the series' history and a host of game play additions and improvements. 
 According to Forbes, "WWE 2K18 is now the standard bearer in visual excellence in sports-themed video games." WWE 2K18 already is off to a solid start. And later this fall, 2K will release the title for Nintendo Switch, marking the first time in 5 years that a WWE game had been available on a Nintendo platform. 
 In keeping with our focus on driving engagement and recurrent consumer spending, WWE 2K18 is being supported with a series of postlaunch downloadable content, including a Season Pass. The worldwide popularity of WWE is as vibrant as ever, and we believe that there remains a substantial long-term opportunity to grow our WWE 2K series by leveraging further the development and marketing expertise of 2K and Visual Concepts. 
 On October 19, 2K and Firaxis Games released Sid Meier’s Civilization VI: Khemer & Indonesia Civilization scenario pack. We've introduced 2 new leaders representing civilizations from Southeast Asia. This content was made available automatically at no extra cost for purchases of the Civilization VI - Digital Deluxe edition.
 Turning to the balance of our lineup for fiscal year 2018. On November 14, Rockstar Games will release new versions of their blockbuster detective thriller, L.A. Noire, to the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Following these 3 new console versions, in December comes L.A. Noire: The VR Case Files, featuring 7 select cases from the original game rebuilt specifically for a virtual reality experience on the HTC Vive system. L.A. Noire takes place in the seedy and violent underbelly of 1940s Los Angeles as decorated veteran and newly minted detective, Cole Phelps, investigates an escalating series of cases inspired by real-world crimes. Utilizing a unique type of facial capture technology called MotionScan, L.A. Noire brings unprecedented lies into character performances, creating brand-new game play out of the art of interrogation. Originally released in May 2011, L.A. Noire received critical acclaim and was the first video game ever to be featured as an official selection of the Tribeca Film Festival. 
 To date, the title has sold in over 7.5 million units. With the choice of spectacular virtual reality, stunning 4K or the freedom of portable play, these new enhanced versions of L.A. Noire are a perfect opportunity for players to experience this richly detailed world in an entirely new way. 
 During the fourth quarter, our independent development partner, Squad, will release the Kerbal Space Program: Making History Expansion for PC. Adding exciting new content, including the Mission Builder and History Pack, the expansion will enhance our recently acquired physics-based space simulation game. Mission Builder enables players to create and edit missions that can be shared with the game's vibrant online community. History Pack challenges players to relive historic missions from humankind's own space program, complete with the unique Kerbal Space Program twist. 
 The new Kerbal Space Program has a new long-term franchise that complements our portfolio of own intellectual property as we continue to capitalize on opportunities across the independent development landscape. 
 The growing popularity of eSports is an exciting trend in our industry. And both our team and NBA are hard at work on preparing for the May 2018 launch of NBA 2K League. Beginning in February, the league will introduce its online qualification system to identify the best NBA 2K players, which will be followed by a draft to fill each team's 5-player roster. League team members will play the game using newly created avatars, and therefore, playing ability will be determined strictly by scale. NBA 2K League players will live in their team's market during the season, which we believe will create deeper and stronger team bonds and dynamics. We are thrilled that the NBA 2K League is taking shape and look forward to expanding our presence in competitive gaming, which is a long-term potential to create deeper engagement with the player community and to be a meaningful driver of profits for our company. Social Point is also hard at work and has a number of exciting games planned for launch over the next 2 years. 
 Looking ahead, we have a robust development pipeline across our labels, including new releases from our popular series and groundbreaking original intellectual property. We remain committed to providing our audiences with the highest-quality entertainment, including innovative offerings designed to drive growth and engagement and recurrent consumer spending. Coupled with our many opportunities for expanding our business through emerging platforms, business models and geographies, there has never been a more exciting time for our company and industry. 
 I will now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our second quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year 2018. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. 
 I'd also like to note that, as we announced last week, we've changed the name of operational metric from net sales to net booking. We have made this change to avoid confusion with the net sales captions used by some companies in their GAAP financial statements and to be consistent with operational metrics provided by our peers. The definition of net bookings is identical to our previous definition of net sales. 
 As mentioned by Strauss, we had an outstanding second quarter from an operating perspective, driven by the continued outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V as well as the stronger-than-expected launch of NBA 2K18. Total net bookings grew 20% to $577 million. Of this amount, 62% were digitally delivered net booking, which grew 52% to $356 million. Our digitally delivered net bookings were driven by record recurrent consumer spending, along with growth in full game downloads. 
 While the operating performance of our business exceeded our expectations, this outperformance was not fully reflected in our GAAP results for 3 reasons. First, our better-than-expected net bookings were driven by titles that we have are required to defer, and therefore, our GAAP revenues and profits will not fully benefit from these sales until future periods. Second, because of the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, we recorded higher-than-forecasted internal royalties, which are calculated using results that are adjusted to exclude the impact of deferrals and, unlike certain other costs of goods sold, are not deferred. And third, we reported higher stock-based compensation expense primarily due to the increase in our share price. 
 Turning to some details from our second quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue exceeded our outlook and grew by 6% to $444 million. Cost of goods sold increased by 20% to $247 million. Operating expenses increased by 24% to $208 million due primarily to the inclusion of Social Point as well as higher stock-based compensation, bonus and headcount expenses, which were partially offset by lower marketing expense. 
 Our GAAP results reflect a $12 million tax benefit, which was driven primarily by tax deductions related to stock compensation expense. These additional tax deductions are due to the increase in our stock price from the dates that stock was granted to the dates [ net of asset ]. This benefit had no effect on our management reporting tax rate, which is 22%. 
 We recorded GAAP net loss of $3 million or $0.03 per share versus net income of $36 million or $0.39 per share in the prior year period.
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2018 financial outlook, starting with the fiscal third quarter. We expect net bookings to range from $610 million to $660 million. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K18 and WWE 2K18. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $440 million to $490 million and cost of goods sold to range from $262 million to $291 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $220 million to $230 million. At the midpoint, it represents a 16% increase over last year, driven by the inclusion of Social Point as well as higher R&D and stock compensation expense. We expect GAAP net loss to range from $29 million to $40 million or $0.25 to $0.35 per share. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. As a result of our better-than-expected second quarter operating results and the improved forecast for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our outlook for net bookings and net cash provided by operating activities. We now expect net bookings to range from $1.93 billion to $2.03 billion, up from our prior outlook of $1.65 billion to $1.75 billion and up from $1.9 billion last year. Net bookings are expected to increase in fiscal 2018, driven by growth from NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto as well as inclusion of a full year net booking from Social Point, partially offset by a lighter release slate. We now expect net bookings from recurrent consumer spending to increase approximately 50%, and we expect digitally delivered net bookings to grow around 25%. 
 The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be Grand Theft Auto Online, Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K and WWE 2K18. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 50% 2K, 45% Rockstar Games and 5% Social Point and other. And we expect the geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. 
 We now expect to generate approximately $300 million in net cash provided by operating activities, up from our prior outlook of $200 million. And we plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditures. 
 Turning to our income statement. We expect GAAP net revenues to range from $1.74 billion to $1.84 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $893 million to $944 million. Total operating expenses are expected to range in the $805 million to $825 million. At the midpoint, it represents a 22% increase over the prior year, driven by the inclusion of Social Point, higher R&D expense and higher stock-based compensation expense. 
 Although our operating performance is exceeding expectations, we are increasing our fiscal 2018 outlook for net bookings and net cash provided by operating activities. We are reducing our forecast for GAAP net income. This is due to 2 factors. First, because of the strong ongoing performance of Grand Theft Auto, we expect to record higher internal royalties, which, unlike certain other costs of goods sold, are not deferred. And second, we now expect higher stock-based compensation due primarily to the increase in our share price. As a result, we now expect GAAP net income to range from $63 million to $91 million or $0.55 to $0.80 per share. 
 In closing, we are very pleased with our operating results for the first half of fiscal 2018, which is poised to be another year of net bookings growth and strong cash flow for our organization. However, we believe that fiscal 2019 will be a record year for both net bookings and net cash provided by operating activities, which are expected to exceed $2.5 billion and $700 million, respectively. With industry-leading creative assets, commitment to operational excellence and strong financial foundation, Take-Two is well positioned to generate growth and margin expansion over the long term.
 Thank you. I will now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another strong quarter for our organization. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: I guess, 2. Strauss, one industry question. There were some concerns about NBA, and we hear with other games about maybe too much monetization opportunities for [ MTX ] taking away from the game. It clearly doesn't seem to be happy with NBA. But just give me your high-level thoughts on that. And then second, on Take-Two specifically. You haven't raised your outlook for '19. Clearly, all your digital trends are way above where you thought 6 months ago when you gave that guidance. How do you think about next year given the strength in digital this year? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Justin. Look, we take consumer feedback very, very seriously, indeed. And you're right, there has been some pushback about monetization in the industry. The good news is the title was reviewed extraordinarily well. People love it. And the other news is entertainment is a want-to-have business, not a must-have business. And people, though, ultimately with the usage -- and the usage on the title is up 30% in terms of average daily users. The title itself -- say unit sales were up 20% year-over-year. So people, clearly, are voting that they love NBA 2K18, and the reviews reflect that as well. That said, we are concerned about any perception, any negative feedback, and we're focused on it. We're taking it really seriously. And Lainie will talk about next year. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. For 2019, we are reiterating the guidance that we've given so far on that year. We continue to look at it. We said that we're going to exceed $2.5 billion and exceed $700 million in operating cash flow. So in terms of giving out more detailed guidance and updating that information, I think we would probably look to do that on our May call with our year-end earnings. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim O'Shea of Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: GTA Online continues to impress. It's another record-breaking quarter. And as you mentioned, it's the fourth anniversary of GTA V. On prior calls, we've heard a bunch of questions asking when GTA Online would start to tail off. But given the continued record-breaking quarters, I'm just curious, how many more years of GTA Online -- how many more years GTA Online might continue to thrive? And how does the upcoming launch of Red Dead influence your thinking here? And then just secondly, you're obviously taking up your full year EPS outlook substantially. I was just hoping you might help us understand what's behind that optimism. How much of this is coming from GTA Online and how much from NBA? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thank you. Look, GTA Online continues to delight consumers, and therefore, our results are also excellent. And Rockstar Games has said they will continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online with content going forward. And then undoubtedly, it's this ongoing robust content creation that continues to delight consumers. There's clearly a community of people who love Grand Theft Auto Online, and once again, we're having a record year. We can't say much more than that except that we're so extraordinarily pleased. And to look further into the future is impossible at this time. With regard to your question on Red Dead, though, I have a strong point of view, which is, look, entertainment competes with every activity and no activity. And to the extent that we are competitive, we compete with all of our own titles and everyone else's titles, too. So I don't think the launch of any new title specifically has a direct effect on an existing title. Any more than someone else launching a competitive title would affect, for example, how one of our titles is doing. If we have something great in the market and we continue to support great content, people will continue to show up. That's historically the case, and certainly that's our aim. So we think Red Dead stands alone. Naturally, we're incredibly excited. I think the whole market is and -- but it will stand alone and succeed on its own merits. 
Lainie Goldstein: For the full year, when we look at raising our guidance, we looked at how much we beat the second quarter by, and then we also look at the remainder of the year, and it's reflecting higher expectations for Grand Theft Auto Online, Grand Theft Auto V as well as NBA 2K18. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two questions. First, wondered if you'd be willing to dig in on NBA 2K a little bit in terms of -- for last year's games, as you look back the last 12 months, what percentage of revenue was attributable to the full game sale, be it retail and full game downloads? And what percentage of revenue was related to micro transactions? And then secondly, wondered if you could talk a little bit about Social Point. It looks like internationally, you're -- I don't know if it's beta or what type of tests you're running for a game, League of Dragons. And at what point do you think of going global with that launch? And sort of how do you think about that progressing over the next year? 
Karl Slatoff: I got it. So okay, Eric, we'll start with Social Point. So yes, we did actually launch -- we had a soft launch of a title called League of Dragons. And it was a very limited soft launch. A select market, that's typically how you do these things before you take a global launch. I think you're familiar with that strategy. Based on what we have seen and the KPIs associated with the title, we decided that it didn't make sense to move forward. So that title will not be getting a worldwide release. That being said, the 2 games that Social Point has right now in the market, Monster Legends and Dragon City, are both performing above our expectations and are growing quarter-over-quarter and also year-over-year. So they're very positive for us. And as we said in our opening remarks, Social Point has a number of games that they're getting ready for release over the next couple of years. We're very excited about this opportunity. Oh, and in terms of the NBA 2K, the percentages of -- that you wanted to hear about, we'll give that kind of detail by title in terms of micro transactions, full game downloads, et cetera. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Wingren of Pacific Crest Securities. 
Evan Wingren: Following up on NBA a little bit. I was wondering if you could share what percentage of the unit sales that you did disclose came from digital this quarter. And then secondarily, you mentioned the growth in recurrent spending in NBA. And I just wondered if you could break apart whether you're seeing growth in the component -- in all components or if it's just from new players. 
Lainie Goldstein: Evan, for full game downloads on new console, we're seeing about 35%. We're not giving it specifically by title, but overall, that's what we're seeing in Q2 for the business. And that's what we would expect to see for the full year. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of the components on NBA, so like we said before, we are seeing growth in our users, the daily active users. And so that is up. And our unit growth is up in general. We haven't broken it down any more specifically than that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Merwin of Goldman Sachs. 
Christopher Merwin: So just a couple of questions. First, for GT Online. Last quarter, you -- I think you guided to a moderation in the back half of the year. Of course, you posted another record quarter in the fiscal 2Q. So do you continue to expect to see a moderation for that title in the back half? Or do you expect to see growth? And then just secondly, Lainie, I know you just mentioned, I think 35% was the expectation for digital download for the year. I think last quarter, you talked about a 30% expectation. So can you just talk about what sort of changed that, I mean, and how, if at all, your -- you started to really try to incentivize the gamers to download more? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Chris. No, we do not expect moderation in Grand Theft Auto Online in the back half of the year. Looks like it's very strong. And as we said, it will be another record year, which is obviously very gratifying. And on the digital download side for full games, we are continuing to see growth in that area. Obviously, for PC titles, it's over 90%. And for non-PC titles, it's running around 35%, as Lainie said, across the board. 
Lainie Goldstein: And our catalog is also running at about 50%, and there is a big mix of our catalog business throughout the remainder of the year. 
Strauss Zelnick: So -- and it's a good thing for us. Naturally, we do make more dollars per unit sold digitally, and we have a higher percentage margin. That said, we are where the consumer is. And physical distribution still is the lion's share of our business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: As far as the NBA 2K League, do you have any plans for broadcast? Will it be primarily online? Or could there be also broadcast TV viewing opportunities? And will there be marketing for the league during traditional NBA games? Or how will you kind of tie those 2 together? 
Strauss Zelnick: So we haven't given that detail yet. There will be a media right associated with the NBA 2K League, and that will be announced in due time. Our crew over there, led by Brendan Donohue, is doing a phenomenal job. We -- Karl talked a little bit about what's coming in 2018. We're super-excited to have teams, have a draft of teams and to have a season with 17 teams participating. More details to come. But obviously, there will be media available and not much more detail to give out right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ray Stochel of Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: With the success of Grand Theft Auto Online, are you thinking about adding any talent to increase the cadence of GTA Online updates over the coming year or 2? 
Strauss Zelnick: We are always adding talent across the company. Our headcount grows, but our headcount grows only on the side of creating great games and great content. That's everywhere on our business. So we -- across the board, we are a growth enterprise, and we are always looking for best and brightest talent. Right now, we're really happy with the content that we're putting out across the board, and we have wonderful people who are responsible for doing that every day. 
Raymond Stochel: Got it. That's great. And also, a quick follow-up on talent. There has been some studio closures in the space, one public, and some layoffs at a private competitor today. Longer term, I guess, where are you saying talent availability? And do you see anything specific regarding domestic or within your current studios or whether that be in international new markets and new studios? 
Strauss Zelnick: We -- as I said, we're in a growth mode, and we're blessed we get to work with the best and the brightest around the world. It's no secret that hiring phenomenal engineering and artistic talent in the United States is exceedingly challenging. And so we're open-minded about where we may open studios going forward, but we will go where the talent is. This is a worldwide business, and we have a worldwide footprint. So we're -- as I said, we're in growth mode. And I suspect we will be broadening our physical presence to make sure that we are where the talent is. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey of The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: I guess, it's always, I think, hard for you to add too much color to the Rockstar team. But it looks like the -- as it relates to GTA Online, the marketing efforts from the team there as it relates to incremental content coming in seems to have intensified. Curious if that's true. And how impactful do you think that's been for the ongoing success of that game? I have a quick follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, Mike. I'm sorry, I missed the marketing part of that question. 
Michael Hickey: Yes. That was a question. Just curious, the -- it looks like the marketing of additional content for GTA Online has intensified just in terms of some of the trailers and maybe the energy put behind them. Curious if that was true and if that's at all impactful to the success of that game. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, it took me -- sorry, I'm a little slow on the uptake today, Mike. The answer is that the marketing is related to the content drops. So as content drops come out as they're significant and meaningful, it's important that we let people know about them. I think the marketing is informative and entertaining, and certainly, we wouldn't do it if we didn't think it had a beneficial impact. But what drives consumption and delight is obviously the content itself. 
Michael Hickey: Yes. Fair enough. Good. I guess, under the theme of extending your player base, Rockstar is obviously preparing to launch L.A. Noire for the Switch. Curious how you think about the opportunity for other Rockstar content on that platform. And then also, thinking about China, I think you've obviously been seemingly more optimistic over time in terms of getting content into that region. Curious, your thoughts on the potential opportunity of Red Dead being a commercial opportunity in China, especially that pay-to-play model seems to be working with other games. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So in terms of other titles for the Switch from Rockstar, Rockstar hasn't made any announcements yet. And of course, as you know, our labels make announcements about what's coming out. We don't tend to do that on these calls. But clearly, the installed base for Switch has grown rapidly, and it's potentially an exciting platform. We've already put out a title for basketball. So we are supportive of the platform corporately. And in terms of China, look, this is a massive market, as you know. It's also a market that is constrained in any number of ways. I'm hopeful that over time, those constraints will lessen. Intellectual property is a particularly challenging area in China, and we think there's great opportunity. We're thrilled to work with local partners. We're working with Tencent for a long time. They're a wonderful partner on NBA 2K Online, and we've had phenomenal results. So we're happy to work with local partners. I do think it is very important that we have reciprocity in markets, and our markets are wide open. And I think it's important that foreign markets become open. And America's second-biggest export category after aerospace is entertainment. We're not alone in these interests. I will say that we are ready when China is ready, and we think that providing the best quality entertainment on earth is always a benefit to a population. But of course, we feel that way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter of Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few questions for you. So what do you think are really the key lessons from GTA that you expect to bring to other titles in the future? And should we expect you to continue to move down the price curve on the full game in order to drive more players to GTA Online? And separately, on NBA 2K. Should we expect any meaningful revenue from the online tryouts this year? And then finally, on mobile. Beyond Social Point, should we expect intellectual property from other Take-Two areas to come to mobile in any meaningful way in FY '19 and beyond? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. Look, I think the key lesson from GTA online -- remember, we launched that title 4 years ago. So we certainly have learned a lot from what we knew 4 years ago. And one of the things that we learned is if we create a robust opportunity and a robust world in which people can play delightfully in a bigger and bigger way, that they will keep coming back and they will engage and if there's an opportunity to monetize that engagement. And we've announced that there will be an online component to Red Dead. And furthermore, we've said that we aim to have recurrent consumer spending opportunities for every title that we put out at this company. It may not always be an online model. It may not -- probably won't always be a virtual currency model. But there'd be some ability to engage on an ongoing basis with our titles after release across the board. And that's a sea change in our business. In the recurrent consumer spending, it's 42% of our net bookings in the quarter. It's been transformative for us. And the only reason that it's transformative for us is because it's transformative to our consumers. The business that, once upon a time, was a big, chunky opportunity to engage for tens of hours or perhaps 100 hours, has turned into ongoing engagement day after day, week after week. You fall in love with these titles, and they become part of your daily life. And that's immensely exciting, and it's the beginning of the maturation of interactive entertainment as a part of the audiovisual entertainment industry. I just saw a study. The American media day, average media day, is about 22 hours. Obviously, people are sleeping and eating. What it means is they're parallel processing, and they're consuming a lot of different kinds of media. But within that 22-hour day, only about 1.5 hours is interactive entertainment. There's a lot of room for growth. This is just the beginning. In terms of price curve on Grand Theft Auto, we really haven't talked about that, but this has been largely a full-priced business, which is super-exciting. In terms of revenues with regard to the NBA 2K League, we're going to let the league's management talk about that when the time comes. We have said that we have not modeled in or guided against revenues or profits coming from the NBA 2K League. That's not what this is about. This is about creating a brand-new business, a brand-new sport and continuing to grow our footprint in our basketball business and to interact with consumers in that way. Do I think there is a revenue and profit opportunity? Unquestionably. Are we prepared to say more about this at this time? We are not. And finally, on mobile and free-to-play. Yes, all selectively beyond Social Point, there will be opportunities with the rest of our enterprise. As you can see, our success has been driven when we're very selective. We've done very well with the NBA 2K app. We've done phenomenally well with WWE SuperCard. We think there will continue to be opportunities that are driven by existing core intellectual property. So we think we sort of have the one-two punch now, stand-alone, a new intellectual property brought to you by Social Point, intellectual property that is known and beloved, brought to you by the rest of our company. And that's super-exciting to us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Gee of Barclays. 
Ryan Gee: So I guess, taking a step back from the quarter for a second. Clearly, you're on a trajectory for much higher profitability, and you have been for quite some time. So what do you feel has been the biggest difference for Take-Two achieving and then maybe sustaining the margins of your peers, let's call it, 30% plus range? And along those lines, what do you see over the next 2 to 3 years changing for Take-Two specifically that could get you guys there and more importantly keep you guys in that 30% plus range? 
Strauss Zelnick: Right. So let's distinguish gross margins from operating margins. I assume you're referring to operating margins. On the gross margin side, we're highly competitive. And our gross margins continue to go up, and they're phenomenal. A couple of our competitors account slightly differently. And so it's not necessarily apples to apples. But on apples-to-apples basis, our gross margins are as high as, if not higher than anyone else's. On an operating level, you're absolutely right, our margin -- our operating margins are a bit lower than our 2 biggest competitors. And they need to grow, and it's a matter of scale. But obviously, you can't gain scale and sacrifice success. You have to have successful scale. We can't improve our margins with lost properties. So it's not as simple as just doing more; we have to do better and do more. And what we're focused on here entirely is do better, and that served us incredibly well. The good news is we're in a growth business. You've seen that with our net bookings this year. Lainie talked about our expectations for next year. We have to continue to grow. We have incredibly ambitious people here, both at the corporate level and emphatically at the label level. Everyone's pulling in the same direction. What will cause us to grow? It's continuing to build our collection of the best intellectual property, continuing to attract, retain and lead the best creative talent and continue to focus, first and foremost on, making the consumers happy and meeting consumers' needs. All good things will come from that path. 
Ryan Gee: Great. And then maybe just one more follow-up on an earlier question. So when you think about the -- kind of the long-lived success of GTA Online and kind of the high-margin recurring nature of that, has that changed Rockstar's view in any way in terms of when they want to release another product in the franchise? Or in other words, do they still believe a stand-alone release makes sense versus continuing to support GTA Online with extra content? 
Strauss Zelnick: We -- as you know, we don't speak for our labels. We're thrilled to have a setup here where our labels speak to consumers when they're ready. And I think all we can express here is enormous gratitude for the success of Grand Theft Auto Online and the belief in -- enormous belief from Rockstar's ongoing success. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Krasik of Buckingham Research Group. 
Scott Krasik: Two questions. I guess, first, can you just remind us what the last L.A. Noire did and if that's a good guide for what's in the guidance for this year? And then I know you don't talk about the GTA Online attach rates or how many people are playing it. But as you've added new users from GTA V, what has been the behavior of those? Do you -- have rate transfers at the same rate historically? And what's the opportunity for people maybe that you've lost over the last 3 or 4 years? 
Strauss Zelnick: All right. So sorry, maybe someone unsatisfying. L.A. Noire has sold in about 7.5 million units over the course of the franchise across the various SKUs, which is terrific. We haven't singled it out going forward from a guidance point of view. We don't typically do that with our titles. And on Grand Theft Auto Online, we don't have any -- we don't share information on specific data around users or attach rates. So we, at this point, pretty much shared the data that we're going to be sharing on Grand Theft Auto Online today. 
Scott Krasik: Well, less looking for data and more about behavior. Have people shifted as there are opportunities to reengage people who may have dropped off? 
Strauss Zelnick: There is unquestionably an opportunity to reengage people based on content drops. And when we drop new content, we see results in terms of engagement, and engagement typically does drive revenue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz of Cowen & Company. 
Douglas Creutz: As Grand Theft Auto Online has inflected higher, can you maybe talk about whether you've been able to do that using the same resource base as you sort of had working on it for the last few years? Or have you been allocating more resources to it to drive the growth? 
Strauss Zelnick: Rockstar is growing, 2K is growing, Social Point is growing to support the existing opportunities and the new opportunities. And I think we're having success across all of our label groups. We are definitely in growth mode. I'm probably not going to get more granular than that. 
Operator: There are no further questions over the audio portion of the conference. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Take-Two management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first of all, I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today. I want to take a moment to thank our colleagues across the company who delivered these phenomenal results. And I want to thank our consumers who support us and are absolutely passionate about what we do. That drives us and excites us and makes us want to come to work every day. On behalf of the company, I'd like to wish all of you a happy and healthy holiday season and a great new year. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 ended June 30, 2017. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP. And unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are year-over-year. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. 
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report this fiscal 2018 is off to an excellent start, with our business' positive momentum continuing to exceed our expectations in the first quarter. Take-Two delivered growth in both net sales and net revenue as well as margin expansion. 
 Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continued to outperform our expectations during the first quarter, nearly 4 years after their initial release. Grand Theft Auto V remains the highest-rated game of the current console generation and the must-have title for gamers on both console and PC. Grand Theft Auto Online delivered its best quarter ever, substantially exceeding our next sales expectations and was once again the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending. 
 Rockstar Games has continued to drive sustained engagement and growth in recurring consumer spending through the ongoing release of free additional content, most recently the Dawn Raid, Overtime Rumble and Power Mad updates. On the heels of the June 13 release of the substantial Gunrunning update, June and July successfully became our 2 biggest months ever for Grand Theft Auto Online monthly active users. And Rockstar Games will continue to support the game going forward. As a result of Grand Theft Auto Online's performance in the first quarter, we now expect the game to deliver net sales growth during fiscal 2018 and another consecutive year of record results. 
 NBA 2K17 remains the top-rated sports game of the current console generation and is now our highest selling sports title ever with selling to date of more than 8.5 million units. In addition to robust demand for the game itself, net sales from our NBA 2K series continue to benefit from strong engagement and recurrent consumer spending. During the first quarter, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K once again exceeded our expectations and grew 64%. NBA 2K has been a tremendous success, and we believe that the series can continue to grow both unit sales and recurrent consumer spending for years to come. 
 In addition, a number of other titles from our diverse portfolio contributed to our first quarter results, including Social Point's redeploying mobile titles, WWE 2K17 and WWE SuperCard, Mafia III and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. Digitally delivered net sales exceeded our expectations in the first quarter, driven by growth in both recurrent consumer spending and full-game downloads. Recurrent consumer spending increased 71% and accounted for 58% of total net sales. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, a variety of other offerings contributed to recurrent consumer spending. 
 In the free-to-play category, Social Point continues to outperform our expectations, with net sales from its 2 biggest games, Dragon City and Monster Legends, growing double digits in the first quarter. We view Social Point as an important long-term growth opportunity for Take-Two. WWE SuperCard also continued to grow with net sales up more than 50% and total downloads now exceeding 15 million. And NBA 2K Online remains the #1 PC online sports game in China, with over 35 million registered users. 
 Downloadable add-on content also contributed to the growth in recurrent consumer spending, led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, Mafia III and WWE 2K17. We expect fiscal 2018 to be another strong year for Take-Two, and we've raised our outlook for net sales and net cash provided by operating activities. Looking ahead to fiscal 2019, we expect to deliver both record net sales and net cash provided by operating activities, led by the launches of Rockstar Games, Red Dead Redemption 2 and a highly anticipated new title from one of 2K's biggest franchises. 
 Today, our industry is only just beginning to realize its vast potential. From the introduction of exciting new hardware platforms to the continued growth of digital distribution, we now have the ability to reach and captivate audiences like never before. In addition, the ways in which consumers engage with interactive entertainment are continuing to evolve, including through mobile devices and the fast-growing world of competitive gaming. Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned creatively, operationally and financially to capitalize on all of these opportunities and to deliver value to our customers and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by providing an update on our recent strategic accomplishments and then review our lineup for fiscal 2018. 
 In May, we further diversified our industry-leading portfolio of owned intellectual property through the acquisition of Kerbal Space Program, the critically acclaimed physics-based space simulation game. Created by independent developer Squad, Kerbal Space Program was originally released on PC in April 2015 and has sold over 2 million units to date. The title has been widely popular with critics and consumers alike, earning a Metacritic rating of 88 and a Steam user score of 97%. 
 In Kerbal Space Program, players must build a space-worthy craft capable of flying its crew of lovable beings called Kerbals into space. Players who successfully launch their spacecraft can explore their planets, moons and solar system as well as shares the unique creations and advice with a vibrant and growing online community. Kerbal Space Program is currently available solely through digital download for PC. The team at Squad will continue to provide support and ongoing development for the title through updates and additional content, including the previously announced Kerbal Space Program: Making History Expansion, which we will launch later this calendar year. Since completing the acquisition, sales of Kerbal Space Program outperformed their expectations. We view the brand as a new, long-term franchise that adds a well-respected and beloved IP to our portfolio as we continue to capitalize on opportunities across the independent development landscape. 
 Turning to the exciting and growing world of eSports. Our team and the NBA remain hard at work on setting the foundation for the launch of the NBA 2K eSports league in 2018. This joint venture builds upon the success of our NBA 2K brand and relationship with the NBA to bring together the best basketball gamers in the world, marking the first official competitive gaming league that is jointly owned by a U.S. professional sports league. We are thrilled to expand our presence in competitive gaming, and believe that the NBA 2K eSports league has a long-term potential to be a meaningful driver of profits for our company. 
 I'll now discuss our fiscal 2018 lineup. On September 19, 2K and Visual Concepts will launch NBA 2K18, the latest installment of our industry's #1 rated and #1 selling basketball series. The title will be available for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Windows PC and will also be our first offering for the Nintendo Switch. This year, the Cleveland Cavaliers, Kyrie Irving, will grace the cover of the NBA 2K18's Standard Edition, while the Toronto Raptors, DeMar DeRozan, will be the game's first ever cover athlete, specifically for the Canadian addition. In addition, 2016 Hall of Famer and 15-time NBA All-Star, Shaquille O'Neal, will be on the cover of the Legend Edition and Legend Edition Gold, which will retail for $99 and $149, respectively. Fans who preorder the standard edition of NBA 2K18 at participating North American retail and online vendors will receive Early Tip-Off access, ensuring that they receive their copy and in-game bonuses 4 days early on September 15. 
 On October 17, 2K, Visual Concepts and Yuke's will launch WWE 2K18, the newest offering from our popular simulation-based WWE series for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The title will also be available this fall for the Nintendo Switch, marking the first time in 5 years that the series has been released for a Nintendo platform. WWE superstar, Seth Rollins, will be the game's cover athlete, and decorated Olympian, WWE Hall of Famer and current Raw General Manager, Kurt Angle, will return to WWE in ring action virtually for the first time in more than a decade as a bonus character for those who preordered WWE 2K18 at participating retailers. In addition, 2K will celebrate the 15-year career of WWE superstar, John Cena to the limited worldwide release of the Cena Nuff Edition, which includes exclusive memorabilia and in-game content. WWE 2K18 will be supported with a series of post-launch downloadable content, including a Season Pass. 
 On August 29, 2K and Firaxis Games will release XCOM 2: War of the Chosen. The expansion pack for the 2016 award-winning strategy title for Windows PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. XCOM 2: War of the Chosen greatly expands upon XCOM 2's campaign and also includes new enemies, missions, environments and increased depth of strategic gameplay. 
 In the coming months, 2K and Firaxis Games will release an additional civilization and scenario packs for Sid Meier's Civilization VI, that will introduce 2 new leaders representing civilizations from Southeast Asia. This content will be available automatically at no extra cost for purchasers of the Civilization VI - Digital Deluxe edition. 
 Social Point is also hard at work. It has a number of exciting games planned for launch over the next 2 years. Looking ahead, we have an exceptional development pipeline across our labels, including new releases from our popular series and groundbreaking original intellectual property. In addition, we remain focused on finding new and innovative ways to increase consumer engagement and drive recurrent consumer spending as well as enhance our growth through emerging platforms, business models and geographies. The long-term opportunities for both our company and industry are more exciting than ever. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our first quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2018. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance.
 As mentioned by Strauss, our fiscal first quarter provided an excellent start to the year. Sales of our offerings exceeded our expectations, due primarily to the continued outperformance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online as well as recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K17. 
 Total net sales grew 28% to $348 million. Of this amount, 81% were digitally delivered net sales, which grew 47% to $281 million as we continue to benefit from growth in recurrent consumer spending as well as our industry's ongoing transition to full-game downloads. While the operating performance of our business exceeded our expectations, this outperformance is not reflected in our GAAP results for 2 reasons. First, our better-than-expected net sales was driven by titles that we have acquired to defer, and therefore, our GAAP revenues and profits will not benefit from these sales until future period. And second, because of the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, we recorded higher-than-forecasted internal royalties, which are calculated using results that are adjusted to exclude the impact of deferrals and unlike certain other costs of goods sold are not deferred. 
 Turning to some details from our first quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue grew by 34% to $480 million, and cost of goods sold increased by 2% to $195 million. Operating expenses increased by 9% to $173 million, due primarily to higher stock-based compensation, reorganization cost and inclusion of Social Point, partially offset by lower marketing expense. And GAAP net income increased to $60 million, or $0.56 per share, up from a net loss of $39 million or $0.46 per share. 
 In the first quarter, we recognized a $60 million GAAP tax benefit related to tax deductions from stock compensation expense. These [indiscernible] tax deductions were due to the increase in our stock price from the date that stock was granted through the dates that it backed it. Previously, these excess benefits were recorded in additional paid in capital. The new accounting guidelines require that they now be recognized in income tax expense. This benefit had no effect on our management reporting tax rates, which is 22%. Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2018 financial outlook, starting with the fiscal second quarter. We expect net sales to range from $465 million to $550 million. At the midpoint, this represents 2% growth versus the prior year. The largest contributor to net sales is expected to be NBA 2K18, along with Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $400 million to $450 million, and cost of goods sold to range from $194 million to $222 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $185 million to $195 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 14% increase over last year, driven by the inclusion of Social Point as well as higher R&D and stock compensation expense. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $17 million to $27 million or $0.15 to $0.25 per share. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. As a result of our better-than-expected first quarter operating results and improved forecast for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our outlook for both net sales and net cash provided by operating activities. We now expect net sales to range from $1.65 billion to $1.75 billion, up from our prior outlook of $1.42 billion to $1.52 billion. Net sales are expected to be down from fiscal 2017 due to fewer new releases and moderating sales from Grand Theft Auto V, partially offset by growth in sales from NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online as well as the acquisition of Social Point. 
 We now expect digitally delivered net sales to grow in the high single digits, driven by approximately 30% growth in the current [indiscernible]. The largest contributor to net sales are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online and WWE 2K18. We expect the net sales breakdown from our label to be roughly 55% 2K, 39% Rockstar Games and 6% Social Point and other. And we expect our geographic net sales split to be about 65% United States and 35% international. We now expect to generate approximately $200 million in net cash provided by operating activities, up from our prior outlook of approximately $150 million. And we plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditure. Although our operating performance is exceeding expectations and we are increasing our fiscal 2018 outlook, we are reducing our forecast for GAAP net revenue and net income. This is due to 2 factors. First, as a result of the continued success of Grand Theft Auto Online, we have determined that it is necessary to extend the life of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online for purposes of calculating deferral. This change has no effect on our net sales, cash flow or management reporting results, but it does extend the period over which we recognize GAAP net revenue. And second, because of this strong ongoing performance of Grand Theft Auto, we expect to report higher internal royalties, which unlike certain other costs of goods sold are not deferred. As a result, we now expect GAAP net revenues to range from $1.62 billion to $1.72 billion, and cost of goods sold to range from $732 million to $781 million. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to range from $770 million to $790 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 17% increase over the prior year, driven by the inclusion of Social Point and higher R&D expense. And we now expect GAAP net income to range from $112 million to $140 million or $1 to $1.25 per share. 
 In closing, we are very pleased with the start to fiscal 2018, which is poised to be another strong year for our organization. And we believe that fiscal 2019 will be a record year for both net sales and net cash provided by operating activities, which are expected to exceed $2.5 billion and $700 million, respectively. Over the long term, Take-Two is well positioned to capitalize on our many exciting opportunities around the world, and to generate growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering such a strong start to the year. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Eric Handler from MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Just in case I didn't miss it, I just want to make one quick question on GTA Online. So the full year is going to be up, first year -- the first quarter was the best quarter ever. Are you assuming that second, third and fourth quarters, we see declines? Or are you sort of begrudgingly admitting this game just continues to grow unbelievably quarter-after-quarter? And then secondly, I wondered if you could talk a little bit about the growth that you're seeing, put some numbers for us -- provide some numbers for us on the NBA 2K digital numbers? 
Lainie Goldstein: So I'll start with GTA Online. And it has really performed unbelievably. Q1, it outperformed, it beat our expectations. And -- we're heading into Q2. We see that Q2 will also be up over last year. But for Q3 and Q4, we still have it moderating slightly. But overall, we'll be up for the full year. And then for the NBA information, we haven't given out that level of detail. 
Eric Handler: Okay. You can't give like a directional number, double digits or anything along that line. 
Lainie Goldstein: Recurrent consumer spending, [indiscernible] as we mentioned, was up 64%. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tim O'Shea from Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: So by my math, you guys are increasing full year non-GAAP EPS outlook by around 30% to 41% from the outlook that you provided last quarter. So just given the relatively light release slate, it does seem like this growth is coming from recurrent consumer spending. And I know that Strauss spoke about how GTA Online should grow this year, given the record MAU levels in June and July, and obviously, NBA also sounds very strong. But I'd just love to hear your thoughts on what's driving this level of optimism around this non-GAAP EPS outlook? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the full year, we are looking the [indiscernible] due to our Q1 beat and then our improved outlook for the reminder of the year, which is driven by the improved forecast for GTA 5, GTA Online and NBA 2K. And we also increased our marketing expense for certain titles, GTA Online and some of the rest of the titles that are in our pipeline. 
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Olson from Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I have 2 questions, if I could. First, as we're talking about here, GTA Online, obviously, continues to beat expectations. Just curious what, if anything, do you think could slow it down? Is there a reason to believe that the launch of Red Dead is actually maybe the largest threat to GTA Online engagement? And then second, you mentioned full-game downloads exceed expectations. Can you share what percent of current gen sales or full-game downloads and what you would expect that to be by year-end? 
Strauss Zelnick: I think 4 years after its initial release, we're immensely gratified that Grand Theft Auto V continues to sell, sold in more than 80 million units and that -- it looks like Grand Theft Auto Online will have another record year. Beyond that, we're not making any projections. However, we have observed that when Rockstar Games drops additional robust content, people are enthusiastic about playing the game and monetization follows appropriately. And that's kind of how we look at the world. In terms of the competitive landscape going forward, look, our view is that all entertainment titles compete against every other, possible use of your time. And they don't compete specifically against our games or anyone else's games. They compete against everything, against text messaging, going to the movies, reading a book, doing your work, whatever else can occupy your time. Entertainment is a nice to have, not a must have. However, when there is more than one title in the marketplace that compels people, the market also expands to take advantage of it. So the marketplace can be competitive, but it's rarely directly competitive title, whether that's a title that comes out under the Take-Two umbrella or any of our competitors or anything else for that matter. That's sort of a roundabout way of saying, we're really looking forward to the release of Red Dead Redemption 2. We're really excited and enthusiastic, of course. We don't think that has anything to do at all with how Grand Theft Auto and Grand Theft Auto Online will perform. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. In terms of our full-game downloads for our new consoles, for Q1, we had -- it was at 40%, which is higher than usual for us because we were so heavily weighted towards our catalog titles during the quarter. But before the full year, we see it being at around 30%. 
Operator: Our next question is from Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Couple of questions. I was just wondering about the online MAUs for Grand Theft Auto relative to the new game sales. So do you see that ratio changing a lot as you sell more units of GTA 5 and you watch your online users? Is that ratio staying about the same? And is there still a lot of room to grow the online universe based on the game sales? And then the second thing, any updates on Red Dead for next year? And how -- what kind of lessons are you learning from GTA? Can you apply those to the Red Dead online universe? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We haven't given out many statistics in terms of the connection between purchases and users and how that's developed, except, of course, to say that we've experienced another record and expect to have a record result this fiscal year, which Lainie gave detail on. And -- I'm sorry, your second question was? 
Justin Post: Just any update on Red Dead and how do you think about that online universe, given what's going on with GTA? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. There are no updates apart from our enthusiasm about the release in spring of 2018. And what Rockstar Games has said is there will be an online component, no more details have been given. We've said as a company that our hope and expectation is that all of our significant releases offer consumers an opportunity to stay engaged after the initial release. And it's our belief that if you surprise and delight and excite consumers, then monetization can't be far behind and that's been our experience. Beyond that, we're not giving out any more details. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Schachter from Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: Few questions. Strauss, I'd love to hear your high level views on exclusive content for the various platforms. It seems like over the recent past, we haven't seen a lot of exclusives, but -- as app stores and potentially new services become more important, do you think that will change? And then separately, AR versus VR, Strauss -- I think you were correctly skeptical of virtual reality's growth. So far it hasn't done much. Now just wondering what your views are on augmented reality. And then finally, just definitionally, I consider Borderlands, a 2K title, is that correct? Or because it's developed by Gearbox, should I not think of it as a 2K title? 
Karl Slatoff: So I'll just give the third one, the easiest one. Yes, Borderlands is a 2K title. So it's published by 2K, developed by Gearbox. So that's quick answer to that question. In terms of platform exclusivities, we don't really focus too much on that. I think, for us, the priority for us is to make sure that our entertainment -- our products are available as widely as possible on as many platforms as possible. There may be specific game-related reasons for us to do a certain level of exclusivity by platform, but there really is no strategic focus on increasing or decreasing that going forward. 
Strauss Zelnick: Ben, it's Strauss. In terms of AR versus VR, they're completely different user experiences. And the concerns that I raise regarding VR are not applicable to AR. In order to have an AR experience, you don't necessarily have to be wearing glasses or a headset. You're not burdened by being in a particular location. And the discomfort factor doesn't exist necessarily. And we've already seen a very successful AR title with Pokemon GO, a very successful title. And one can talk endlessly about their trajectory of that title, how it peaked relatively quickly, separate issue. But I have no skepticism about the possibilities for AR. It's in the hands of the developers. Are they passionate about an idea, and is the idea brought to reality in a spectacular, exciting and compelling way? So I think there is great opportunity. Remains to be seen if the AR technology itself is what creates the opportunity. This entertainment business that we're in here is a sort of -- is unique and that it's this combination of technology and what that means in terms of gameplay, character, story and graphics. It's unusual that so many moving parts in any given time and for the full history of this business since its inception, as one piece moves ahead, other pieces move ahead. So it's pretty hard to predict what will excite consumers, and we don't -- We, sitting here today, from a corporate point of view, don't propose to predict that. But that's what our 2,200 creative folks are in the business of doing and our strategy is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient. And I think what you're talking about is in innovation, and we're proud of the innovations that our creative teams are focused on every day. So more to come, but I don't have any skepticism, particularly about AR technology. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ray Stochel from Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: The first question would be if there is any change to your initial 2019 outlook, given the increase in guidance for this year? 
Lainie Goldstein: As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there -- we don't have a change. We are reiterating what we said last quarter, and net sales above $2.5 billion and cash from operations above $700 million. 
Raymond Stochel: Got it. And I think you may have mentioned some marketing timing being put back into this year. Is that a timing shift or just additional marketing for your properties that you're trying to take end users for? And then separately, how are you guys thinking about your mix of marketing, whether that be from social influencers, whether that be from retail or whether that be more media-related ad spots? 
Lainie Goldstein: So the marketing expense being higher that I mentioned in our new outlook, that is additional marketing for some of our titles. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of mix of marketing, I think we are seeing a change of mix. I -- and that doesn't -- that's not to say that we don't have the same kind of opportunities that we had in the past in traditional marketing, television, outdoor or otherwise. We are obviously seeing more opportunities to be more efficient on -- from a marketing perspective. Social media presents all kinds of new and interesting opportunities for us. But in terms of very significant meaningful changes that would impact your models or expectations, I would say no. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Hickey from The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Yes. Strauss, I think you may have touched on this. I'm going to ask anyway. I guess when you look at GTA Online and your record MAU that you're seeing in June and July, I think you said, obviously, new content is important and clearly, that seems to be the case in this quarter. So I was thinking -- I guess I'm wondering how you sort of balance new content with continued catalog sales. They obviously both seem to be big drivers here, but you would expect, I guess, over time that catalog sales might slow. Then I have a quick follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: One would expect that catalog sales would slow over time, certainly. And we also when we outlined our expectations for Grand Theft Auto Online for this fiscal year, we felt that sales would moderate, has not turned out to be the case in the first quarter. We're not expecting to be the case in the second. But as Lainie said, we are expecting sales to moderate in the third and fourth quarter, would still yield a record year. And of course, we have to see how it pencils out. But yes, unit sales of the full game would normally decline over time. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. The -- and I guess on GTA Online, when you think about sort of the construct of monetization, obviously, record performance here, record MAU. Is that -- is the monies collected just primarily the growth there from increase in player base? Or are you also seeing some effects maybe in paid conversion rate or ARPU? And secondarily, I guess when you think about maybe medium to longer term, where you see the biggest opportunity for the game, geography wise or platform wise? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're not giving out more color in terms of conversion and ARPPU or ARPU on the title except the information that we already gave in terms of where the game is going. Rockstar Games has said that there is more content to come for Grand Theft Auto Online and we're excited about that, and I think consumers are too. Beyond that, in terms of where the title goes creatively or where any franchise goes creatively, as you know, Mike, we leave those discussions and announcements to our labels. 
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Creutz from Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: Yes. When I'm thinking about the size of the beat in the quarter and particularly in a quarter where you didn't have any new releases and where you were, I think 7 weeks deep in the quarter when you gave guidance. I'm just trying to wrap my head around, was there something that just really inflected positively in the back half of the quarter that you didn't expect? Was it more a case of you expected things to sort of really slow down in the back half of the quarter and they didn't? And then if you could let us know what your catalog net sales were in the quarter, that would be helpful too? 
Strauss Zelnick: So we did have very successful release of the Gunrunning update in the quarter and that generated a lot of enthusiasm and net sales reflected that enthusiasm. So I think you properly capture that. And in terms of your question regarding catalog, Lainie will take that one. 
Lainie Goldstein: The catalog sales are about 94% in the quarter. 
Douglas Creutz: 94% of the total? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. So it was $326.2 million of net sales. 
Operator: Our next question is from San Phan from Mizuho. 
San Phan: I was just curious, as you look ahead to Red Dead, is there any reason that you think that geo mix for that game would change your -- the -- in order to speak different from what you're seeing with GTA or maybe even the last Red Dead game from your -- the prior launch? 
Strauss Zelnick: I understand why you're posing the question given the theme. We had a great worldwide result with the Red Dead Redemption. We expect it'll have a similar geographical mix to any titles of that scale. We pride ourselves on our world-wide marketing and distribution organization. The international markets continue to develop for us and for our competitors. We're incredibly excited, for example, about what's going on in Asia, where there's a lot of growth. So no, we don't have any reason to believe that geographical mix will differ. 
Operator: Our next question is from Drew Crum from Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Strauss, can you comment on your early expectations for the NBA eLeague? Is that an important piece of the confidence behind next year's guidance for record sales or is it not material? And then separately, on the pipeline, I think you mentioned that there are a couple of games in development from Social Point will be out over the next 2 years. Is that -- is anything embedded in fiscal '18 guidance? And as it relates to Red Dead, any contemplation in making that game available on PC? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, let's distinguish our collective enthusiasm for the NBA eLeague from our financial expectations because we've included no results in our outlook for -- from that. And that's, again, not a reflection of a shortage of interest or enthusiasm, we have plenty of that. But our style around here is that we don't claim victory before it occurs. We work really hard to create something and really diligently to do so, and then we tell you how it goes afterwards, candidly, for what it's worth. We think it's an amazing opportunity. The NBA is a great partner. Brandon [indiscernible] is doing a fantastic job, building a team to exploit the opportunity. We have a schedule coming in '18. We have 17 teams who are signed up to participate. But the business model is still uncertain in the space, as I've said before. And there's really only one game in this space that generates a whole lot of revenue right now. And again, we think there is a wonderful opportunity, but we're not yet at the point where we would include that in our results. In terms of Social Point games that are in development, those are included in our outlook. And as I mentioned, that deal is not very old around here, but it's still already performing much better than our expectations. Net sales are up double digits in the quarter. 
Andrew Crum: And Red Dead on PC, Strauss, any update there? 
Strauss Zelnick: Any updates about any of our titles will come from our labels. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. 
Stephen Ju: So Strauss and Lainie, when the business was completely physical discs, you were in a position where you had to predict the number of units sold, but now you not only have to predict units, but you also have to predict consumer engagement and monetization. So where the business is now, is it inherently more predictable or unpredictable? As I guess, another way to ask the question is, as the cycle of new content drops, the rise in engagement and the monetization that follows, is that a pretty predictable business? 
Strauss Zelnick: I know -- I actually don't think it's any more or less predictable. The vagaries of creative businesses though are well known to all of us. When you're putting out the next iteration in a beloved franchise, generally, as you come to completion between the installed base, which is the information that we have and the experience we had in the prior release within the franchise, we come pretty close to, I think, the fence. We -- the biggest benefit of moving into digital, of course, is that we don't have any sort of economic order quantity concerns. We don't have to worry about how many units we produce or overproducing or underproducing because a digital game is always available. There is also an enormous benefit for our catalog because our catalog title that isn't selling a lot of units won't be on shelves or may not be on shelves, but it's always available in digital form. And finally, of course, our margins, both percentage and dollars are higher with digital distribution. So this is one of these situations where it's all good news. Perhaps, the only bad news, if there is bad news, is obviously when you buy a digital version of a game, you don't have the ability to trade in the used title later. So from a consumer point of view, I -- it could be seen that it's more expensive to buy a frontline title. How do we deal with about? We aren't really -- We weren't particularly subject to used game sales at all because we pride ourselves in having the highest quality titles in the marketplace, people don't like trading in our games, typically. So I think from this company's point of view, the movement to digital, which to be clear, we have no influence over. We need to be where the consumer is. We don't try to order the market. We try to be responsive and be at service to our consumers. However, the movement to digital distribution is definitely a very good thing for our company and for the industry. 
Karl Slatoff: Stephen, in the terms of engagement, which is kind of code for recurrent consumer spending, again, that's not really necessarily a -- has an effect on our predictability. It just -- it really -- that's a factor of extending the life of the product and then enabling to monetize more effectively and for a longer period of time. So when we know we have a hit and we know engagement is high, then we can consider that we're going to have -- obviously have better results for a longer period of time. So it's really not about predictability. It's more about how effectively we monetize. 
Operator: Our next question is from Evan Wingren from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Evan Wingren: Can you -- two platform questions. I guess just how important is PC as a platform for your major titles on a go-forward basis from maybe a few years ago? 
Karl Slatoff: So the answer to that is it really depends on a title. I mean, some titles are actually heavily weighted to PC, for example, Civilization and XCOM. Some titles are less weighted to PC. So it really depends on a title by title basis. The great news is that the PC market is vibrant for us. It's a great market for us, it's a big market, it's a core market. These are -- and consumers that are highly engaged. It's a predominantly digital market, which also removes friction in terms of ongoing engagement with a consumer. So for us, the PC market, as a company, is very important and very exciting and something we focus on. 
Evan Wingren: Okay. And then secondarily, obviously, you're supporting the Switch. Can you maybe just give us an idea of how your perspective on that platform has evolved over the past, call it, 6 months and where you see its potential? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're -- we were excited 6 months ago and supportive. We are excited now. We have NBA 2K and WWE 2K coming for Switch. The sales have been great. We expect the sales to continue to be great. We're very optimistic around the platform. We're very supportive of Nintendo. So the only thing that's changed in the last 6 months is our initial belief has been reinforced by the early very strong results.
 Thank you all for joining us. Thanks for your questions. Really appreciate it. We're really pleased with and proud of the results from the quarter and, as always, we appreciate your attention and your support. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-05-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year '17 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Diamond, you may begin 
Henry Diamond: Good morning. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 ended March 31, 2017. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We've no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 [Audio Gap]
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP, and unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are year-over-year. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, all of us here at Take-Two all around the world want to acknowledge and express our sympathy in the wake of these terrible and tragic attacks in Manchester. It's terribly sad that at an entertainment event, where people went to be pleased and delighted, that this terrible thing occurred, and we're deeply saddened by it, and obviously, puts into context the conversations we're having today.
 So with that said, we'll turn our attention to business. Consumer demand for offerings remained exceedingly strong in the fourth quarter, finishing off another outstanding year for our organization. During fiscal 2017, we delivered bookings that significantly exceeded our expectations, along with revenue growth and margin expansion. These results were driven by the continued extraordinary performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, a diverse array of titles from 2K and record digitally delivered revenue and bookings, including our highest-ever from recurrent consumer spending.
 Our business performance converted into substantial cash provided by our operating activities, which grew 27% to $331 million. We invested our capital to grow and diversify our business further, including acquiring Social Point, a leading free-to-play mobile game developer. As of March 31, 2017, we had $1.4 billion in cash and short-term investments. Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online outperformed our expectations during the fourth quarter as they have in every period since their release. Grand Theft Auto V remains our industry's standard bearer for creative excellence and the highest-rated game of the current console generation, with selling now surpassing 80 million units. The title continues to attract and delight new audiences; especially, the install base of PlayStation 4 and Xbox One expands further. In addition, Grand Theft Auto Online again delivered year-over-year bookings growth in the fourth quarter, substantially exceeding our expectations and was the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending.  Rockstar Games has driven sustained engagement through the ongoing release of a wide array of 3 additional content. Most recently, the Cunning Stunts: Special Vehicle Circuit update, followed by the Land Grab and Tiny Racers modes. In total, Rockstar Games released 12 significant updates during fiscal 2017, coupled with a regular weekly schedule of new content offerings and as much more planned going forward.  It's a remarkable achievement that recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online has grown every year since its release and reached record levels in fiscal 2017 more than 3 years after its initial launch.
 Our results also benefited from 2K's robust holiday lineup. NBA 2K17 remains the top-rated sports game of the current console generation and is poised to become our highest-selling sports title ever, with selling to date of nearly 8 million units. Engagement with and recurrent consumer spending on our industry-leading basketball series continues to grow, with over 2 billion games of NBA 2K17 played on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, up 16% over NBA 2K16. More than 1.3 billion of these games were multiplayer, a 40% increase, and the average time the consumer spent playing multiplayer games increased by nearly 30%. This remarkably strong engagement helps to drive record recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K, which grew 71% during fiscal 2017. Furthermore, we're thrilled to broaden our industry-leading basketball brand and expand our footprint in the evolving world of competitive gaming, with the upcoming launch of the NBA 2K eSports league, which Karl will discuss in more detail. Mafia III was praised by the media and consumers alike for setting new creative benchmarks through its deep storytelling, diverse characters and authentic period setting. The title's being supported with downloadable content, including a Season Pass that delivers 3 narrative-focused experiences, which expand the world of New Bordeaux with thrilling new storylines alongside characters, both familiar and new. Mafia III's add-on content also brings fresh new locations to explore gameplay mechanics, weapons, vehicles, outfits and activities. We're proud of Hangar 13's inaugural release, which is now sold in more than 5 million units. WWE 2K17 continued to build on the success of our popular sports entertainment series and is sold in approximately 3 million units today. Developed collaboratively by Yuke's and Visual Concepts, WWE 2K17 is being supported with downloadable add-on content, including a Season Pass. We believe there remains a substantial long-term growth opportunity for the WWE 2K series by further leveraging the development of marketing talent of 2K and Visual Concepts, which are responsible for the tremendous success of NBA 2K. Sid Meier's Civilization received stellar reviews and is the fastest-selling title in the history of the series, with selling to date of nearly 2 million units. The robust post-launch content for Civilization VI includes the Australia Civilization & Scenario Pack and the Persia and Macedon Civilization & Scenario Pack. In addition, 2 more civilization & scenario packs will be added automatically for owners of the Civilization VI - Digital Deluxe edition at no extra cost. We're immensely grateful to Sid and the team at Firaxis Games, who captivated audiences for more than 25 years and continue to raise the bar for this beloved strategy series, which is sold in more than 40 million units worldwide. In addition, a number of other releases within catalog titles contributed to our fiscal 2017 results, including NBA 2K16, BioShock: The Collection and XCOM 2. We continue to benefit from our industry's ongoing transition to digital distribution. In fiscal 2017, we delivered record digitally delivered revenues in bookings, driven by growth in both full-game downloads and recurrent consumer spending. Recurrent consumer spending grew 52% to its highest level ever and accounted for 57% of digitally delivered bookings or nearly 1/3 of total bookings. In addition to record sales of virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. Starting with the free-to-play category, WWE SuperCard delivered its best year ever, with bookings up more than 70% and total downloads now exceeding 14 million. During fiscal 2017, we released 3 updates for the title that significantly enhanced this popular card game -- card battle game. NBA 2K online, which remains the #1 PC online sports game in China, with approximately 35 million registered users also enjoyed record results, including strong double-digit bookings growth.
 And Social Point, which we acquired in January, already is outperforming our expectations. Bookings from its 2 biggest games, Dragon City and Monster Legends, grew in the fourth quarter, and daily average revenue per user increased nearly 30%. We expect this acquisition to be a significant contributor to recurrent consumer spending in fiscal 2018 and a meaningful growth opportunity over the long term. In the downloadable add-on content category, bookings grew substantially, led by our offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, WWE 2K and XCOM 2.
 As announced yesterday, Rockstar Games have decided to move the release of Red Dead Redemption through the spring 2018. Red Dead Redemption 2 will be their first game created from the ground up for the latest generational console hardware and some extra time is necessary to ensure the best experience possible. Thus, decisions are not made lightly and are driven by our team's unwavering commitment to unparalleled quality. That said, we still expect fiscal 2018 to be a year of strong earnings and cash provided by our operating activities for Take-Two, despite an unusually light release slate. Our ability to project significant profits with lineup that solely includes new frontline releases of our annual sports entertainment titles reflect the strength of our robust catalog led by Grand Theft Auto and a substantial contribution we now received from recurrent consumer spending. While we still have much opportunity to make our release slate and results more consistent over time, our enterprise has been transformed into a significantly higher margin business than at any time in its history. Looking ahead to fiscal 2019, we expect to deliver both record net sales and record net cash provided by operating activities led by the launches of Rockstar Games, Red Dead Redemption 2 and a highly anticipated new title from one of 2K's biggest franchises.
 As the audience for interactive entertainment continues to grow and our industry leverages new technologies, Take-Two is benefiting from these positive trends in numerous ways. Whether a broader canvas on which we can create groundbreaking entertainment or digital distribution channels, new business models and emerging platforms that are expanding the way consumers experience our games, there's never been a more exciting time for our company and our industry. Take-Two is superbly positioned to capitalize on all these opportunities creatively, operationally and financially, and continue to deliver value to our customers and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by congratulating our teams on delivering a very strong fourth quarter and another exceptional year for Take-Two. Our fiscal 2017 results reflect our company's ability to deliver the highest quality entertainment experiences across a variety of genres, platforms and distribution channels. Moreover, we continue to find new and innovative ways to increase our audiences' engagement with our renowned brands. It is our teams' create vision and tireless dedication to excellence that drives our success, and they continue to set new benchmarks for groundbreaking entertainment that captivates players around the world.
 I'll now discuss our recent strategic accomplishment: the formation of the NBA 2K eSports league. The emergence of competitive gaming as a spectator sport represents an incredibly exciting opportunity for both our industry and Take-Two. According to research firm, Newzoo, audience for competitive gaming has grown to over 250 million people, nearly half of which are avid viewers that watch major international events. In addition, the financial opportunity is substantial, as the competitive gaming market is expected to reach 1.1 billion by 2019. While our initial forays into this space were tournaments for NBA 2K16 and 17 that were designed to benefit marketing and the brand, we believe that with a right partner, competitive gaming could be a direct driver of revenues and profits for our company over the long term. To that end, we were thrilled to announce in February an exciting joint venture with the NBA to create and launch the NBA 2K eSports league. This partnership builds upon the success of our NBA 2K brand and relationship with the NBA to bring together the best basketball gamers in the world, marking the first official competitive gaming league that is jointly owned by a U.S. professional of sports league. The NBA 2K eSports league will launch in 2018, and 17 out of the NBA's 30 teams will participate in the inaugural season. Teams will be comprised professional eSports players, who will play NBA 2K as user-generated avatars in a 5-on-5 format. The teams will compete head-to-head throughout a regular season, which will culminate with bracketed playoffs and a championship matchup. We believe that the NBA 2K eSports league has a long-term potential to generate significant revenues and profit through broadcasting rights, ticket sales, pay-per-view events, sponsorships, advertising and merchandise, just like any other professional sports league. We recently announced the appointment of sports industry veteran and NBA executive, Brendan Donohue, as the league Managing Director, and we will have more updates to share about the league's progress in coming months.
 Turning to our fiscal 2018 lineup. 2K and Visual Concepts are hard at work on NBA 2K18, the latest installment of our industry's perennial #1 rated and #1 selling basketball series. Earlier this month, 2K announced that 2016 Hall of Famer and 15-time NBA All-Star, Shaquille O'Neal, will be on the cover of this year's Legend Edition and Legend Edition Gold, which will retail for $99 and $149, respectively. NBA 2K18's Legend Editions follow the success of prior special edition and represent the franchise's increased focus on premium consumer offerings, with more virtual currency and digital items bundled together for maximum consumer value. These collections will include special Shaq-themed memorabilia and content, celebrating his legacy as one of the most dominant centers in NBA history. NBA 2K18 will be available on September 19 for PlayStations 4, PlayStations 3, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Nintendo Switch and Windows PC. 2K will have more to share about the title, including announcing the cover athlete for the standard edition in the coming weeks.
 This fall, our popular simulation-based WWE series will return with WWE 2K18, featuring authentic hard-hitting action, fan-favorite game modes, match types, creation capabilities and everything players have come to love from the series. WWE 2K18 looks to bring everyone closer to the in-ring actions than ever before. In addition to our annual sports titles, we will have new downloadable add-on content for our recent frontline releases. Next week, Hangar 13 and 2K will launch Stones Unturned, the second of 3 story-driven add-ons for Mafia III. 2K also will soon reveal more about the third and final expansion Sign of the Times, which is planned to release later this summer. And in the coming months, 2K and Firaxis Games will release 2 additional civilization & scenario packs for Sid Meier's Civilization VI and will introduce 3 new leaders representing civilizations from Africa and Southeast Asia. This content will be available automatically at no extra cost for purchasers of the Civilization VI - Digital Deluxe edition upon their release.
 Social Point is also hard at work on its robust development pipeline and has a number of exciting games planned for launch over the next 2 years. Next month, at E3 in Los Angeles, we'll have a corporate booth on the show floor. We will not be showing any new products, but we will be holding business development, investor relations, media and sales meetings throughout the show. Looking beyond the current fiscal year, we have a strong development pipeline across both of our labels, which include new releases from a popular series, along with groundbreaking new IP. We remain focused on delivering the highest quality titles and supporting them with digitally delivered offerings that provide additional value to consumers as well as drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending. Coupled with our emerging opportunities and competitive gaming, mobile and geographic expansion, our potential for growth over the long term is better than ever.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 results and then review our financial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2018. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. As mentioned by Strauss, our fiscal fourth quarter provided a strong finish to another great year for Take-Two. Sales of our offerings exceeded our expectations due primarily to the continued outperformance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, total bookings growing 14% to $371 million in the fourth quarter. Of this amount, 72% was digitally delivered bookings, which grew 28% to $257 million as we continued to benefit from growth in recurrent consumer spending as well as our industry's ongoing transition to full-game downloads. 
 While the performance of our business exceeded our expectations as reflected in our strong bookings and cash flow growth, this outperformance is not reflected in our GAAP results for 2 reasons. First, our bookings outperformance is driven by titles that we have acquired [indiscernible], and therefore, our revenues and profits won't benefit from these bookings until future period. And second, because of the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, we recorded higher-than-forecasted internal royalties, which are calculated using results that are adjusted to exclude the impact of deferrals and unlike certain other costs of goods sold are not deferred.
 Turning to some details from our fourth quarter income statement. GAAP net revenue grew by 52%, to $572 million, and cost of goods sold increased 50% to $315 million. This growth was driven primarily by the recognition of previously deferred revenues and costs from Mafia III. Operating expenses increased by 18% to $145 million due primarily to higher stock-based compensation, legal and IT expense. And GAAP net income increased by 114% to $99 million, or $0.89 per share. For the full fiscal year, we delivered bookings in cash provided by operating activities that substantially exceeded the original outlook we gave last year. These results were driven primarily by the sustained outperformance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online coupled with better-than-expected sales of NBA 2K and record recurrent consumer spending. Total bookings grew 19% to $1.8 billion, driven primarily by the launches of Mafia III and Sid Meier's Civilization VI, along with growth of bookings from NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online. Of this amount, 55% were digitally delivered bookings, which grew 25% to a new record of $987 million. Our better-than-expected bookings converted into strong net cash provided by operating activities, which grew 27% to $331 million. We spent $21 million in capital expenditures, and we acquired Social Point for $175 million in cash, along with 1.5 million shares of Take-Two common stock. As of March 31, our cash and short-term investments balance was $1.4 billion.
 Turning to some details from our fiscal 2017 income statement. GAAP net revenue and cost of goods sold each grew 26% to $1.78 billion and $1.02 billion, respectively due primarily to the launches of Mafia III and Sid Meier's Civilization VI as well as the recognition of higher revenues and costs from the growth of NBA 2K. Operating expenses increased by 9% to $665 million due primarily to marketing expenses for fiscal 2017 release slate and Red Dead Redemption 2 as well as expense, professional fees and stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by the absence of a business reorganization charge recorded in fiscal 2015. And GAAP net income increased to $67 million, or $0.72 per share, up from a net loss of $8 million, or $0.10 per share. As noted in our press release, starting with our financial outlook and results for fiscal first quarter 2018, we are replacing bookings with net sales as an operational metric. The company is making this change in order to increase transparency and to be consistent with the operational metrics provided by our peers. Net sales is defined as the net amount of products and services sold digitally or sold physically during the period. Unlike bookings, net sales includes licensing fees, merchandise, in-game advertising strategy guides and publisher incentives.
 Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2018 financial outlook. Further details are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Starting with the fiscal first quarter. We expect net sales to range from $240 million to $290 million. The largest contributors are expected to be Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K17 and WWE 2K17. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $390 million to $440 million and cost of goods sold to range from $147 million to $175 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $160 million to $170 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 4% increase over last year, driven by the acquisition of Social Point. Now we expect GAAP net income to range from $74 million to $85 million, or $0.65 to $0.75 per share.
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We expect net sales to range from $1.42 billion to $1.52 billion. This is expected to be down from fiscal 2017 due to fewer new releases and moderating sales from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, partially offset by growth from our NBA 2K and WWE 2K series as well as the acquisition of Social Point. We expect digital to increase as percentage of net sales and to be down slightly on an absolute dollar basis. A slight decline in digitally delivered net sales is expected to be driven by lower full-game downloads due to a lighter release slate, which is expected to be largely offset by mid-single-digit growth in the recurrent consumer spending. The largest contributors in net sales are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online and WWE 2K18. We expect the net sales breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% 2K, 34% Rockstar Games and 6% Social Point. And we expect our geographic net sales split to be about 65% United States and 35% international. We expect to generate approximately $150 million in net cash provided by operating activities, and we plan to deploy approximately $60 million for capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $671 million to $712 million. GAAP net revenue is expected to increase due to the recognition of previously deferred revenues from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online as well as NBA 2K. GAAP cost of goods sold is expected to decrease primarily due to lower software development costs and lower internal royalty. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $720 million to $740 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 10% increase over the prior year, driven by the acquisition of Social Point. And we expect net income to range from $504 million to $540 million, or $4.35 to $4.55 per share.
 In closing, our ability to deliver consistently, the highest quality interactive entertainment experiences balanced with a disciplined focus on operational excellence enabled to deliver growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow in fiscal 2017. Fiscal 2018 is poised to be another strong year for Take-Two, despite an unusually light release slate. And fiscal 2019 promises to be one of our best years yet, with net sales and net cash provided by operating activities expected to exceed $2.5 billion and $700 million, respectively. Over the long term, our company is better positioned than ever to generate growth and margin expansion for our shareholder. Thank you.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another outstanding year. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I don't know what you can say around it, but I'm sure there can be various reasons for a game to be delayed, some good in the sense that you could be adding more content or other features or it could be that there's something mechanically wrong with the game. Can you provide any context around what category this delay would fall into? And then secondly, as you said, recurrent consumer spend for GTA Online has grown every year since launch. Does the fiscal 2018 revenue guidance including that GTA Online specifically grows or declines year-over-year? 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, it's Strauss. I think the purpose of the delay for Red Dead Redemption 2 is to make sure that we deliver the most extraordinary experience we're capable of providing. We haven't gone into particular issues. We are building a new game from the ground up for the first time for new generation consoles, and the pressure that we put on ourselves to deliver excellence and to delight consumers is extraordinary. And we want to make sure that the appropriate time is taken to do the very best job we can, and I think that's what consumers expect of Rockstar Games, and that's what Rockstar Games typically delivers. So we support emphatically the label's decision, and we're utterly confident that it'll prove that in time to be wise, first and foremost, creatively and artistically and economically as well. And to your second question, Lainie will take that. 
Lainie Goldstein: Our guidance assumes that GTA Online will moderate in a [ nonfiscal ] year 2018. It did grow significantly in 2017, and we continue to support it. But since it's unlike anything else that we've ever had and we have very little visibility into how long it will continue this trend of growth, we've included it as moderating in this year's guidance. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tim O'Shea with Jeffrey. 
Timothy O'Shea: I just have 2, one for Strauss and one for Lainie. So Strauss, just I hope -- I was just hoping you could share how anticipation is building ahead of the big Red Dead launch and maybe what kind of signals are your tracking from the community that might help give us confidence around how big of a launch this might be. And then just for Lainie, obviously, you're shifting Red Dead into fiscal '19, but as you think about outlook, I'm just curious if there are any costs embedded in that fiscal '18 outlook around Red Dead maybe for marketing or something like that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, Tim, I appreciate it. The -- it's not really my nature or our nature to claim victory before it occurs, more a nature to do the very best we can to delight consumers and then report the results. To say that we're highly confident about Red Dead Redemption 2 is an extraordinary understatement, but I'm not sure that really matters. In the fullness of time, the title will be released and consumers get to vote. There is no doubt that the engagement with the materials that we released was extraordinary, the screenshots are beautiful, the buzz is palpable and growing. But beyond that, Rockstar Games will talk about how the title is progressing and how consumers are responding in the fullness of time. So it does fall into the category of how high is up. It is a highly anticipated title, that's an understatement. But it's our style to say, look, we do the very best we can and the results will speak for themselves. 
Lainie Goldstein: And we are including marketing for Red Dead Redemption 2 in our fiscal year 2018 guidance. Since it's a spring release, we will certainly see some marketing for the title during the fiscal year. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So I want to go back to GTA Online. Talk about what Rockstar's plans are for content fiscal '18, if there's any change there given the timing of Red Dead 2. And then separately, on Social Point, can you remind us what the earn-outs are for calendar '17 and '18, what's embedded in guidance? And it looks like there's no new games planned for Social Point, but you follow the same protocol, rely on them to make the game announcements and then expound upon those with earnings calls. 
Strauss Zelnick: Drew, it's Strauss. On GTA Online, we have said that plenty more content is coming. More announcements will be made by Rockstar Games. The title is absolutely being supported by the label. Consumers love it. It remains an enormous focus of everyone's attention. We remain very excited about it even though our financial results are expected to moderate. In terms of Red Dead Redemption 2 coming, that's unrelated to the GTA Online, as I've said many times before, all entertainment from all enterprises competes with everyone and competes with no one. Entertainment stands on its own. No one ever needs another entertainment property. When there's nothing in the marketplace that excites us, we stay home. When there's plenty in the marketplace that excites us, we buy as much as we can afford. So I don't believe there's any connection between Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Redemption 2. And certainly, here, at our enterprise, we're full steam ahead, supporting all of our successful properties and always trying to make more as we go along. 
Karl Slatoff: And just to address your question about the earn-out. So the sellers are eligible to receive an earn-out. It's a public -- you can look it out yourself. It's basically 4.5x every dollar of EBITDA earned by Social Point, in excess of $32.5 million in 2017 and $38.5 million in 2018. And that maximum -- that amount is capped at $25.9 million. That's how the earn-out works. And what's your last -- what's your other question about Social Point? I missed that one. 
Andrew Crum: So you haven't -- it looks like you've not announced any new games as part of fiscal '18. Is it possible some slip in this year? Or should we not assume anything for fiscal '18? 
Karl Slatoff: What we have said is that Social Point has got a pipeline of games that are coming out over the next couple of years. We'd not announced timing about when those games are. There are games in various stages of development and testing. It's a little bit of a different process than we thought with our other 2 labels just given the nature of the games themselves. It's more of an iterative development and release strategy. But rest assured, there are games in the pipeline over the next couple of years. 
Andrew Crum: Okay. And Karl, just to go back to the first part of the question, the $32 million and $38 million, respectively, of EBITDA. Are you assuming that Social Point hit those thresholds as part of your guidance? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're not commenting on where it fits. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: When you look at your full-game digital downloads, where are you right now as you end fiscal '17? Like what percentage of your games are getting the full-game download versus what you are implying with your guidance for fiscal '19  -- fiscal '18 and how you think that trend is progressing? Secondly, with regard to your statement about fiscal '19, the last time you guys generated $700 million of operating cash flow was the launch year for GTA 5 and you did $4.26 that year. I'm just curious, is that sort of like a good baseline to think about for EPS in fiscal '19? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric, and really appreciate the [indiscernible]. On full-game downloads, digital distribution is responsible for roughly 25% of our console sales and about 90% of our PC sales. For frontline for catalog, it's obviously greater. We expect that in our numbers to be roughly the same going forward. Strategically, however, over time, we think digital distribution grows as a percentage of total revenue. For fiscal '19, we're not commenting on EPS. I think we've given a good deal of visibility already. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Two questions. First, does the delay of Red Dead impact any of other Rockstar's other projects? And then secondly, could you help us frame the opportunity for NBA eSports relative to the current revenues that the franchise is generating? Like how would you think about the incremental revenue opportunity? 
Strauss Zelnick: The decision to move the release of Red Dead Redemption 2 will have no impact on any of Rockstar Games' other activities. With regard to our eSports venture, about which we're -- we just couldn't be more excited, actually just met yesterday with Brandan and with the Commissioner in for our standard catch-up meetings, and we're just thrilled with the progress that the venture is making. And there'll be more said about that in the future. However, we're not including that progress in our outlook. And that's not because we're not optimistic. We are. It's just too early to size it. We know that if we get this right, there's an amazing opportunity for the fans, and therefore, an amazing economic opportunity. That's always how we look at the world. However, we have not included it in our outlook. 
Justin Post: Any way of framing it, like 3 or 5 years out, like how you think about it? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's so tempting to share my views. But it sort of falls in the category of -- I'm an optimist. Couple of the folks sitting on the table with me here are pessimists. But it doesn't matter, and we've proven in the 10 years that we managed this business that our opinions are irrelevant. We show up every day, as do 3,400 of our colleagues. We work super hard to be the most creative, efficient and innovative organization in the entertainment business. Sometimes, we get it wrong, and we take responsibility. More often than not, we get it right, and we see the results. That's what we're trying to do here. I'm really confident that we will get it right. And if we do, I think the economic results for both the venture and for our game related to the venture will be nothing short of astonishing. But that's just what I think. And frankly, I wouldn't put a whole lot of stock in that. We're moving in that direction, and certainly, our goal, and it's our collective goal. And look, we're the first professional sport to launch a competitive gaming league. And the excitement among the fans, among the teams at the NBA and here at 2K and Take-Two is palpable. It's our job now to hunker down and turn that into reality, and the money will follow. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of San Phan with Mizuho. 
San Phan: Can you tell us how much of the growth in NBA 2K unit sales is coming from the U.S. versus international? And then the second question is something more broad. Does the ongoing success you're seeing in recurrent digital spend change your view in strategy with frontline title releases in any way? 
Strauss Zelnick: So we don't break out international or domestic sales for NBA. However, international growth has been a big benefit for us. We are focused on it. We focus more on localization. We have local commentators. As the sport grows overseas, so does our game. And there's an anonymous amount of ongoing opportunity. In terms of recurrent consumer spending, yes, we have said that as we look at future releases, all of them are built with an eye towards ongoing engagement. So this business used to be a business where we did our best to create this extraordinary experience, the experience was finished, we launched it into the market, the consumer voted, we went on to the next, and we had a catalog. And because the technology was constantly changing to encapsulate the limited value. All of that has now changed in reverse order. Catalog now has much more value. We have the highest-selling catalog per SKU, frankly, because we have the highest Metacritic scores, and our quality holds up over time. People want to play our games many, many years after the release. And equally, we now can look at a hit game and say, when you have a hit title, people want to stay engaged. So we have to plan ahead and say, are we going to have meaningful ongoing opportunities to engage. Each game is different. So  we -- each game looks at those meaningful opportunities through a different lens. It could be the lens of a multiplayer version online. It would have, for example, virtual currency sales. It could be a free-to-play title launched by Social Point, which has in-game purchases. It could be NBA 2K online in China, which in-game purchases. It could be WWE SuperCard, which has in-game purchases. It could be downloadable add-on content, for which one pays. It could be free add-on content. Anything that delights consumers and keeps them engaged with our titles and our brands is good for them, and therefore, good for us. And we find that the monetization follows. We're definitely getting better at the data surrounding this. We're getting better at translating engagement into monetization. But at the risk of being repetitive at this company, first and foremost, we focus on the consumer, and the monetization follows. 
San Phan: So given that your catalog sales are growing, you're getting more existing engagement in existing -- growing engagement in existing titles, does it make -- could we see possibly maybe releasing big -- bigger titles further apart than we would have in years past? 
Strauss Zelnick: We stated a strategy not to annualize any titles apart from sports entertainment titles 10 years ago, and the market has moved in our direction, has become more complex to deliver big titles and more difficult and more time-consuming to create A-plus quality, which is what the market demands. Our cadence isn't expected to change. And in certain instances, we hope that the time in between releases will actually decrease. I don't expect that the time length between releases will increase. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ray Stochel with Consumer Edge Research. 
Raymond Stochel: I guess, this is going off of the last subject. But do you have any update on the digital strategy for Red Dead Redemption 2? 
Strauss Zelnick: We've said that there will be an online component, and we'll leave the rest of that discussion to Rockstar Games. 
Raymond Stochel: Got it. And then quick bigger picture follow-up. How are you thinking now about your PC distribution strategy as you grow and increasingly become more relevant in the market? What are the pros and cons of owning your own platform? 
Strauss Zelnick: We do have our own platform. We -- consumers can buy directly from our store and that's -- it's a small part of our business. In general, it's our view that consumers want to go to a place where they can buy a multiplicity of titles, and the notion of only being able to buy one company's title isn't really the way entertainment is typically consumed. We're quite happy to share with our distribution partners. It's the nature of the entertainment business. And our strategy as opposed to trying to grab all the margin and distribute directly is try to be a really great and trusted partner of an every possible storefront on earth. We've always taken the view that we want to be wherever the consumer is. And the economics of our physical business include sharing. The economics of our digital business include sharing. We'd love, of course, to increase the percentage that we keep. Who wouldn't. But the most important thing, economically speaking, are the dollars that we generate. And we believe that the widest possible distribution is the way to do that. So we know a couple of our competitors have tried really hard to focus entirely on direct distribution. Certainly, the -- there are elements of the free-to-play mobile business that can look a lot like that, but their sharing -- there's always someone you have to share with there. So again, we focus less on what percent we have to share in order to get distribution and more on the dollars that we generate and the availability and ubiquity of our products. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: I have a few quick modeling questions for Lainie and then one for Stauss. Lainie, can you help us with the change in deferred revenues for FY '19? And also what's the tax rate we should be using for '18 and '19? And then also, in the initial guide for FY '19, what's the relative size of Red Dead versus the 2K game discussed in the press release. And then, Strauss, can you discuss Rockstar's capacity to work on more than 2 franchises at one time? We, obviously, know they're working on Red Dead and continuing on GTA. Do they have enough resources to be working on other titles at the same time? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for -- on the change in deferred revenue for '19, we haven't given out any additional details on '19 other than what we expect in terms of net sales and the cash from operations. And so our tax rate for '18, we're using 22% for our management reportings. And for '19, again, we're not giving any additional information than what we've given already. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms, Ben, of Rockstar's capacity, yes, Rockstar and 2K, both have the capacity to work on a multiplicity of projects. There's attention, of course, in that as we've shown an ability and a willingness to hire plenty of creative talent, the growth in our headcount over the past 10 years has largely been creative headcount. There is attention in finding the best talent in the business. We've made no bones about that. It's true for our competitors who are only looking for the best and the brightest. That said, both 2K and Rockstar have the ability to work on a multiplicity of projects simultaneously. And the question for both of them is how do you direct your resources on the one hand to supporting something that's working mightily now, and on the other hand, to something that will, we hope, work mightily in the future. And that's a decision that is a challenging and complex one that one makes with limited information at every entertainment enterprise. But resources are our issue and ambition isn't our issue. Probably -- and to the extent we have a problem, it's a high-class problem. We have 11 extraordinary franchises that have each sold over 5 million units in an individual release. We have something like 55 that have sold at least 2 million in individual release. That's pretty different state of play than just a few years ago with this enterprise. We think we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business. And basically, our business is exploding in every area, whether that's sports entertainment, whether that's free-to-play, whether that's mobile, whether that's GTA Online, whether that's a sale of GTA 5 itself, nearing 80 million units, and the list goes on. So the question for us is always, how do we reach a new height? And that's what we're focused on at 2K; that's what we're focused on at Rockstar; and certainly, that's what we're focused on at Social Point; and finally, at Take-Two. 
Benjamin Schachter: Stauss, If I can just sneak one more in. Can you remind us how you think about excess cash in terms of onetime dividend, buyback? Just in general, your philosophy on what you do with excess cash. 
Strauss Zelnick: I guess, it is a natural question when we talked about what fiscal '18 looks like, generating about $150 million of cash flow from operations in fiscal '19 where the initial outlook sitting here today is $700 million of cash flow from operations. So it's a fair question, since we just reported $1.4 billion in cash, and we just spent $0.25 billion on an acquisition a few months ago. I would observe these are high-class problems. We said over time that there are 3 areas in which to deploy capital. The first is to support organic growth. This company story has largely been an organic growth story. And we now have the ability to take measured risk when we believe there's a great opportunity for return. And that's has really worked out very well for us. Second, we've said we are now in a position, seriously, to consider accretive inorganic opportunities, and we're acting accordingly with the acquisition of Social Point. And I think, our view is many more opportunities will present themselves. What's our lens? We're highly disciplined strategically, we're highly disciplined economically, we've said we would do deals when they're accretive. Social Point is immediately accretive to the cash flow from operations, and soon, will be accretive to actually revenues and earnings. And we look through that lens. We're not interested in pie in the sky. We're not interested in talking about strategy and overpaying for something. We're certainly not interested in buying a money-losing enterprise. Finally, we've shown a willingness to return capital to our shareholders. We'll do buybacks when we can execute them at deep value in our view and in any scholarly view of merit. That's the only time it ever makes sense for an organization to do a buyback. We've done 2, both at deep value and with hindsight. Of course, we didn't have hindsight when we made the decision. And we will contemplate other forms of returning cash to the shareholders. Right now, we still have a convertible bond that we have to take care of. That will clean up our balance sheet and leave us entirely debt-free. And so these are issues that we will continue to contemplate going forward. But that's how we look at the world. Specifically, just for transparency, hard for me to believe that a onetime dividend will make sense. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Ju of Crédit Suisse. 
Christopher Hum: Chris Hum for Steven. Curious about the launch window for Red Dead. Is there something about this game that you feel would make it better for a summer launch versus launching in the winter? And kind of how your expectations have changed since we last talked? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. For a title like this, I don't think the launch window really matters. And obviously, Red Dead Redemption went out in May and was an extraordinarily successful title. Consumers are consuming entertainment year round. Now they don't stop in the summer months. And we believe that if you give people an extraordinary experience, they will show up for it. 
Operator: I will now turn the floor back to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: We just want to thank everyone for joining us today. Obviously, we've a lot going on here. Really pleased to report the results that are meaningfully ahead of our initial expectations. We're looking forward to a fiscal year that, despite a rather light frontline release schedule, looks incredibly sound economically. And naturally, we're all super excited about our upcoming release schedule and what that will bring in fiscal '19 and in the years beyond. Thank you so much for joining us today. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-02-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you, Mr. Diamond. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 ended December 31, 2016. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons are year-over-year. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two had a highly successful holiday quarter. Consumer demand for our new releases and catalog were strong throughout the period, and players continued to engage significantly with our games after purchase. As a result, we delivered better-than-expected bookings, including our best ever quarter for recurrent consumer spending, along with double-digit growth in both net revenue and net cash provided by operating activities. As of December 31, 2016, we had over $1.4 billion in cash and short-term investments on our balance sheet.
 Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continue to outperform our expectations as they have in every quarter since their release. Grand Theft Auto V remains the highest rated game of the current console generation and the must-have title for gamers on both console and PC, with selling now surpassing 75 million units. According to data from the NPV Group [ph] that combines physical sales and full game downloads, Grand Theft Auto V was the #6 selling game across all platforms in 2016. In addition, Grand Theft Auto Online continues to deliver growth in both engagement and bookings with a record number of players in December, driven by the ongoing release of new content.
 During the third quarter, Rockstar Games supported Grand Theft Auto Online with 4 significant updates: Bikers, Deadline, Import/Export and Festive Surprise 2016, and has many more planned going forward. The sustained performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online is a remarkable achievement and a testimony to Rockstar Games' tireless commitment to excellence, especially since these titles initially launched more than 3 years ago.
 On October 7, 2K launched Mafia III. Developed by 2K's newest studio, Hangar 13, Mafia III received critical praise for its deep storytelling and authentic period setting. The title achieved the highest first week selling of any game in 2K's history and was a popular choice for consumers during the holiday season. To date, Mafia III has sold-in approximately 5 million units. 2K and Hangar 13 have continued to support Mafia III with numerous free content offerings, including character closing, vehicle customization, racing challenges and more. The team is currently working on 3 exciting downloadable story expansions that will be released this year which  can be purchased individually or as part of the Mafia III Season Pass.
 NBA 2K17 delivered growth during the holiday season and continues to both new and longtime fans of our industry-leading basketball series. Since September, NBA 2K17 is the highest rated sports title of the current console generation and the highest-rated title in the history of the series based on average Metacritic score.
 Today, NBA 2K17 has sold-in nearly 7 million units, up approximately 10% over last year's release and is poised to become our highest selling sports title ever. Engagement with the brand continues to grow with consumers already playing more than 1 billion games of NBA 2K17, up 27% over last year. More than half of these were multiplayer, which  increased 61%. This strong engagement with both NBA 2K17 and the MyNBA 2K companion app drove record bookings from the current consumer spending for the series, which grew 56% in the third quarter.
 In addition, 2K and Visual Concepts continue to expand the brand's reach through emerging platforms and business models. In November, 2K released the NBA 2K VR experience, which provides the first virtual reality basketball game that immerses players in the new NBA environment filled with many games and challenges. And in December, 2K commenced its second NBA 2K eSports tournament that will culminate this weekend during the NBA All-Star 2017 with the final teams competing for the championship price of $250,000 plus tickets to the NBA All-Star game in New Orleans. We're thrilled to expand our footprint in the evolving world of these sports and look forward to continue to blaze the trail in competitive sports gaming with NBA 2K.
 On October 11,  2K successfully released WWE 2K17, the latest annual installment in our popular sports entertainment series that is developed collaboratively by Yuke's and Visual Concepts, and today 2K further expanded the audience for the title with its release for PC.
 WWE 2K17 is being supportive with a variety of downloadable add-on content, including a Season Pass. We believe there remains a substantial long-term growth opportunity for the WWE 2K series by further leveraging the development and marketing expertise of 2K and Visual Concepts, which are responsible for the tremendous success of NBA 2K.
 On October 21, 2K launched Sid Meier's Civilization VI, the latest offering from our award-winning turn-based strategy series that has sold-in nearly 40 million units worldwide. Civilization VI receives stellar reviews and is the  fastest-selling title in the history of the series with selling already surpassing 1.5 million units. 2K is supporting Civilization VI with a rich array of additional content and already has released 2 paid downloadable add-on content packs as well as a variety of free content for the title. Later this month, Sid Meier will be honored at the Entertainment Software Association's annual gala in San Francisco, celebrating his legendary career and contributions to our industry and art form.
 During the third quarter, we delivered record digitally delivered bookings driven by growth in both full game downloads and recurrent consumer spending. We continue to benefit as consumers buy a growing percentage of games through digital download. And for the current fiscal year, we're seeing more than 25% of our current generation console titles purchased digitally. More importantly, recurrent consumer spending grew 55% to its highest level ever and accounted for 50% of digitally delivered bookings or 23% of total bookings in the third quarter.
 In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. In the free-to-play category, WWE SuperCard delivered its best quarter ever with bookings nearly doubling and total downloads for the title now exceeding 13 million. During the third quarter release -- season 3 update that significant enhanced this popular car game. In addition, NBA 2K online group bookings remains the #1 PC online sports game in China, with 34 million registered users. And bookings from the downloadable add-on content also grew, led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, WWE 2K17, XCOM 2 and Battleborn.
 Last week, we announced a key strategic acquisition for our organization, reflecting our strategy to deploy our capital resources prudently and to take measured risks that provide immediately accretive opportunities for our business and a potential for long-term growth. We acquired Social Point, a highly successful free-to-play mobile game developer based in Barcelona. With this acquisition, we further diversified our business, expanded our portfolio-owned intellectual property and significantly enhanced our position in the fast growing free-to-play mobile gaming space, which is the world's highest grossing gaming segment with revenues in excess of $40 billion in 2016 according to IDG estimates.
 The experienced team at Social Point shares our commitment to delighting consumers with high-quality entertainment, and we believe that Social Point's deeply engaging mobile offerings will be a perfect complement to our business. Moreover, Social Point is one of the few mobile game developers that has a proven track record of growing revenues and developing -- delivering multiple hits. Since 2014, Social Point has been one of only 6 mobile publishers to have at least 2 games consistently in the top 100 grossing mobile games in the U.S. We're thrilled to have the team at Social Point join our organization.
 Looking ahead, fiscal 2018 promises to be another growth year for both bookings and cash flow, driven by our release slate led by Rockstar Games' eagerly anticipated launch of Red Dead Redemption 2.
 While interactive entertainment has captivated audiences for more than 40 years, we're only just beginning to see the vast potential of today's most immersive and dynamic art form. Our ability to engage audiences around the world across a myriad of experiences and platforms has never been greater and continues to evolve in shape to way that we create our entertainment offerings. Take-Two is exceeding well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities: strategically, creatively and financially and to deliver returns for our shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by congratulating our teams on delivering a strong holiday quarter. Our consistent ability to release high quality, engaging entertainment experiences across multiple platforms and distribution channels is both a distinguishing characteristic of our organization and a key driver of our success. Creativity and innovation are among Take-Two's core tenets, and those principles inform and inspire our work on a daily basis. As we continue to diversify our business, we aim to broaden our portfolio with offerings that captivate and engage players in new and exciting ways. To that end, I'm extremely pleased to welcome Social Point to Take-Two.
 Social Point's 3 cofounders, Andrés Bou, Horacio Martos and Marc Canaleta, have worked together for almost 6 years, and its senior leadership team has an aggregated nearly 100 years of experience in the mobile games business. Like Take-Two, Social Point produces high quality entertainment that can attract and retain a loyal, highly engaged player base and deliver sustainable results.
 Social Point focuses on mid-core games that have greater game play depths than casual games, and the company's titles typically monetize and retain players at higher rates than its competitors in the segment. Social Point currently has multiple profitable games in the market. It's 2 most successful games, Dragon City and Monster Legends, have been downloaded more than 180 million times. Dragon City launched on mobile in 2013 and as a simulation game involving breeding, building and battling in which players trade and expand their city and can collect more than 500 unique dragons. The title consistently has been among the top 100 grossing mobile games and top 20 grossing simulation games in the United States.
 Monster Legend was also launched in 2013 and is an RPG involving breeding, building and battling with nearly 400 monsters. The title consistently has been among the top 75 grossing mobile games and top 15 grossing RPGs in the U.S. Social Point also has growth prospects. The company has a number of exciting games planned for launch over the next 2 years. Furthermore, its current titles have not yet been released in Asia, which is the world's largest mobile games market and represents an additional growth opportunity.
 In addition to strong mobile IP, Social Point brings an experienced data analytics teams and a cutting-edge proprietary data analytics platform that is built internally. This custom platform enables Social Point to optimize revenues and profits by predicting user actions, future monetization and lifetime customer value, based on historical data and a behavior pattern within hours of acquiring a user. Social Point will operate as a new division within Take-Two and will continue to be based in Barcelona, Spain. We look forward to working with the team at Social Point and to expanding our presence in the free-to-play mobile market.
 Turning to Take-Two's frontline releases. 2K today launched WWE 2K17 for PC, and we will have additional add-on content offerings for our recent releases, including Mafia III, during the fourth quarter. Last month, 2K announced that it will release NBA 2K18 for the Nintendo Switch when the title launches this fall on console and PC. NBA 2K18 will be our first offering to the Switch, and we are pleased to support Nintendo's new platform and to expand the audience for industry-leading brands. Looking ahead, we have a robust long-term development pipeline and our creative teams across both of our labels will continue to explore new and innovative ways to drive engagement with our titles and growth in recurrent consumer spending.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss fiscal third quarter results, share some details regarding our acquisition of Social Point and then review our financial outlook for the remainder of the year.
 As mentioned by Strauss and Karl, Take-Two had a strong holiday quarter. Sales of our offerings significantly exceeded our expectations, with total bookings growing 51% to $790 million. Of this amount, 47% were digitally delivered bookings, which grew 66% to $336.3 million, a new record. The upside to total bookings is driven primarily by the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V as well as recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K17.
 Our better-than-expected bookings converted into strong net cash provided by operating activity, which grew 72% to $291 million. We deployed $6.1 million of capital expenditures. And as of December 31, our cash and short-term investment balance was $1.44 billion.
 While the performance of our business exceeded our expectations as reflected in our strong bookings and cash flow growth, this outperformance is not reflected in our GAAP net revenue and net loss, primarily for 3 reasons: First, our bookings outperformance was driven by titles that we are required to defer, and therefore, our revenues and profits won't benefit from these bookings until future periods. Second, because of the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, we recorded higher-than-forecasted internal royalties, which are calculated using results that are adjusted to exclude the impact of deferrals and unlike certain other cost of goods sold are not deferred. And third, during the third quarter, we recognized high development cost in Mafia III than forecasted due to timing. These costs will be offset by lower development costs in the fourth quarter.
 Turning to some details from our third quarter income statement. Net revenue grew by 15% to $476.5 million. Growth was driven primarily by the launch of Sid Meier's Civilization VI and the recognition of previously deferred revenue from Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K.
 Net revenue was reduced by a $268.3 million change in deferred net revenue. This change was driven primarily by Mafia III, which is being deferred into the fourth quarter as a result of announced free additional content that was not release until the fourth quarter. The change in deferred net revenue was higher than our forecast due to the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. Digitally delivered net revenue grew 54% to $240.2 million was reduced by $117.2 million change in deferred net revenue.
 Cost of goods sold increased by 21% to $311.1 million, driven primarily by development cost related to the third quarter releases as well as higher internal royalties. Cost of goods sold was reduced by $118.1 million change in deferred cost of goods sold and included $6 million in stock-based compensation.
 Operating expenses decreased by 10% to $193.8 million, due primarily to the absence of business reorganization costs recorded last year, partially offset by higher marketing expense this holiday release slate. Operating expenses included $16.1 million in stock-based compensation and $300,000 in acquisition-related expense. And net loss was $29.8 million, or $0.33 per share, which  included the following pretax items that we use internally along with our management reporting tax rate of 22% to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance, a $150.2 million reduction from the net effect from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold, $22.1 million of stock-based compensation, $300,000 in acquisition-related expense and $4.9 million in amortization of convertible notes.
 Note that since we reported GAAP loss, our net loss per share was calculated using our basic share count of 90.4 million. For management reporting purposes, we calculate diluted net income per share using our fully diluted share count of 115.3 million, and we add back to net income interest expense on our convertible note net of tax of $1.2 million.
 On January 31, Take-Two further diversified its business through the acquisition of Social Point.  We acquired the company for $250 million comprised of $175 million in cash and approximately 1.48 million shares of our common stock. The cash portion was paid using our offshore cash on hand. And following the transaction, approximately 90% of our cash and short-term investments is now held in the U.S. The 3 founders of Social Point are also eligible to receive earn-out consideration of up to an aggregate of $25.9 million, contingent on the business delivering substantial EBITDA growth over the next 2 years. The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to net revenue and net cash provided an operating activity and to be accretive to net income per share, excluding transaction costs and amortization of intangible assets in fiscal 2018.
 Social Point's high-quality people engaging mobile offerings are expected to provide consistent revenue from our current consumer spending throughout the year which will meaningfully enhance and further diversify our existing revenues from recurrent consumer spending and help to continue to mitigate the variability of our results. During the past 3 calendar years, Social Point's net revenue has experienced minimal seasonality and exceeded $20 million in all 4 quarters of calendar 2016. The company has been consistently profitable since 2013, with EBITDA margins of approximately 20%, including net revenue at a 29% CAGR from 2013 to 2016.
 For the trailing 12 months ended December 31, Social Point generated net revenue of $90.8 million and EBITDA of $19.9 million. Given its exciting development pipeline, we expect Social Point's business to continue to grow in fiscal 2018 and beyond. I'd like to join Strauss and Karl in welcoming the team at Social Point to our organization and also thank the team at Take-Two for all of their hard work in successfully completing this transaction.
 And I will review the highlights of our financial outlook. Further details are contained in our press release. Starting with the fiscal fourth quarter. We expect total bookings to range from $295 million to $345 million. The largest contributors are expected to be NBA 2K17, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, WWE 2K17, Civilization VI and Mafia III. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $542 million to $592 million. Net revenue is expected to be increased by $225 million change in deferred net revenue, due primarily to the recognition of previously deferred revenues from Mafia III.
 We expect cost of goods sold to range from $248 million to $278 million, which is expected to be increased by $120 million change in deferred cost of goods sold and includes $3 million of amortization of intangible assets and $1 million of stock-based compensation.
 Operating expenses are expected to range from $140 million to $150 million. And the midpoint, this represents an 18% increase over last year, due primarily to higher professional fees and stock-based compensation. Operating expenses of $17 million of stock-based compensation, $2 million of amortization of intangible assets and $1 million of acquisition-related costs. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $139 million to $148 million, or $1.23 to $1.31 per share, which includes the following pretax items that we use internally along with our management reporting tax rate of 22% to adjust our GAAP financial result in order to evaluate our operating performance. A $105 million increase from the net effect from deferral of net revenue of cost of goods sold, $80 million of stock-based compensation, $5 million of amortization of intangible assets, $1 million in acquisition related expense and $3 million in amortization of convertible notes. Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. As a result of our better-than-expected third quarter bookings and strong outlook for the remainder of the year, we're raising the midpoint of our bookings outlook by $100 million. We now expect total bookings to grow by 16% at the midpoint of our outlook and to range from $1.72 billion to $1.77 billion. In addition, we now expect digitally delivered bookings to grow by around 20%, driven by growth in both the recurrent consumer spending and full game downloads, as we by now expect Grand Theft Auto Online to be up for the full fiscal year. The largest contributors are expected to be NBA 2K17 and NBA 2K16, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Mafia III, WWE 2K17 and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. We expect the bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 65% 2K and 35% Rockstar Games. And we expect the geographic bookings to be about 60% The United States and 40% international.
 We expect to generate net cash provided by operating activities of approximately $350 million, up about 34% over last year and we plan to deploy approximately $35 million for capital expenditures. Our increased outlook for bookings does not translate into higher forecast for GAAP net revenues because most of the increase is being driven by sales of titles that we are required to defer. In addition, GAAP net income is impacted by higher internal royalties resulting from the continued outperformance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.75 billion to $1.8 billion, which is expected to reduce by $65 million change in deferred net revenue. We expect cost of goods sold to range from $956 million to $986 million, which includes no change in deferred cost of goods sold, $17 million in stock-based compensation and $3 million of amortization of intangible assets.
 Total operating expenses are expected to range from $660 million to $670 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 9% increase over the prior year, driven primarily by marketing expenses for our fiscal 2017 and 2018 release slates as well as higher R&D expense and professional fees, partially offset by the absence of a business reorganization charge required last year. Operating expenses includes $57 million of stock-based compensation, $2 million for the amortization of intangible assets, and $1.5 million of acquisition related expenses.
 And we expect net income to range from $108 million to $117 million, or $1.15 to $1.25 per share, which  includes the foreign pretax items that we use internally along with our management reporting tax rate of 22% to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. A $65 million reduction from the net effect of deferral or revenue and related cost of goods sold, $74 million of stock-based compensation, $5 million of amortization of intangible assets, $1.5 million in acquisition-related expense, a $2 million gain on long-term investment and $21 million in amortization of convertible notes. As we enter the final months of fiscal 2017, Take-Two is more diversified and better positioned for long-term success than at any time in our company's history. Our results to date had been achieved through our creative leadership, innovation and disciplined focus on operational excellence. Going forward, we'll strive to further broaden the way that we entertain and engage with our audiences and to growth and margin expansion for our shareholders.
 Thank you. Now I will turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another strong quarter. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support.
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ben Schachter of Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: On continued execution. Few questions. One, can you remind us what the units sales were for the previous Red Dead in its first year? And how you're thinking about the potential for the next generation in FY '18? And then Lainie, in the past you had said that OpEx should increase this year, this fiscal year for some promotional activity for next year. Have we seen that or should we expect anything in the next couple of months? And then, finally, on Social Point, how should we thinking about that how that may impact Rockstar or 2K's mobile offerings over time? 
Strauss Zelnick: Ben, thank you. The first year for Red Dead, the last release was 8.5 million units and lifetime to date is around 15 million units. We're not talking about our expectations except obviously we're incredibly excited about the title, not just Red Dead, also the online offering to come. So Rockstar will talk more about the title. But obviously, we're -- there's a great anticipation both on the part of ourselves and consumers. Lainie is going to talk about your second question. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. For marketing expense for the year, we did talk at the beginning of the year that it would be up for the whole year to support our fiscal '17 titles and also some of our fiscal '18 titles. And we've see that throughout the year, and we'll continue to see that through Q4 . 
Strauss Zelnick: And then with regards to Social Point, look, we acquired Social Point because we see it as a strong stand-alone company that's expert in the mobile and free-to-play market, and they have owned intellectual property in a multiplicity of hits and they now had to engage with consumers and then to monetize that engagement. We want them to keep doing what they're doing and keep growing the business. We obviously have high expectations. We love the fact that the deal was accretive to bookings and cash flow from operations immediately and expect it to be accretive to net income in fiscal '18 without regard to amortization and transaction costs. In terms of potential engagement with the other labels, it's too early say. One thing that we pride ourselves on is that our enterprise is comprised of creatively independent entities where people can pursue their -- not only can but are encouraged to pursue their passion. We all work together collectively, but the cooperation then that occurs will be organic. It won't be driven by the center. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two questions for you. First, with regards to fiscal '18, I think at the beginning of the year, you talked about the release slate for fiscal '18 being one that's more normalized than what we've seen in fiscal '17 or fiscal '16, which would seem to suggest we'll get a couple 2K Studio titles to still be announced. Is that still the case of that -- it will be a "normalized" release type of year? And then secondly, with the Social Point acquisition, you did include some stock. Is there any particular reason why you didn’t do an all-cash deal and why you included some stock? 
Strauss Zelnick: Hey. Thanks, Eric. So in terms of our comments, which have been limited about fiscal '18, I think the only thing that we've said or at least for Karl saying is we expect to see growth in bookings and cash flow. And all we've said about the release schedule so far is, of course, reflecting Rockstar's announcement about Red Dead Redemption 2 and the fact that we expect our normal annual releases and then of course, you would expect to see our recurrent consumer spending opportunities and catalogs sales. But we haven't talked about anything else yet. And in terms of Social Point, the idea of making sure some of the consideration was -- in stock is to align interest, to make sure that the principles of Social Point have a stake in our enterprise and as the enterprise continues to perform, they benefit from that and to make sure that all of our interests are aligned. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey of The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: The -- curious about GTA Online. It continues to grow. And looks like a big piece of that is the content that continues to come into the game. And so as much as you can, Strauss, I was sort of curious if we can expect some more level of content moving forward. And looks like there's also a fair amount of player-created content. I'm curious how that's contributing to the growth overall of that digital piece of your business. And then second question, wondering as a sort of ramp into the release of Red Dead. If you feel that GTA and Red Dead can sort of coexist or find a harmony, or if anything that was a net positive, I guess, sort of intuitive that perhaps Red Dead might disrupt a little bit the GTA Online player base, given that there's pricing overlap in players. 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, thanks. So we obviously will keep continued engagement with GTA online is driven at least partially by the ongoing content creation, which people love. And Rockstar has said they will continue to support GTA Online with more content to come. Anything more specific, of course, will come in due time from Rockstar. I don't really have a point of view on player-created content to share. And on Red Dead, I'm fond of saying entertainment is an unusual animal, in that entertainment properties don't really compete with other entertainment properties in that you never need entertainment. Entertainment is something that you want to have, but it's not a need to have. If nothing in the market appeals to you at some time, there's no reason to go and get it. And if multiple things appeal to you, avid consumers will consume all of those things. So I don't think there's any competitive dynamic with any of our upcoming releases apart from the fact that our success is driven by quality. So I think the success of Red Dead, which is highly anticipated, will be driven by its quality, and I think the ongoing success of Grand Theft Auto Online is driven by its extraordinary quality. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz of Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: Based on what you said and what one of your competitors who's already reported said, it does feel like the consumer adoption of digital full game downloads is moving along at a pretty rapid pace. Is that creating any pressure on the retail channel? Are you getting any -- are you seeing any pushback? Does it cause any concerns on your part that, that disruption may be coming? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The channel remains healthy. Our primary source of distribution remains physical distribution at 75% of our new generation console sales. But you're right, it is -- digital distribution is growing at the benefit to consumers, and we actually derive gross margin benefit from it, and we can't deny that. But our retail remains a very important partner. That hasn't changed, and we don't expect that to change anytime soon. 
Operator: Our next question is from Timothy O'Shea of Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: Strauss, you touched on the brand new online multiplayer experience for Red Dead 2. So I was just hoping you might expand on that, what it might entail. And should we think about this as being analogous to GTA Online or maybe something else? And then quickly, second, what kind of marketing support should we expect for Red Dead 2? The reason I ask it's because looking back when you announced Red Dead back in October, it kind of seems like you set the gaming world on fire and all it took was basically one image added to Rockstar's website. So just curious if you think you can drive any leverage using various online tools and social platforms? 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of the online experience, Rockstar will announce more in due time, and that's not something we typically talk about on these calls except to say that we're really excited about what is to come. In terms of marketing support, look, we support all of our releases very significantly. We're incredibly proud of our marketing teams throughout the company, and we're -- our support is quite significant for all of our releases. Social media is a big part of marketing plans today. Digital media is a big part of all of our marketing plans. And outdoor remains a big part of our plan. So I think you should expect to see, with regard to all of our releases, very significant marketing support. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of San Phan of Mizuho. 
San Phan: Concerning your previous comments regarding mobile, was there anything in particular that basically maybe helped evolve your perspective on the mobile opportunity for Take-Two when you decided to acquire Social Point? And then second question was just hoping to get your latest thoughts on Nintendo Switch and whether we could expect to see exclusive titles in the platform or just forward to planned releases like NBA Life for now? 
Strauss Zelnick: So our perspective on the mobile hasn't changed at all. We're aware of the size of the business. It's a $40 billion market. And we found it exciting, and we are relatively significant participants in mobile and in free-to-play now through titles like the NBA 2K Companion app, WWE SuperCard and other forms of supporting our titles that are reflected in recurrent consumer spending. We had a record quarter for bookings related to recurrent consumer spending. So obviously, it's an important part of our strategy. What we love about Social Point is that it addressed the exact criteria we were looking for in an acquisition in the space in that they own their intellectual property, in that they have a track record of creating a multiple hits, not just one hit, in that they have real scale, in that they are profitable, and in that their team has a great culture and a culture that fits well with ours, we believe. We were also looking for an acquisition that would be immediately accretive to bookings and cash flow from operations, and this one will be. So our thinking hasn't changed. What changed with Social Point was an opportunity to bring a company into our enterprise that meets all of the criteria we were seeking, and that's what makes it so exciting. With regards to Switch, we're excited about Switch. We're supporting Switch with NBA 2K18. We've said we're supporting the platform. I've said over and over again that when Nintendo comes to market, you never want to count them out. So we're excited about it. The only thing we've announced so far is the basketball title. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time of the audio portion of the conference. I would now like to turn the conference back to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: On behalf of all of our colleagues and our entire management team, we want to thank you for joining us today. Thanks for our shareholders. Mostly thanks to the people at this company all over the world, many of whom are listening now, for their incredible contributions, their great creative work, the passion with which they pursue their jobs, the great job they do at marketing, at distribution, accounting, cash management, investor relations. We all work together here in every part of our business to achieve these results. It's a shared victory, and we couldn't be more pleased. So thank you everyone. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software's Q2 Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond. Thank you. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter fiscal year 2017 ended September 30, 2016. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities law. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly in these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements and further explanation. And on our website, we have provided additional details regarding the non-GAAP components of our cost of goods sold and operating expenses. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two's business continued to outperform during the second quarter, enabling us to deliver strong net revenue and better-than-expected bookings growth. Our outstanding results were driven by the launch of NBA 2K17, ongoing robust demand for Grand Theft Auto V and increased recurrent consumer spending, including growth and bookings from Grand Theft Auto Online. 
 NBA 2K17 launched to stellar reviews, quickly becoming the top-rated annual sports game of the current console generation and the highest-rated release in the history of our industry-leading basketball series based on average Metacritic score. NBA 2K17 had the strongest launch in the history of the series and has continued to grow over last year's release, with sell-in to date of more than 4.5 million units. Moreover, during the second quarter, bookings from recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew by 160%, driven by both online play and the MyNBA 2K mobile companion app. Sales of virtual currency for NBA 2K has continued to grow with each new release and remain the largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending next to Grand Theft Auto Online. I'd like to congratulate the team at Visual Concepts for once again raising the bar for excellence by delivering an incredible experience that perfectly captures the authenticity of pro basketball and the passion of our audience for both the sport and its pop culture connection.
 Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online also continued to exceed our expectations as they have in every quarter since their release. More than 3 years after its initial launch, Grand Theft Auto V remains the must-have title for gamers on both console and PC, with sell-in now surpassing 70 million units. In addition, Grand Theft Auto Online once again delivered bookings growth and remained the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending. 
 During the second quarter, Rockstar Games supported Grand Theft Auto Online with 2 significant free content updates, Bikers and Cunning Stunts as well as numerous other content drops and events for fans. This ongoing release of rich and varied additional content continues to be a key driver of consumers' sustained engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online, and Rockstar Games has much more planned going forward.
 The launch of the BioShock: The Collection and XCOM 2 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One were well-received by critics and consumers alike, and sales of BioShock: The Collection significantly exceeded our expectations. In addition, an array of offerings from our diverse catalog also contributed to the strength of our second quarter results. 
 We continue to capitalize successfully on our industry's ongoing transition to digital distribution. During the second quarter digitally delivered bookings exceeded our expectations and grew 59% to $210.8 million, driven by growth in both recurrent consumer spending and full game downloads. Recurrent consumer spending grew 63% and accounted for 52% of digitally delivered bookings or 24% of total bookings. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by free-to-play games led by NBA 2K Online in China and WWE SuperCard, both of which grew year-over-year, and downloadable add-on content led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, Borderlands and XCOM. 
 Our holiday season is off to a great start with a diverse array of new titles that Karl will discuss shortly. We believe that this holiday season will be a robust one for our industry, highlighted by top-tier software offerings and further growth in the installed base of new-gen consoles. 
 Looking further ahead, fiscal 2018 is poised to be another strong year for our company. We expect to grow both bookings and cash provided by operating activities driven by our release slate led by Rockstar Games' highly anticipated launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. Plans for worldwide release in fall 2017 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Red Dead Redemption 2's vast open world will provide the foundation for both an epic story and a brand-new online multiplayer experience. We're incredibly excited about Red Dead Redemption 2 as well as the tremendous response to Rockstar Games' breathtaking announcement trailer. 
 Interactive entertainment is today's most immersive, engaging and dynamic art form. Ongoing advances in technology enabled our teams to push their creative limits, reach audiences throughout the world across both established and emerging platforms and build communities that stay deeply connected to our brands. And we're just scratching the surface. The potential for our industry has never been stronger, and Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity strategically, creatively and financially and to deliver returns for our shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll discuss our recent releases and pipeline for the remainder of fiscal 2017. On October 7, 2K launched Mafia III, a highly immersive and action-packed addition to our popular organized crime series. Developed by 2K's newest studio, Hangar 13, Mafia III received critical praise for its deep storytelling and epic setting. For example, Forbes called Mafia III fantastic, while IGN said, "Its writing and performances are some of the best of this entire generation and New Bordeaux is a fantastic setting." Mafia III is the fastest-selling game in 2K's history, with week 1 sell-in of more than 4.5 million units and ongoing strong demand. We are also witnessing very high interest in the game beyond just sales with more than 88 million YouTube views of Mafia III in just its first week. The team at Hangar 13 departed from traditional mobster story that Mafia fans were accustomed to and leaned into the racially charged tensions of the time rather than shying away from them. Their creative approach has paid off with a tremendous story-driven experience that sets a new bar for storytelling video games. 2K and Hangar 13 are only just getting started and have more content planned for Mafia III in the near future. 
 On October 11, 2K released WWE 2K17 and brought our popular sports entertainment series to exciting new heights. WWE 2K17 received strong reviews from influential critics, including Forbes which scored it 8.6 out of 10 and called the game easily the best wrestling release in over a decade; and IGM, which scored the title 8.2 out of 10. We expect that sell-in of WWE 2K17 will be up over last year's release, continuing the trend that the series has delivered for every year since we acquired the license. WWE 2K17 is being supported with a variety of downloadable add-on content, including a Season Pass. I'd like to congratulate Yuke's and Visual Concepts for continuing to grow and enhance this annual series.
 On October 21, 2K launched Sid Meier's Civilization VI, the latest offering from our award-winning turn-based strategy series that has sold-in over 37 (sic) [ 37 million ] units worldwide. Developed by Firaxis Games, Civilization VI marks the 25th anniversary of the series and provides the most detailed, vivid and beautiful experience ever featured in the civilization game. The title has received outstanding reviews from critics, including 9.5 out of 10 from Game Informer, 9.4 out of 10 from IGN, 93 out of 100 from PC Gamer and 90 out of 100 from GameSpot. Civilization VI is the fastest-selling title in the history of the series and is exceeding our expectations, the sell-in already surpassing 1 million units. I'd like to congratulate Firaxis on yet another stellar addition to this beloved series that has entertained gamers for 1/4 of a century, a truly remarkable achievement.
 Lastly, 2K launched Carnival Games VR, a new take on our hit franchise created by Cat Daddy Games, which has sold-in more than 9 million units worldwide. A first offering for virtual reality, Carnival Games VR delivered the highly accessible entertainment experience that enables players to immerse themselves in the familiar classic fun of our popular Carnival Games series in a virtual reality setting. The title is currently available worldwide through digital download for HTC Vive and PlayStation VR, and will release later this year for Oculus Rift. Virtual and augmented reality are exciting emerging platforms that has the potential to enhance the way interactive entertainment is created and experienced, and we will continue to invest in this business. 
 In addition to our diverse lineup of frontline titles, we will continue to deliver innovative, digitally delivered offerings designed to drive entertainment with and concurrent consumer spending on our games. We will also continue to selectively release free-to-play mobile games, many of which support our core IP.
 During October, we launched Mafia III Rivals, a mobile battle RPG game and NHL SuperCard 2K17 and NHL collectible card-battling game. Later this month, we will release WWE SuperCard Season 3, a free update to the popular WWE collectible card-battling game that has been downloaded more than 11 million times and is our most financially successful free-to-play mobile offering. Each of these games is available for iOS and Android devices. 
 Turning to industry news. We are happy that 2K had the opportunity to collaborate with Nintendo on their first look video for Nintendo Switch, which was revealed last month and will launch in March of 2017. While we are not confirming any specific titles at this time, we are pleased to announce our partnership with Nintendo and support of the Nintendo Switch. We look forward to revealing specific games and details at a later date. 
 In closing, we have an exciting long-term development pipeline which feature sequels from our renowned franchises as well as new intellectual property that promise to further diversify our industry-leading portfolio. In addition, our creative teams continually seek innovative ways to drive engagement with our titles and growth in recurrent consumer spending as well as invest in emerging platforms and business models that present entirely new opportunities for Take-Two. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our fiscal second quarter results and financial outlets for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, we are no longer reporting non-GAAP financial measures that adjust for deferrals of net revenue and related cost of goods sold. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. We have provided additional details regarding the non-GAAP components of our cost of goods sold and operating expenses on our website. 
 As mentioned by Strauss, we had an outstanding second quarter, both from a business and financial perspective. Sales of our offering significantly exceeded our expectations, with total bookings growing 28% to $452.8 million. The upside of bookings is driven by the stronger-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K17 and BioShock: The Collection. Digitally delivered bookings grew 59% to $210.8 million and accounted for 47% of total bookings. Our better-than-expected digitally delivered bookings were driven by growth in the current consumer spending and Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, along with increased full game downloads. 
 Turning to our reported financials. We delivered net revenue and non-GAAP net income towards the high end of our outlook. Our better-than-expected bookings did not drive upside to revenues and net income because most of the outperformance was driven by sales of titles that we are required to defer. In addition, earnings upside was muted by higher internal royalties. Internal royalties are calculated using results that are adjusted to exclude the impact from deferrals, and unlike certain other cost of goods sold, internal royalties are not deferred. 
 Turning to the details of our P&L. Second quarter net revenue grew by 21% to $420.2 million. Growth was driven primarily by the recognition of previously deferred revenues from Grand Theft Auto V and NBA 2K16, along with sales of BioShock: The Collection and XCOM 2. Second quarter net revenue was reduced by a $59.3 million change in deferred net revenue. This is higher than our forecast due to the better-than-expected performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online as well as NBA 2K17, as we are required to defer revenue and related cost of goods sold from these titles. Digitally delivered net revenue grew 14% to $230.8 million and was reduced by a $3.4 million change in deferred net revenue. 
 Non-GAAP cost of goods sold was $200 million, up by $60.2 million. This increase was due to higher internal royalties, which are not deferred, as well as higher licenses and product costs, which were in line with net revenue growth for the period. Non-GAAP cost of goods sold was reduced by a $28.8 million change in deferred cost of goods sold. 
 Non-GAAP operating expenses were $154.7 million, up by $30.3 million due primarily to higher marketing expense for the launches of our new releases. 
 And non-GAAP net income was $50.7 million or $0.45 per share, which was reduced by $23.4 million from the net effects from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold. 
 As of September 30, our cash and short-term investment balance was $1.17 billion. We used a modest amount of cash in the second quarter primarily due to majority of receivables associated with our second quarter releases being collected in the third quarter. 
 Now I will review the highlights of our financial outlook. Further details as well as the reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial outlook to GAAP are contained in our press release and on our website. 
 Starting with the fiscal third quarter. We expect total bookings to grow by 42% at the midpoint of our outlook and to range from $650 million to $700 million. This growth is being driven primarily by the launches of Mafia III and Civilization VI, coupled with growth from NBA 2K and WWE 2K, which is expected to be partially offset by moderating bookings from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. The largest contributors to bookings in the third quarter are expected to be Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Mafia III, NBA 2K17, WWE 2K17 and Civilization VI. 
 We expect to generate strong cash from operating activities, driven by sales growth and the collection of receivables from the second quarter. We expect net revenue to range from $475 million to $525 million. Net revenue is expected to be reduced by a $200 million change in deferred net revenue. The substantial change in deferred net revenue is being driven primarily by Mafia III, which is being deferred into the fourth quarter due to undelivered additional content, plus deferred revenue from NBA 2K17. We expect total non-GAAP cost of goods sold to range from $257 million to $272 million, which is expected to be reduced by $120 million change in deferred cost of goods sold. Total non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to range from $175 million to $195 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 39% increase over last year due primarily to higher marketing expense to support Mafia III and our other new releases. And we expect non-GAAP net income to range from $34 million to $45 million or $0.30 to $0.40 per share, which is expected to be reduced by approximately $62 million from the net effects from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold. Our third quarter net income outlook is impacted by the requirement that we recognize all the marketing costs incurred in the period for Mafia III but defer the gross profits from the title into the fourth quarter. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. As a result of our better-than-expected second quarter sales and strong outlook for the remainder of the year, we are raising our bookings outlet by $100 million. We now expect total bookings to grow by 10% of the midpoint of our outlook and to range from $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, driven by our updated assumption that increased bookings from our new launches and from NBA 2K and WWE 2K will be partially offset by approximately flat bookings from Grand Theft Auto Online and moderating bookings from Grand Theft Auto V. In addition, we now expect digitally delivered bookings to grow at a rate consistent with total bookings driven by increases in both recurrent consumer spending and full game downloads. The largest contributors to bookings are expected to be NBA 2K17 and NBA 2K16, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Mafia III, WWE 2K17, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and Battleborn. We expect the bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 70% 2K and 70% Rockstar Games. And we expect our geographic bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international.
 We expect to generate cash from operating activities of approximately $300 million, up about 15% over last year. And we plan to deploy approximately $50 million through capital expenditures. We are reaffirming our full year outlook for net revenue and non-GAAP net income per share. Our increased outlook for bookings does not translate into a higher forecast for net revenues and net income because most of the increase is being driven by sales of titles that we are required to defer. In addition, we expect to report higher internal royalties due primarily to the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. We continue to expect net revenue to range from $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion, which is expected to benefit from an $80 million change in deferred net revenue. We expect non-GAAP cost of goods sold to range from $878 million to $911 million, which is being increased by a $17 million change in deferred cost of goods sold.
 Total non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to range from $585 million to $615 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 24% increase over the prior year, driven primarily by marketing expenses for fiscal 2017 and 2018 release slate as well as higher R&D expense and depreciation expense. And we expect non-GAAP net income to range from $226 million to $255 million or $2 to $2.25 per share, which is expected to benefit by approximately $49 million from the net effects from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold. 
 With the first half of fiscal 2017 successfully completed, Take-Two remains poised to achieve another year of strong results. Our ability to launch a broad array of the highest-quality entertainment experiences underscores our creative leadership and innovation, and our financial results reflect our commitment to operational excellence. We will aim to carry forward this positive momentum throughout the holiday season and over the long term, to deliver growth and margin expansion for our shareholders. 
 Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for delivering another strong quarter. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Two quick ones. First, congratulations on the NBA 2K ratings. People have noticed that the Mafia kind of reviews that are out there, do you think that's affecting game sales? And do you think those are off at all? And then secondly, just thinking about the sustainability of this year's earnings. Obviously, we can layer in Red Dead for next year, but when you think about the 30% that's Rockstar this year, how do you -- and I'm assuming a lot of that's GTA, how do you think about the sustainability of that going forward? 
Strauss Zelnick: Justin, thanks for your questions. Yes, we're really excited about the performance of NBA 2K17, it’s the strongest launch in the history of the franchise, and we had record first week sell-in and 160% increase year-over-year in virtual currency sales. So it's looking really good. And obviously, the reviews and scores are great, too. On Mafia, we've got great news on the revenue side that you alluded to, first week fastest sell-in title in 2K's history with 4.5 million units sold-in. And in terms of the reviews and scores, sort of an odd anomaly, you're right, the scores are lower than we would have liked, but there are a lot of stellar reviews. And I think the most prominent reviewers really loved it and recognized that what we're doing here, from the story, art, character and excitement perspective, is really unmatched in the marketplace. So I think we and our competitors are seeing some anomalies in the review system. We take them as they are. We don't argue with it. But I think we do have an enormous number of exceedingly favorable reviews. And most importantly, consumers love the title and they're buying it hand over fist. And at the end of the day, that's how we're judged. In terms of sustainability of earnings, we are looking for another strong year in 2018. We're thrilled that Rockstar has announced Red Dead Redemption 2 for the fall. Obviously, we're going to give guidance in the normal course as we would, and that's a time when I think we can dig further into your questions. The truth though is in the history of the company for really the past that we can recall, this company has been performing across our labels regularly, both in terms of new releases and in terms of catalog, and the results are directionally sound. Things are good and getting better, and that's probably what we're most excited about now. So we'll get into more detail about how each of the labels is doing when we give more specific information and when we do give initial guidance for the year. We're not there yet. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: On Red Dead 2, I realize it's a long ways away, but is there anything you can share on how Rockstar will monetize the game with digital content? Specifically, do you anticipate some form of kind of Red Dead online offering in order to replicate the success that you've had with GTA online? And then secondly, related to GTA Online, I just want to make sure I heard it right, did you say that it grew year-over-year in the quarter? Can you say how it compared to the June quarter and how it did sequentially? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In reverse order, we are expressing year-over-year growth, and we haven't said anything about quarter-over-quarter. It's not really the way we feel we ought to look at it. We're looking at it year-over-year, and it continues to outperform our expectations. In terms of Red Dead 2, Rockstar has announced that there'll be an online component. We're excited about that. We haven't talked about monetization schemes nor do we expect to. The approach of our company in both of our labels is delight the consumer first and the revenue and profits will take care of themselves and proven to be a very good strategy and one I expect will repeat. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two questions for you. First, with -- at the beginning of the year, you guys spoke of elevated marketing costs in the first -- in the fourth quarter of fiscal '17. And given Red Dead Redemption is going to be in the fall of '17, are those marketing costs still going to be elevated in this year's fourth quarter ahead of potential new releases in the first quarter? Or are those marketing costs now shifted out? And then secondly, wondered if you could talk about Civilization Online in Korea. I've heard that the game has actually been stopped and it's being revamped and hopefully relaunched. Just wonder if you could talk about some of the statistics around that game and how meaningful this is. 
Lainie Goldstein: It's Lainie. For the marketing costs, we never said that they were going to be in the fourth quarter. We just said that the full year was going to be up from the previous year to support our overall pipeline for 2017 and also for some titles for 2018. So we still have a robust marketing expense category to this year, and that hasn't changed. 
Karl Slatoff: And Eric, it's Karl. I'll answer your question on Civ Online. So we launched it in December of 2015 in Korea. And as you know, we partnered with XLGAMES on that initiative. We have suspended the game in Korea at this point, but we have plans to bring Civ Online to Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and China through our publishing partnership with Game First and Qihoo 360. So stay tuned for more results in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. 
Brian Fitzgerald: WWE launch for the Season Pass, we were wondering maybe what the traction looks like there and maybe any notable differential dynamics with respect to Season Pass adoption across titles or genres. 
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. We don't have any Season Pass information to share with you on WWE. On WWE, we typically don't give specifics about that. And I'm sorry, what was the second part of your question? 
Brian Fitzgerald: Does the Season Pass adoption -- do you think differential dynamics -- or differing dynamics between Season Pass on NBA versus WWE versus other genres of games? 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, I mean, I think every game, even within genres, are very different in terms of Season Pass pickup, and it's really just a question of what our -- ultimately, what our DLC offering is going to be. And some products, we don't even do Season Passes. So it really varies game by game. And I wouldn’t say that anything specific is genre to genre. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: You mentioned that you had some of these outperformance with the BioShock Collection. Obviously, that's an older title, a high-quality title that you were able to remaster. I think we also saw Skyrim recently has relaunched and has done well. I think I asked you this question 6 months ago. But I'm just wondering, given some of these titles coming into the market, these remasters and doing exceptionally well, does that increase your appetite to want to do that with some of your other catalog games? 
Strauss Zelnick: Potentially yes. I mean, doesn't -- anytime we have something that goes well or doesn't go well, it definitely informs our decision-making. While we don't have anything specific to announce, those announcements would come from our labels. The good news is we have a rich trove of intellectual property, and there definitely are more things that will be brought to the market in the future. And -- but nothing that we would announce on today's call. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Just curious on -- just to clarify on GTA Online. For your Q3, I think you said that you expect that to moderate, and I think that's obviously a year-over-year perspective, which you clarified earlier. Curious why you think that is, if you're just being conservative or is that sort of content-related. And I guess that dovetails into a question on Rockstar and their ability to create content ongoing with the full development now of Red Dead Redemption 2. And I have a quick follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks, Mike. It's Strauss. We've been saying for some time that we expected Grand Theft Auto Online to moderate, and so far, we're able to report year-over-year growth in the quarter. The title is over 3 years old. It continues to delight consumers. We're thrilled with its performance. Over time though, the expectation remains that it will moderate. And obviously, we can't call it more specifically than that. It's not actually formulaic. And Rockstar Games has enormous bandwidth to work on a multiplicity of opportunities simultaneously. And I think we all can be really proud of their ability to do so and to delight consumers while delivering experiences that critics resoundingly rate as perfect or very nearly perfect. So we have an enormous amount of confidence in that label and their performance, and we're incredibly excited about what is to come. 
Michael Hickey: Absolutely. I guess, just as sort of a reach, but on GTA Online, I think it was last year, it was announced that there was 8 million weekly players. I know that bookings are up. Are player -- is the player count up, too, or is that just a higher ARPU? 
Strauss Zelnick: A fair question. Those are not the statistics we tend to give out. And again, I think the reason that we don’t give them out is that we're not describing this title as the kind of title where those metrics would be all that useful to you. But we have said that it's performing great year-over-year and that we do expect the results to moderate somewhat in the coming quarters. And that's -- we think that, that tells investors what they ought to be looking for. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. Fair enough. The last one from me. Obviously, we have a little bit of a sketch of your fiscal '18 and Red Dead Redemption 2, which obviously is seemingly a big catalyst for you guys. But I'm also sort of curious when we look outside of that in your -- I guess, your perennial games, NBA 2K and WWE 2K, looking at your full slate. Should we sort of expect something size-wise or title count-wise that we saw in fiscal '17? And I'm also wondering how you're thinking about new IP. Obviously, you guys have been very forward in pushing and trying to create new franchises, and I'm just curious if you still plan to do that. 
Strauss Zelnick: All good and fair questions. This is early for us to give insight into the future. It's something we know investors have asked for and that we're trying to do. And you're right, there's plenty to come in fiscal '18 that we'll talk about in the future. We're not going to give more specifics than that right now. It definitely would be premature. We have said that we expect bookings growth. We have said that we expect cash flow growth. And as you know, we don't say things like that without being exceedingly thoughtful about what we're saying. As far as new intellectual property, look, every year, since this management team took over the company, nearly every year, we've launched successful new IP, not every year, but nearly every year. And we do think that any solid entertainment company is constantly creating new hits in addition to bringing beloved franchises back to market. You're absolutely right. It's very challenging to do that, and it is risky to do that. And we're not always successful at it. It remains a key part of our strategy on an ongoing basis. And when I say that though, I probably should put a very fine point on our selectivity for that to work, given the amount of investment that's required that we have to be incredibly disciplined. And what that means is that our creative teams are encouraged to focus on something they are highly passionate about. And then I would say, we are all -- everyone at this company is laser-focused on quality. And again, even that doesn't always work out according to plan, but more often than not, it does. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of San Phan with Mizuho Securities. 
San Phan: We saw some higher-priced SKUs for NBA [indiscernible] retail. Just curious to get your thoughts. And like what sort of digital -- like how do you see digital content being provided in the point of purchase versus maybe like follow-on DLC content? Like how do you balance on providing that content? 
Strauss Zelnick: Are you talking about the limited-edition launches? I assume you are? 
San Phan: Yes. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean... 
San Phan: Some of it is just the content that comes with... 
Strauss Zelnick: Right. If we have a point of view about delivering something to consumers that's really exciting, that belongs in a limited edition, what we found is that it can be appropriate to charge a higher price point for that, and we've been very excited by the demand that we've seen for it. It's not really -- we don't feel that this is a trade-off. We can do all of the above. We can offer additional digital content in a limited edition. We can also offer it post-launch, either free or paid. We have the ability to do all of that. And I think what you'll see is -- the focus of this company is over-delivering to our consumers. And with Mafia III, for example, there will be free content updates coming. And Rockstar Games has launched a lot of free content for GTA Online. And our focus here, as I said earlier, is not trying to extract the last nickel from our consumers. To the contrary, our focus is to deliver vastly more value than what we charge for. And we think that creates extraordinary loyalty for our brands, for our labels and for our company's products. And ultimately, over-delivering for consumers equilibrates with over-delivering for shareholders. 
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. So I will turn it back to Mr. Zelnick for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: We’d just like to thank you all for joining us today. Obviously, we're incredibly proud of the results this quarter. Those results are driven by over 2,000 highly creative folks at this company who every day take enormous creative risk to deliver the best entertainment properties in the business. And then they're, in turn, supported by nearly 1,000 people who work in the business side, publishing side of this organization to try to bring those properties to market worldwide in the best possible light. We're incredibly gratified by the results, incredibly proud of what the company has achieved and yet we do believe we're just scratching the surface. Interactive entertainment is the fastest-growing part of the audiovisual entertainment industry, and it's going to stay that way for a long time to come. We and our competitors, in fairness, have the wind at our collective backs. Now it's our job to execute. We're proud of what we've done to date, and we know we have to get up tomorrow and do it all over again. Thanks so much for joining. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software First Quarter 2017 Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond. Thank you, Mr. Diamond. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 ended June 30, 2016. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as on -- as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
 Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements and further explanation. And on our website, we have provided additional details regarding the non-GAAP components of our cost of goods sold and operating expenses. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that fiscal 2017 is off to a solid start, with first quarter net revenue up 13% year-over-year. Our results were driven by the continued strong performance of Grand Theft Auto V and NBA 2K16, coupled with growth in recurrent consumer spending, including record bookings from Grand Theft Auto Online. Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online once again performed significantly better than we had anticipated and continued to generate remarkable results, as they have in every quarter since their release.
 According to new data from the NPD Group, which combines physical sales and full game downloads, Grand Theft Auto V was the #2 selling game across all platforms in 2015 and is the #3 selling game of 2016 year-to-date through June.
 In addition, Grand Theft Auto Online continues to grow, with the game delivering record bookings in the first quarter. Rockstar Games has driven sustained engagement and increased recurrent consumer spending by exciting audiences with the ongoing release of a rich array of free additional content, most recently with the further adventures in Finance and Felony, Power Play and Cunning Stunts updates and has many more updates still to come. The incredible staying power of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online nearly 3 years after their original release reflects that these titles remain the standard bearers for excellence in our industry and underscores consumers' tireless passion for this iconic series.
 In another testament to the strength of Rockstar Games created portfolio, the highly demanded 2010 classic Red Dead Redemption was made available to play in Xbox One as part of Microsoft's Backwards Compatibility program on July 8. Red Dead Redemption remains one of the most critically acclaimed entertainment experiences ever launched and is Rockstar Games' highest selling title, aside from Grand Theft Auto.
 Every owner of Red Dead Redemption for Xbox 360 can now play the game directly on their Xbox One, regardless of which version of the title they own, and for those who have yet to experience it, Red Dead Redemption is also currently available for purchase through digital download from the game store on Xbox One. Rockstar Games is also hard at work on some exciting future projects that will be revealed soon.
 NBA 2K16 has continued to build on our industry-leading basketball series trend of annual growth and is now our highest selling sports game ever, with sales in over 8 million units. Revenue from NBA 2K has benefited from strong player engagement. Sales of the game's virtual currency were once again the largest contributor to bookings from recurrent consumer spending, next to Grand Theft Auto Online.
 During the first quarter, bookings from our recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew more than 50% year-over-year, driven both by online play and the free-to-play MyNBA 2K companion app. We believe we can continue to expand NBA 2K's loyal fan base as well as drive increased engagement and recurrent consumer spending for years to come.
 On May 3, 2K released Battleborn, a new intellectual property from Gearbox Software, the makers of our popular Borderlands series. While the game launched to solid reviews, its performance in the market has been below our expectations. We think there remains an opportunity to grow the audience for this unique experience over time, and 2K will continue to drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending on the title through add-on content and virtual currency.
 Innovation and creativity are among our core tenets, and we fully support our team's vision to push the envelope in order to set new benchmarks for our company and our industry with the understanding that in a highly creative enterprise, not everything always turns out the way one might like. Given the strength and diversity of our company, we have the ability to take these risks and weather any unexpected shortfalls that may arise.
 During the first quarter, digitally delivered bookings exceeded our expectations. Recurrent consumer spending grew 22% year-over-year, while full game downloads declined, as expected, as last year's first quarter benefited from the launch of Grand Theft Auto V for PC. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by other offerings including downloadable add-on content, led by XCOM 2; Sid Meier's Civilization V and the Borderlines series; and free-to-play games including WWE's SuperCard, which has now been downloaded nearly 11 million times; and NBA 2K online in China which now has over 32 million registered users.
 Looking ahead, we're excited about our upcoming holiday lineup which features eagerly anticipated new offerings from some of our most successful franchises including Mafia III and Sid Meier's Civilization VI, as well as groundbreaking new releases from our annual sports series, NBA 2K and WWE 2K. Karl will have more to share on these titles shortly.
 In addition, we have robust development pipeline that extends well beyond the fiscal year and we expect to grow bookings and cash flow from operations in fiscal 2018.
 Today, our company is just beginning to realize its potential. From advances in technology that influence how we create, distribute and experience interactive entertainment to the expanding globalization of our audiences, there's never been a more exciting time for our industry. Take-Two is well prepared to capitalize on these positive trends, strategically, creatively and financially. As a result, we're positioned to achieve continued success and deliver returns for our shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'd like to discuss our recent releases and upcoming lineup for the holiday season. On July 7, 2K and Turtle Rock Studios launched Evolve Stage 2, a new free-to-play version of Evolve exclusively for PC through Steam. Evolve Stage 2 features a completely overhauled experience, including a new game design and mechanics as well as improved gameplay, balance and system performance.
 Players who previously purchased Evolve on Steam as well as any add-on content such as skins or characters, will be granted Founder status and all of their paid content will carry over into Evolve Stage 2. In addition, Founders will get exclusive badges and other items at launch as well as additional new content as the game is updated over time.
 Evolve Stage 2 welcomed over 1 million new players in its first week of availability and continues to attract new fans.
 On September 13, 2K will release BioShock: The Collection for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. For the first time, BioShock, BioShock 2 and BioShock Infinite will be made available in 1 collection, complete with all previously released single player downloadable add-on content, all completely remastered for new generation consoles in full high resolution with up to 60 frames per second. In addition, BioShock: The Collection includes a never before seen video series Director's Commentary: Imagining BioShock, which features insights from the creator of this years, Ken Levine.
 Consumers who already purchased the PC versions of BioShock, BioShock 2 and/or Minerva's Den through Steam will be able to upgrade to the remastered versions for free. The BioShock series remains one of the most beloved franchises in gaming and great care has been taken to meticulously preserve the developer's visions for the unforgettable worlds of Rapture and Columbia.
 On September 20, 2K released NBA 2K17, which will feature Indiana Pacers All-Star shooting guard, Paul George, as the game's cover athlete, and continue the series' proud tradition of working with the NBA's most elite athletes.
 NBA 2K17 also will celebrate the legacy of Kobe Bryant by featuring the recently retired 18-time NBA All-Star on the cover of the NBA 2K17 Legend Edition. This special edition will highlight Bryant's career with themed memorabilia and exclusive digital content.
 As part of a partnership with USA Basketball, fans will be able to play as this year's USA Basketball's Men's National Team, as well as the legendary 1992 dream team, comprised of NBA Hall of Famers such as Michael Jordan, Larry Bird and Magic Johnson.
 Developed by Visual Concepts, NBA 2K17 promises to once again raise the bar for excellence in our top-selling and top-rated basketball series. Today, we are announcing that 2K now plans to release XCOM 2 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on September 27, in North America, and September 30, internationally.
 This short delay was necessary to ensure that the game is fully polished at launch and meets the team's high standards for their critically acclaimed PC hit. 2K and Firaxis Games are excited to broaden the audience for this beloved series and they will also continue to support the PC version of XCOM 2 with free and paid downloadable content.
 On October 7, 2K will launch Mafia III. Currently in development at 2K's Hangar 13 studio, Mafia III is the next installment in our successful organized crime series. Set in New Bordeaux, a reimagined New Orleans circa 1968, Mafia III places players in the role of gifted antihero, Lincoln Clay, a Vietnam vet determined to take revenge on the Italian mob for betraying and murdering his surrogate family.
 Mafia III will take the series in a bold new direction by combining its trademark cinematic storytelling with a dynamic open world. Mafia III had a fantastic showing at E3, earning more than 60 accolades at the show, including 12 awards and a host of top 10 recognitions. We believe Mafia III has the potential to be the breakout hit for what is already a highly successful series.
 On October 11, 2K will launch WWE 2K17 and take our popular sports entertainment series to exciting new heights. Brock Lesnar, who is best known for his unparalleled accomplishments in WWE, UFC and NCAA Division 1 wrestling will be the game's cover superstar.
 In addition, legendary WCW and WWE star, Bill Goldberg, will return to action as part of the game's preorder campaign. And WWE NXT, the global brand that creates and develops emerging WWE Superstars, will serve as a focus for this year's Collector's Edition.
 Later this month, WWE 2K17 will be part of the WWE SummerSlam weekend in New York. We are confident that Yukes and Visual Concepts will continue to innovate this series and build on its positive momentum.
 On October 21, 2K will release Sid Meier's Civilization VI, the latest offering from our award-winning, turn-based strategy series that has sold in over 35 million units worldwide. Developed by Firaxis Games, Civilization VI will mark the 25th anniversary of the series, and provide the most detailed, vivid and beautiful experience ever featured in a Civilization game.
 As players race to achieve victory in this all-new title, active research in technology and culture will unlock new potential ways to play, cities will physically expand across the map and world leaders will pursue their own agendas based on their historical character traits.
 Civilization VI also had a terrific E3, earning over 30 nominations and winning 15 awards, including Best Strategy Game honors from Game Informer and IGN, as well as Best Strategy Game and Best PC Game from the official E3 Game Critics' Awards. In addition to our frontline releases, we will continue to deliver an array of digitally delivered offerings designed to drive engagement with and recurrent consumer spending on our titles.
 Later this month, 2K will have a major presence at gamescom in Germany. Fans and the media will have the opportunity to get hands-on time with NBA 2K17, WWE 2K17, BioShock: The Collection and Civilization VI as well as experience a developer-led theater presentation of Mafia III.
 We are confident that this show will further whet consumer appetite for what we believe will be one of 2K's strongest holiday lineups. With the diverse range of genres represented, this set of holiday releases exemplifies 2K's commitment to providing uncompromising, AAA entertainment experiences.
 Looking beyond the current fiscal year, we have a robust long-term development pipeline across both of our labels, which features offerings from our renowned franchises, along with new intellectual properties that promise to further diversify our industry-leading portfolio.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lanie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. We'll begin by discussing the changes to our non-GAAP financial metrics, and then turn to our fiscal first quarter results and financial outlook for the remainder of the year.
 As announced earlier this week, we are no longer reporting non-GAAP financial measures just for the net effects from net revenue and related cost of goods sold. We're making these changes to comply with the SEC's updated compliance and disclosure interpretation issued on May 17. These changes to our non-GAAP measures will have no effect on Take-Two's business, GAAP net revenue, GAAP earnings, cash flow, balance sheet or how our management and Board of Directors evaluates the company's performance.
 In order to help investors who may wish to continue to evaluate our company's performance based on the same measures that we focus on internally, we are providing the following additional metrics: the change in deferred revenue, which can be added to our GAAP net revenue to arrive at the metric that we formally reported as non-GAAP net revenue; the change in deferred cost of goods sold, which can be added to our new non-GAAP cost of goods sold to arrive at our old calculation of non-GAAP cost of goods sold; and the net effect from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold, which can be added to our new non-GAAP net income to arrive at our old calculation of non-GAAP net income.
 Please note that we do not defer all cost of goods sold related to deferred revenue, including internal and external royalties, which are calculated based on the performance of our business under our old non-GAAP metrics, and will continue to be calculated that way going forward.
 In addition, we are introducing a new operational metric, bookings, which represents the total amount billed by the company from sales of physical products sold into retail and available to consumers net of allowances, plus products digitally delivered to consumers during the period. We are reporting these metrics as they are used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate the performance of our business.
 I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements, and we have provided additional details regarding the non-GAAP components of our cost of goods sold and operating expenses on our website. In addition, our press release provides a table showing how to bridge the new non-GAAP presentation of our first quarter 2017 and first quarter 2016 results to the old non-GAAP presentation.
 Turning to the highlights of our results. GAAP net revenue grew 13% to $311.6 million. Growth was driven primarily by the recognition of previously deferred revenues from Grand Theft Auto V and NBA 2K16. GAAP net revenue benefited from a change in deferred net revenue of $39 million versus being reduced by a change of $91.1 million last year.
 GAAP digitally delivered net revenue grew 12% to $172.1 million. GAAP digitally delivered net revenue was reduced by a change in deferred net revenue of $19.1 million versus being reduced by $100 million last year. Non-GAAP cost of goods sold was $187 million, down by $10.9 million dollar. This decline was due primarily to lower internal royalties, which are calculated based on the performance of our business under our old non-GAAP metrics.
 Non-GAAP cost of goods sold was increased by a change in deferred cost of goods sold of $24.6 million versus being reduced by a change of $0.1 million last year. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $148.5 million, up by $28.8 million, due primarily to higher marketing expense for the launches of Battleborn and our upcoming lineup. GAAP net loss narrowed to $38.6 million or $0.46 per share as compared to $67 million or $0.81 per share. Non-GAAP net loss narrowed to $17.6 million or $0.21 per share as compared to $33.2 million or $0.40 per share. And the net effect from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold was a benefit to non-GAAP net income of $11.3 million versus a reduction of $67.4 million in the prior year. Our cash and short-term investments balance decreased to $1.19 billion at June 30 as compared to March 31 due primarily to our ongoing investments in game development.
 Turning to our operational metrics. Total bookings were $253.4 million as compared to $353.8 million in last year's first quarter which had benefited from the launch of Grand Theft Auto V for PC. Total bookings exceeded our expectations, driven primarily by the continued outperformance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. Digitally delivered bookings were $172.7 million, led by Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K and Battleborn. Bookings from our current consumer spending grew 22% and accounted for 60% of digitally delivered bookings or 41% of total bookings.
 As calculated pursuant to our prior non-GAAP measures, our fiscal first quarter results would have included non-GAAP net revenue of $272.6 million, which is based on GAAP net revenue of $311.6 million excluding the $39 million benefit from the change in deferred net revenue and non-GAAP net loss of $28.9 million or $0.34 per share, which is based on our new presentation of non-GAAP net loss of $17.6 million, excluding the $11.3 million benefit from the net effects from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold.
 These results exceeded our prior non-GAAP net revenue outlook of $225 million to $260 million and more within our prior non-GAAP net loss outlook of $0.30 to $0.40 per share.
 Now I will review the highlights of our financial outlook which conforms to our new non-GAAP metrics. Further details as well as a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial outlook to GAAP are contained in our press release and on our website.
 Starting with the fiscal second quarter. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $375 million to $425 million, which is benefiting from a change in deferred net revenue of approximately $8 million. We expect total non-GAAP cost of goods sold to range from $162 million to $181 million, which is being reduced by a change in deferred cost of goods sold of approximately $15 million. Total non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to range from $160 million to $175 million. This is an increase from the prior year due primarily to higher marketing expense for Mafia III and our other upcoming title releases.
 We expect non-GAAP net income to range from $39 million to $51 million or $0.35 to $0.45 per share and to benefit from a net effect from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold of approximately $17 million. We expect total bookings to range from $350 million to $400 million. The largest contributors to bookings are expected to be NBA 2K17, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, XCOM 2 and BioShock: The Collection.
 Turning to our fiscal 2017 full year outlook. We now expect GAAP net revenue to range from $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion, which is benefiting from a change in deferred net revenue of approximately $200 million. We now expect total non-GAAP cost of goods sold to range from $842 million to $868 million, which is being increased by a change in deferred cost of goods sold of approximately $45 million. Total non-GAAP operating expenses are now expected to range from $606 million to $636 million. This increase from the prior year is driven primarily by higher marketing expense for our fiscal 2017 release slate, as well as our lineup for fiscal 2018, along with higher research and development expense, increased personnel expense from a higher headcount at our development studios and increased depreciation expense.
 We now expect non-GAAP net income to range from $229 million to $258 million, or $2 to $2.25 per share, and to benefit from a net effect from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold of approximately $118 million. We expect our operations to generate a modest amount of cash flow in fiscal 2017. As calculated pursuant to our prior non-GAAP measure, our fiscal 2017 outlook would have included non-GAAP net revenue of $1.55 billion to $1.65 billion, which is based on GAAP net revenue of $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion, excluding the $200 million benefit from the change in deferred net revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share of $1 to $1.25, which is based on our new presentation of non-GAAP net income of $229 million to $258 million, or $2 to $2.25 per share, excluding the $118 million benefit from the net effects from deferral of net revenue and related cost of goods sold.
 This represents an increase of approximately $50 million versus our previous non-GAAP net revenue outlook, which is a range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, and is unchanged versus our previous non-GAAP net income per share outlook, which was based on our prior non-GAAP measure.
 Turning to bookings. We expect total bookings to range from $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. Our bookings are expected to be roughly unchanged as compared with last year, driven primarily by our assumption that our new launches and expected growth from NBA 2K and WWE 2K will be offset by moderating results from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. The largest contributors to bookings are expected to be NBA 2K17 and NBA 2K16, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Mafia III, WWE 2K17, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and Battleborn.
 Given our better-than-expected bookings from recurrent consumer spending in the first quarter and increased expectations for the remainder of the year, we now expect digitally delivered bookings and recurrent consumer spending bookings to be approximately flat versus last year. We expect the bookings breakdown from our label to be roughly 75% 2K and 25% Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international.
 In closing, fiscal 2017 is off to a solid start and we expect to deliver another year of strong results. With our industry-leading creative assets, coupled with a sound financial discipline, Take-Two is well positioned to benefit from the positive secular trends in our industry and to deliver growth and margin expansion over the long term.
 Thank you, and now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering a strong start to the fiscal year. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Yes, I've got 2 questions for you. First, just related to the full year guidance. Maybe, Lainie, you can help me. Did you say the old guidance of $1 to $1.20 is equal to the new guidance of $2 to $2.25? And can you help me get to reconcile that? And then secondly, with regards to Mafia III, it seems like you did get some good buys out of E3. Amazon had it as the #3 most anticipated game of games that were shown at E3. And, I'm just curious, how that -- how E3 maybe has changed or caused you to adjust maybe some of your expectations for the game? 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, Eric, let me start with the guidance for next year. So the $2 to $2.25 is based on the new non-GAAP metrics, and that's what we'll be using going forward. So that compares to $1 to $1.25 that we gave out on our last call. And the sales is up slightly, and that's driven by our Q1 results and our increased recurrent consumer spending and that's offset by some additional marketing expense in the year. 
Eric Handler: Right. But how do I -- and maybe I just got spend more time with the press release, but how do I reconcile -- how do I -- what do I need to do in my model so that the $2.25 becomes $1 to $1.20? 
Lainie Goldstein: If you take a look at the press release, you'll see where we broke out, what the deferred revenues are, the deferred cost of goods sold, and then what that impact is on the net income, and that will help you reconcile it. 
Strauss Zelnick: Okay. And Eric, if you have follow-up questions, you can give Hank or Lainie a call, we'll be happy to go through it, and that would be true for anyone else on the call as well. And this is Strauss. On Mafia III at E3, yes, we had a great show. We're really excited about it. We're really proud of the way we showed of the title. And what can I say? Something like 60 awards -- 60 accolades and 12 awards, and enormous buzz, lots of press and that's one of the things -- one of the many things that E3 is good for. So this is a title that we put a lot of investment in and in terms of development and marketing, both current and upcoming, and we have high hopes for it. So stay tuned. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter of Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: Close enough. A few questions here. One, so Lainie, if I just heard you correctly, the no upside on EPS, that's -- is that, essentially, all driven by increased marketing spend? Or is there just an increased level of conservatism, for any other reason? And then Strauss, post E3, any change to the way you're going to market with Mafia? Was there anything that you saw that made you say, "We would want to come at it in a different way?" And then, also on marketing. I noticed -- just happened to notice sort of seeing these in different ways, is the marketing for GTA Online on Facebook and Instagram and some other areas, you know, it seems to be doing a pretty good job. Do you think that marketing has been particularly successful? And do you expect to be increasing that for GTA Online and possibly for other future additional add-on content? 
Lainie Goldstein: Let me address first on the guidance for fiscal year '17. So we did keep the bottom line the same, as we said, and the revenue is higher, and that is being offset by the marketing expenses. In terms of conservatism, it's still pretty early in the year. We have several titles still to be released, including Mafia III, NBA, WWE and Civilization VI. So it's still early in the year, we're pleased with the first quarter and we'll have to see how the rest of the year pans out for us. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, and then, Ben, in terms of Mafia III coming out of the show, I think we were highly optimistic going into the show, and if anything more so after the show. We already have a very significant marketing budget against the title, as we do for all of our AAA releases, but we do try to structure our marketing budgets flexibly so as we learn more, we can adjust them. But I think it's safe to say that we're really stepping up and getting behind this title because we really believe in it. To your point on GTA Online and other releases, you know I -- you're obviously very expert in these matters and you and I have talked about them. But we are -- we, like our competitors, are trying hard to be expert in reaching the consumer wherever the consumer is, and social media is a great way to do that, but you do have to be a very expert in the area. And I think we are increasing that expertise of the company broadly, and in both of our labels, and you're seeing that in our results. So what drives the results of any given title, GTA Online included, is how it speaks to consumers and it's the creativity in the title and the extraordinary experience of that game, and that experience that has drive record results in the quarter. I know we said we expected results to moderate and they haven't, we had record results again. And certainly marketing plays a role in that. But at the end of the day, of course, the product itself it is what speaks to the consumer and the marketing is getting that message out. It's our job to do A+ work with both. And I think around here, we always feel like we can do more. But yes, I think we have made some progress in social media marketing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim O'Shea of Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: So obviously, you guys have had a lot of success developing new franchises over the past few years. But more recently, it seems like new IP, like Battleborn is seeing greater challenges at launch. So the question is, now you have 9 or 10 large franchises, does it start to make sense to prioritize investment towards that existing IP instead of trying to launch new franchises? I do appreciate Strauss' comments about the importance of creativity and maybe not how everything works out, but I'm just curious how you think about this, and whether your thinking has evolved over time? 
Strauss Zelnick: Tim, it's a fair question. And I think one has to be careful with the success we've had because we've launched at least 1 new hit IP every year -- nearly every year since 2007, not every year but nearly every year. And obviously, that's why we have titles like Red Dead and titles like Borderlands and BioShock and more recently why we were able to add WWE to the mix, Shaun, because of that willingness, that openness and frankly, our risk profile. And we are capitalizing now to take on that risk. So tempting as it maybe to rest on our laurels, and we do have 11 franchises that have each sold over 5 million units in individual release. There's something like 60, that have sold, I think, 2 million units at least -- 60 releases that have sold at least 2 million units. It's tempting to do that. But of course, at the end of the day, you run the risk that they -- that the enterprise doesn't grow in that circumstance. So while one would -- one definitely has a reduced risk profile when you put out a sequel versus new IP, I think it's both our obligation and our opportunity to do both. How we do that is an open question. And there are opportunities to moderate risk, and so doing. And also, the world allows you now -- the world of interactive entertainment allows you now to have more than 1 bite of the apple. So with regard to Battleborn, we're being very frank about where we are because we're a transparent company. We're still delivering new content to Battleborn. Audiences love Battleborn. We still have virtual currency coming from Battleborn. We are not counting it out for a minute. We're just telling you where we're at now. And equally, we just launched Evolve Stage 2, which is another way to express the IP of Evolve. And we've had over 1 million people sign up to play Evolve Stage 2, and that's super exciting. So the world has changed. It's unforgiving in that we invest a lot of money in new IP. It's much more forgiving in that we can have consumers be part of our release, we can iterate with them, we can come back and play another day. And if your watchword is quality, they're great opportunities. Say what you will, the consumer's actually really have said great things about Battleborn, as have the critics. So we're still encouraged by our approach to bringing back beloved sequels while creating new intellectual property. And we do have to be careful, of course, to balance our investment and our risk with the opportunity. And that's -- there's a little bit of a science in there, a little bit of art in there, but that's one of the things we do every day. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Goodman of Bank of America. 
Ryan Goodman: I had one on the new bookings metric. So if I look at the quarter, the bookings were down quite a bit year-over-year just because of the GTA V comp, which makes sense. So I guess, 2 questions, if the annual outlook implies flattish, I believe, was in the comments. What does the September outlook for $350 million to $400 million imply on a year-over-year basis? And how should we expect the year-over-year trend to change over the course of the year? What are the key drivers there? 
Lainie Goldstein: Can you repeat that question? I'm not sure I'm understanding. 
Ryan Goodman: Sure. I'm just looking -- I want to make sure I'm understanding the metrics right. But I see like bookings for this quarter were $253 million, and I believe that was down 25% to 30% year-over-year because of the GTA 5 comps. And I thought in the prepared comments that the $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion was flattish year-over-year. So I'm just trying to understand, how we get from down 30% to there. What happens between here and there over the next few quarters? 
Lainie Goldstein: So yes, it is flattish from this year to last year. And it's driven by our release schedule that we have coming up for the rest of the year. We have Mafia III coming out, NBA, WWE, we have Civilization VI and some other titles. So it's being -- we have a very heavily weighted fall season. And that should -- that would make up the difference for the year. 
Ryan Goodman: Okay, I guess, just for a historical perspective for next quarter, the $350 million to $400 million, if you hit the midpoint of that, can you share what the year-over-year comp would be? 
Lainie Goldstein: I don't have that in front of me, but if you follow up with us after the call, we could get back to you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of San Dan of Mizuho. 
San Phan: This is San in for Neil. I was just curious to see if you expect to see an impact to the recurring digital spend in the quarter from the Olympics? And you know there's a gap before NBA 2K17 comes out, but do you expect any impact to that launch as well? 
Strauss Zelnick: Honestly, if the political season hasn't taken away activity, I certainly don't think the Olympics will. Consumers really love what we have to offer. And when consumers love entertainment, they consume a lot of it. It does not appear to be substitutable. So, no. Exciting as the Olympics may be, I don't think it will affect us even in the smallest way. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time during the audio portion of the conference. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: We would just like to thank everyone for joining us today. We had a good solid quarter, a great start for the year. We've revised our revenue outlook up. We're highly optimistic about what will be one of our strongest fall and holiday release schedules ever. And we want to thank all of our shareholders, for their continued support. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-05-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Q4 Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 ended March 31, 2016. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements and further explanation. And on our website, we have provided additional details regarding the non-GAAP components of our cost of goods sold and operating expenses. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that fiscal 2016 marked the third consecutive year in which Take-Two delivered revenues and earnings that significantly exceeded our original outlook, driven principally by positive momentum in our core offerings. We generated record digitally delivered revenue, including our highest ever recurrent consumer spending, and our strong earnings converted into significant cash flow. We finished the fiscal year with our balance sheet in its best shape ever, including cash and short-term investments of nearly $1.3 billion.
 We believe our company has the best creative talent in the business. The key to our success has been their consistent ability to deliver the highest quality entertainment experiences in our industry, as reflected both in the outstanding critical reviews and strong sales that our titles enjoy.
 Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online have exceeded our expectations in every quarter since their release and continue meaningfully to expand their audience more than 2.5 years after their initial launch. Grand Theft Auto V remains the highest rated title on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and is the must-have experience for gamers, especially as the installed base of the new generation of consoles continues to grow. To date, Grand Theft Auto V is sold in more than 65 million units worldwide. Moreover, engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online continues to be fantastic with both fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 revenues up year-over-year. Rockstar Games has driven sustained engagement with the Grand Theft Auto Online by delighting audiences with the regular release of free content updates, and they have many more on the way to keep this community thriving. Rockstar Games is, of course, also hard at work on some exciting future projects that will be revealed soon.
 NBA 2K16 has continued to build on our industry-leading basketball series track record of annual growth. The title's outperformed our expectations and remains poised to become our highest selling sports game ever with selling of nearly 7.5 million units, up double digits versus the same period for the prior release. NBA 2K has benefited from strong player engagement, and sales of the games' virtual currency have been the largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending next to Grand Theft Auto Online. During fiscal 2016, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew 70% year-over-year, driven both by online play and the MyNBA 2K companion app. The NBA 2K experience has become much more than traditional sport simulation game. It's a true sports RPG that incorporates deep storylines along with pop music and culture. This evolution has helped to broaden its appeal beyond sports fans, with revenue from the series increasing at an extraordinary 31% compound annual growth rate over the past 7 fiscal years. We believe that we can continue to expand NBA 2K's loyal fan base as well as drive increased engagement and recurrent consumer spending for years to come.
 Our annual WWE 2K series has also continued to grow, with WWE 2K16 crossing the 3 million unit selling mark during the fourth quarter. And revenue from the title has been further enhanced by the success of its downloadable add-on content, including its Season Pass. Since acquiring the license in February 2013, we've grown unit sales every year, reversing the negative trend under the former publisher. During its peak from 2007 through 2009, the WWE video game series sold 6 million to 7 million units per year. Today, the WWE brand remains as popular and vibrant as ever, and we believe we can continue to grow sales by further leveraging the development and marketing expertise of 2K and Visual Concepts, which are responsible for the tremendous success of NBA 2K. During fiscal 2016, we extended our long-term partnership with WWE, and we look forward to many more years of successful collaboration. 
 During the fourth quarter, 2K launched XCOM 2, which was developed by the strategy experts at Firaxis Games. XCOM 2 received stellar reviews, with IGN awarding it a 9.3 out of 10, PC Gamer a 94% out of 100% and Game Informer Magazine a 9.5 out of 10. Sales of the title have exceeded our expectations and are higher than the PC version of its predecessor, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, during the same period after launch. XCOM 2 is being supported with an array of add-on content, including the Anarchy's Children and Alien Hunters packs that are available now, which should enable XCOM 2 to achieve the long-tailed success that Firaxis Games' strategy titles typically experience.
 During fiscal 2016, we continued to capitalize in our industry's ongoing transition towards digital distribution. We generated record digitally delivered revenue of $835.2 million, which grew 36% year-over-year and accounted for 54% of our total net revenue. Recurrent consumer spending grew 33% year-over-year to its highest level ever and accounted for 26% of our total net revenue. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by other offerings, including downloadable add-on content, led by Borderlands, WWE 2K, Sid Meier's Civilization and Evolve, WWE SuperCard, which has now been downloaded more than 10 million times and it's our most financially successful free-to-play mobile offering, and NBA 2K Online in China, which delivered record revenues and now has over 31 million registered users. Continuing to drive increased engagement with our titles remains a key strategic priority for our organization and is one of our most important long-term growth and margin expansion opportunities. We now support virtually all of our new releases with innovative offerings designed to achieve this objective. 
 Our results also benefited from strong growth in full game downloads, with over 20% of units for new gen consoles and over 90% of units for PC delivered digitally. In addition, it bears noting that approximately half of our catalog sales for old gen consoles are being delivered through digital download. Digital distribution is disproportionately benefiting our catalog as it gives consumers the opportunity to buy older titles that no longer receive physical shelf space. In particular, Rockstar Games has been having tremendous success with their hit PlayStation 2 titles, such as Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas and Bully, which are now available for download on the PlayStation 4 via the console's emulation technology. Rockstar Games is the top publisher in the PlayStation 2 classics on PlayStation 4 program with 3 of the 5 highest selling games.
 Today, we believe Take-Two is better positioned than ever for long-term success. Fiscal 2017 is poised to be another year of non-GAAP earnings in excess of $1 per share, and we currently expect to grow both revenues and earnings in fiscal 2018 based on our robust development pipeline. The wind's at our back with favorable industry trends, including our current installed base of over 60 million new gen consoles, which IDG expects to reach 115 million by 2019, and a thriving digitally delivered market for PC games. The opportunities for interactive entertainment on emerging platforms such as tablets and smartphones and in developing markets such as China and Korea are expanding rapidly, and we're actively pursuing these sectors with a highly disciplined approach. We have what we believe is the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business, and the extraordinary success of our products is breeding greater demand from consumers worldwide, which in turn creates increased opportunities for our company.
 These are really exciting times for both Take-Two and our industry. While interactive entertainment has been enjoyed for decades, we're just beginning to see what can be achieved by combining technological innovation with the artistic passion of our creative talent. We're committed to delivering the highest quality, most engaging entertainment experiences that captivate audiences wherever they are, and that will continue to generate returns for our shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by congratulating our colleagues around the world for delivering another strong year. The hard work and dedication of our teams continue to benefit our company, provide a sound foundation for the future. I'll now discuss our recently released titles and upcoming lineup.
 On April 26, 2K launched the physical release of Tales from the Borderlands, the critically acclaimed, award-winning episodic adventure game from Telltale Games and Gearbox Software on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, Xbox 360 and PC. Renowned for its humor and thrilling action, Tales from the Borderlands is a terrific complement to the immensely successful Borderlands series.
 On May 3, 2K added a promising new brand to our industry-leading portfolio with their launch of Battleborn. We are encouraged by this title's potential, and we'll continue to expand the experience with a host of free and paid additional content offerings. 2K and Gearbox Software will be supporting Battleborn 5 add-on content packs to be released post launch, which players may purchase individually or together at a substantial savings through the game's Season Pass. Free content updates for Battleborn will include 5 new playable heroes, bringing the total roster to 30, as well as an -- as additional competitive multiplayer modes, maps, balance updates and community features. In keeping with the success we've had supporting our AAA titles with free-to-play mobile games, 2K also released the Battleborn Tap companion app, which mirrors Battleborn's progression and loot system and enables players to earn new character skins that can be used in a full game. I'd like to congratulate 2K and Gearbox Software for once again delivering an entirely new, groundbreaking entertainment experience.
 Excitement continues to build for 2K's October 7 launch of Mafia III, currently in development at 2K's Hangar 13 studio. Mafia III is the next installment in our successful organized crime series. Set in New Bordeaux and reimagined New Orleans circa 1968, Mafia III places players in the role of gifted antihero, Lincoln Clay, a Vietnam vet determined to take revenge on the Italian mob betraying and murdering his surrogate family. Mafia III will take the series in a bold new direction by combining its trademark cinematic storytelling of a dynamic, open world. Mafia III will be present at E3, highlighted by a stylized area at our booth that is not to be missed. 2K and Hangar 13 will continue to reveal more details about this amazing new title in the coming months.
 Turning to our annual sports releases. 2K is hard at work on this year's versions of NBA 2K and WWE 2K. In the coming weeks, we will reveal the cover athlete for NBA 2K17, which will continue the series' proud tradition of working with the NBA's most elite athletes when the game launches in September. NBA 2K17 will also celebrate the basketball legacy of Kobe Bryant by featuring the recently retired, 18-time NBA All-Star on the cover of the NBA 2K17 Legend Edition. This special edition will highlight Bryant's career with themed memorabilia and exclusive digital content. In addition, WWE 2K17 is currently in development at Yukes and Visual Concepts, and we are confident that they will continue to innovate the series and build on its positive momentum when the game launches in October. WWE 2K17 will also be a part of the WWE SummerSlam weekend this August in New York. 2K will have more to share about these titles and their exciting new features in the coming months.
 Last week, 2K and Firaxis Games announced that Sid Meier's Civilization VI, the next installment in our award-winning, turn-based strategy series that is sold in over 34 million units worldwide, will launch for the PC on October 21. The release of Civilization VI will mark the 25th anniversary of the series and provide the most detailed, vivid and beautiful experience ever featured in a Civilization game. In this all-new title, active research and technology and culture will unlock new potential ways to play. Cities will physically expand across the map, and world leaders will pursue their own agendas based on their historical character traits as players race to achieve victory. We're thrilled to introduce a new installment to this beloved series, which promises to once again captivate fans with every turn.
 In addition to these frontline releases, we will continue to deliver an array of digitally delivered offerings designed to drive engagement with and recurrent consumer spending on our recent releases and upcoming titles, including additional free content drops for Grand Theft Auto Online.
 Our NBA 2K16 eSports tournament on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One is quickly approaching the June 1 finals, where the 2 remaining teams will compete in Los Angeles to win a $250,000 grand prize and a trip to the NBA Finals. Throughout the tournament, more than 92,000 teams competed in over 2 million games, and the playoff and championship rounds will be broadcast on Twitch for audiences to enjoy. We're very pleased with our initial foray into the emerging world of eSports, and we will continue to explore ways to leverage our properties and to engage and reward our loyal fans.
 Next month, 2K will have a booth on the show for E3, where a selection of our upcoming titles will be on display. We welcome you to stop by, see how we will continue our trend of delivering the most innovative and immersive entertainment experiences in our industry.
 Looking beyond the current fiscal year, we have a robust long-term development pipeline across both of our labels, which features offerings from our renowned franchises along with new intellectual properties that promises to further diversify our industry-leading portfolio.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 and then discuss our outlook for the first quarter in fiscal year 2017. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP, and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. And on our website, we have provided additional details regarding the non-GAAP components for our cost of goods sold and operating expenses.
 Starting with our results for the fiscal fourth quarter. Net revenue was $342.5 million as compared to $427.7 million in last year's fourth quarter, which had benefited from the release of Evolve and continued sales of our more extensive holiday release slate. This result exceeded our outlook range of $260 million to $310 million due primarily to stronger than expected revenues from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. In addition, NBA 2K16 exceeded our expectations.
 Digitally delivered revenue grew 12% to $226.6 million and accounted for 66% of our total net revenue. 55% of digitally delivered revenue was derived from recurrent consumer spending, which grew 15%. The largest contributors to digitally delivered revenue were Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K, and XCOM 2. Catalog sales accounted for $211.3 million of net revenue, led by Grand Theft Auto and Borderlands.
 Gross margin was 46.4%. The decrease was due primarily to higher amortization of capitalized software development costs, partially offset by growth in digitally delivered revenue.
 Operating expenses was $109.6 million, down by $15.4 million due primarily to higher marketing expense last year for the launch of Evolve. Interest and other expense was $0.2 million as we generated higher interest income than the last year's fourth quarter. We recorded a tax benefit of $2.5 million, which includes $5.4 million in tax benefits related to video game development cost. These benefits were higher than our forecast. And in addition, our tax rate, excluding these benefits, was lower than our forecast.
 Non-GAAP net income was $51.7 million or $0.46 per share versus $54.3 million or $0.49 per share in the prior year's fourth quarter. This result exceeded our outlook range of $0.15 to $0.25 per share due to our strong business performance and lower tax expense.
 On a GAAP basis, net revenue grew 26% to $377.2 million and net income increased to $46.4 million or $0.48 per share.
 Turning now to our full year results. Net revenue was $1.56 billion versus $1.67 billion in fiscal 2015, which had benefited from a more extensive release slate, including the launch of Grand Theft Auto V on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The largest contributors were Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K16 and WWE 2K16.
 Digitally delivered revenue grew 36% to a record $835.2 million and accounted for 54% of our total net revenue. 48% of digitally delivered revenue or 26% of total net revenue was derived from recurrent consumer spending, which grew 33%, to its highest level ever. The largest contributors to digital sales were Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K, Borderlands and XCOM 2.
 Gross margin decreased modestly to 46.2% due primarily to a lower margin title mix, partially offset by growth in digitally delivered revenue.
 Operating expenses were $483.5 million, down by $14.8 million due to lower marketing expense, which was partially offset by increased personnel expense from a higher headcount, higher research and development expense and increased depreciation expense. Interest and other expense was $6.7 million. We recorded a tax expense of $13.2 million, which includes $37.6 million or $0.33 per share in tax benefits related to video game development costs. Excluding these benefits, our effective tax rate was approximately 22%.
 Non-GAAP net income was $218.3 million or $1.96 per share as compared to $219.2 million or $1.98 per share in fiscal 2015.
 On a GAAP basis, net revenue grew 31% to $1.41 billion, and net loss narrowed to $8.3 million or $0.10 per share.
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet, March 31, 2016, as compared to December 31, 2015. Our cash and short-term investments balance increased to $1.27 billion. This equates to net cash of $11.12 per share, which includes a potential dilution from our convertible notes. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to $168.5 million, primarily reflecting collection of receivables. Inventory decreased to $15.9 million. And software development costs and licenses increased to $393.2 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases.
 Now I will review our financial outlook, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the first quarter, we expect net revenue to range from $225 million to $260 million and net loss to range from $0.40 to $0.30 per share. Revenues are expected to be lower as compared with the first quarter of 2015, driven primarily by our assumptions that revenue from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online will start to moderate, partially offset by the launch of Battleborn. The largest contributors to revenue are expected to be Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K16 and Battleborn. We expect gross margins to expand to the upper 40s.
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 32% due primarily to higher marketing expense for the launches of Battleborn and Mafia III. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 30% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. We project interest and other expense of $2 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of 86 million. And our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 23%.
 Turning to the details of our full year outlook. We expect net revenue to range from $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion and net income to range from $1 to $1.25 per share. Our revenues are expected to be roughly unchanged as compared with last year, driven primarily by our assumption that our new launches and expected growth from NBA 2K and WWE 2K will be offset by moderating results from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online.
 Our net income is expected to be lower versus fiscal 2016 due primarily to higher expected operating expenses and substantially lower tax benefits than recorded last year. The largest contributors to revenue are expected to be NBA 2K17 and NBA 2K16, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, Mafia III, WWE 2K17, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and Battleborn.
 We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 75% 2K and 25% Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We expect gross margins to expand to around 50%.
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 27%, driven primarily by higher marketing expense for our fiscal 2017 release slate as well as our lineup for fiscal 2018, higher research and development expense, increased personnel expense from a higher headcount at the development studios and increased depreciation expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 18% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. We project interest and other expense of $4 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of 117 million. And our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 23%, which includes $60 million in tax benefits related to video game development costs. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is $4.4 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share. We expect our operations to generate a modest amount of cash in fiscal 2017.
 In closing, the consistent execution of our strategy to deliver the highest quality, interactive entertainment experiences, coupled with disciplined financial management, enabled Take-Two to deliver another year of better than expected revenues, profits and cash flow. Fiscal 2017 promises to be another strong year for our company, creatively, operationally and financially. We are well positioned to deliver growth and margin expansion over the long term.
 Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another strong year for our company. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I was just curious. There were some changes in the industry and wondering how you're thinking about Take-Two being affected or not affected by some of those changes in the ecosystems that would be around the PlayStation 4.5, a new Nintendo console, virtual reality -- I guess you mentioned eSports. Are those various things opportunities, challenges or indifferent for Take-Two? 
Strauss Zelnick: I think in general, these are all opportunities depending on how things pencil out. A successful, new console gives us another opportunity to release titles, whomever it comes from. eSports is a very exciting area that we talked about in today's call. We're just beginning to participate through our NBA 2K tournament. I think the fact that there were 92,000 teams that were involved was pretty extraordinary. Right now, eSports still tends to be a marketing vehicle for our games and create more engagement, but we are able to monetize that engagement with the recurrent consumer spending. So  that's certainly a good thing. And I've talked a bit about VR in the past. And there is a lot of excitement in the marketplace, and a lot of our people are excited, too. We're still in R&D mode around here because this is still not a consumer business. We want to be really clear. If this is the consumers' platform of choice, we'll bring our intellectual property to it aggressively and ambitiously. We just tend not to vote when we don't have to. The vote that we cast is be wherever the consumer is -- that's channel distribution vehicle, platform, product type, geography, be there with the best intellectual property in the market and where we don't have to vote. Yes, we don't. So the wind's at our back, it's also our competitors' back. We think the people who win most are those that are the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient, and that's what we aspire to be. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler from MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two questions for you here. On GTA Online, last year, in fiscal '16, you thought there would be some moderation. You're expecting some moderation now in fiscal '17. Are you seeing anything to suggest right now in your monthly data that there is, in fact, a slowdown going on? And then secondly, for Lainie, how are you guys treating the convert that you have coming due in December in your guidance? And what's weighing on the cash flow outlook for the year? 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of GTA Online, I see it the way you do, Eric, which is, in fact, it has performed better than all of our expectations and that's certainly gratifying. And I think that's a reflection of how amazing GTA V is, how fantastic GTA Online is and how great the additional content drops have been. And we have been very pleased by the continuing results. It's more than 2.5 years after the initial release, and yet, results continue to be up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. So we can't quite say when results will moderate. So far, the title continues to perform very well indeed, but at some point, one's expectation would be, fourth, moderating results. Lainie? 
Lainie Goldstein: For the convert, we're accounting for the convert as if they are to be settled in stock, which is what is included in our guidance right now, but it's -- that's our current intent, but we have the option to settle on either cash or stock. So when we get closer to the maturity date, we'll evaluate the best way to settle the convert. We can look at where our cash balance is at that time. So right now -- at the end of the year, we were up $1.27 billion to have a strong balance. And we'll see what the potential uses for that cash are, and we'll determine what our best option is at that time. 
Eric Handler: And then the free cash flow, was there anything particular that's weighing on your view that it would be modestly positive? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, we're continuing to invest in the game development for our pipeline and also IT-related fixed asset expenses. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter from Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few questions. One, I think I know the answer to this but just to clarify. All the guidance there -- all the figures you've given us so far include only the announced title date. That's the first question. Second question, Strauss, I think you mentioned that you expect FY '18 revenue and earnings to grow. If you could just discuss why you have confidence to give that -- give so much guidance today? And then finally, any update on just how you're thinking about the cash and how you're thinking about M&A in general? 
Strauss Zelnick: So to your first question, just to clarify, we've announced the entire release schedule for the year, and that's what you should expect our release schedule to be. And that's what our outlook is based on. Any changes would be performance-based largely. In terms of -- I'm going to skip to question 3, which is cash uses. And our view remains the same, which is there are 3 potential uses: support organic growth, which has been our story all along, hasn't been a very good story. And we do think there are wonderful opportunities for organic growth, whether that's new types of products or expanding our focus in other geographies, like Asia. It's been very fruitful for us; or supporting new platforms as they develop or new -- other new opportunities like eSports. There are opportunities for inorganic growth. Those tend to sort of come along when you least expect them. That's why we believe cash is a strategic asset. We are very disciplined. We do believe in doing accretive deals that does distinguish us from some of our competitors historically. And retrospectively, that's been a very good call on our part. And then, of course, we're -- we believe in returning cash to the shareholders. In the past several years, we purchased about $300 million worth of stock, and we certainly have an opportunity to do so in the future. We have an outstanding authorization for a buyback. Would you mind repeating your second question? Because I seem to miss it. 
Benjamin Schachter: I think you mentioned that you expected growth, I think, on both revenue and earnings for FY '18. So what gives you the confidence to say that now? 
Strauss Zelnick: That was more a comment than a question. Or was there a question in there? 
Karl Slatoff: What gives you confidence? 
Strauss Zelnick: What gives me confidence. Yes, it's what we're working on at our development studios. 
Karl Slatoff: We have very good visibility into our pipeline. And given what we see and also our ability to continue to grow recurrent consumer spending in the context of great new releases, it gives us high confidence in fiscal year '18 growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: Just -- this is Tim O'Shea first for Brian. So just another one on the outlook. I know that Lainie mentioned the higher OpEx in taxes next year, but I was just hoping you might help us understand the specific situation that might be driving the disconnect between top line growth and EPS growth outlook for fiscal '17. Is there a game that's going to be less profitable than expected? Or maybe I noticed that large deferred revenue outlook. Just how should we interpret this? And then I had a quick follow-up. 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, for next year, when we're looking at the disconnect in terms of the bottom line, what you said is true. Our -- we don't have as big of a tax benefit. We had $0.33 per share this year. And next year, we're going to only have $0.14 per share. And then also, our operating expenses are going to increase about 29% primarily due to higher marketing expense. Our margins are higher. So it doesn't -- so the pipeline is set and is strong and it's just a big difference because of the marketing expense as well as the taxes. 
Timothy O'Shea: Okay, got it. And then just broadly speaking -- it's a higher level question, but we've seen some consolidation across the space with the biggest games in each category taking more market share. I'm just curious, first of all, if you would agree with that sentiment and, if so, how that trend towards consolidation impact your planning decisions around both your larger franchises, like GTA and NBA, and maybe also your smaller ones which may not be category leaders. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, in this instance, we would agree with what you're observing, which is that the bigger and better are getting stronger. And that's consistent with the nature of the entertainment business, which is -- as entertainment businesses mature, a greater proportion of consumer attention and, therefore, revenue goes to the highest quality releases. Essentially, when entertainment businesses are nascent, people are willing to experiment among another -- a number of brands. As they mature, all consumers' tastes tend to narrow and focus on the biggest titles in the business. This has been true from time immemorial, since the beginning of the electronic entertainment business across every different type. And it's why we've had the strategy that we've had at this company, which is put out -- create and put out a high -- the highest quality releases and do a limited number so you can really focus and focus not just on your existing IP but try to launch new successful IP every year. And we've been able to do that most years since we took over the company. And that's why we have 11 titles that have each sold over 5 million units in an individual release and something like 45 that have each sold 2 million units or more in an individual release, which we think is a standard bearer of the industry. So yes, the strong gets stronger, and that was true with motion pictures and television and the music. It's going to be true in interactive entertainment, and that puts pressure on us and on our key competitors to continue to deliver the highest quality titles and to focus on doing so. So we see it as an opportunity as much as a challenge. And certainly, for the haves, it's a much better place to be than the have-nots. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia from CRT Capital. 
Arvind Bhatia: This is for Strauss, Karl or Lainie. As you go back to this time last year, you started with guidance of $0.75 to $1. Obviously, you delivered earnings that were significantly higher than that. As you look back, would you say that most of the upside was from GTA V and GTA Online? Perhaps you could review the top 3 reasons you were able to deliver that much upside. And then my second question is specifically on Mafia III. If you could maybe provide a framework for us to be able to kind of think about the scale of this to be able to model it. Maybe talk about the marketing support, other things that you're doing and how you're modeling it perhaps as of this point. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of our guidance from this past year, when we set our original guidance, it was our best estimate at the time when we gave out those numbers. We had a very light release schedule. And as you mentioned, some of our titles performed stronger than we had expected, GTA V and GTA Online. And that, coupled with our tax credits, is what helped us to have these fantastic results for this year. 
Karl Slatoff: And Arvind, in terms of Mafia III, obviously, this is a title that we're very, very excited about here from a creative perspective, from -- and -- but also from a commercial perspective. We think this title has the perfect combination of what people are looking for in an open world, story based driven title with a lot of things and a lot of games don't have. A lot of time and money has gone into it. We've got a great creative team being led by Haden Blackman. So we are very excited about this title and the prospect of this title. And when you get this right in this particular genre, you can obviously achieve significant success. In terms of -- and we've done that before in general. So in terms of providing you with a specific model that you can go by, I don't have anything specific for you to go there. But I can tell you that our expectation is that we should be exceeding anything that we've ever done on the Mafia side before and again from a creative perspective and a commercial perspective. So you can always look at the previous Mafia titles as a benchmark, but again, I wouldn't stake too much on that because we think this title will vastly exceed what the previous Mafias have been able to accomplish over the past. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz from Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: You mentioned that you've had success with some of your older Grand Theft Auto titles from the PS2 that are on the PS4 with the ability to play older titles. Just wondering if there's any appetite there for -- actually to remaster some of those older titles into HD? Is that something sort of conceptually that you think would be a worthwhile use of your talent and time? 
Strauss Zelnick: That's something that the labels will decide and talk about in due course. Certainly, we wouldn't rule it out. It will be largely an economic decision. I don't -- we wouldn't do anything that's not going to look great creatively. So the starting point is, is this going to delight consumers? Is this going to look good? You know that we're a company that is not driven first and foremost by, "Can we create revenue this way?" We would have started by saying, "Will this be exciting to consumers? Will they be happy with it? Will it reflect well on our brands? Will it reflect well on our company?" And if the answer is yes, then it may well be a compelling opportunity. But if the answer is indifferent or no, then even if we have an opportunity to make a few bucks, we probably would decline. So I think that's the lens through which we look. The actual decisions are made by the labels. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Doshi from Mizuho. 
San Phan: This is San in for Neil. You mentioned the release slate is pretty -- is confirmed for the year, but does that include any content drops in DLC [ph]? In other words, could we possibly see content that might not otherwise be baked in at the moment? Then the second question is regarding NBA 2K. There has been really strong growth in registered users. Just wondering if you can share any -- maybe additional metrics, like active users or paying users. And is the strategy there to drive a greater number of players to pay? Or is it just to drive higher ARPU per paying user? And if we can see maybe potential other revenue streams like ad-based streams for those that aren't paying. 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of our outlook, we have contemplated recurrent consumer spending in the outlook. We've contemplated product drops. There could be changes there, and perhaps, there is some opportunity. But this is the outlook as we see it now. And we contemplated all aspects of our business, but things can change. In terms of metrics, we haven't really shared a great deal of metrics on our in-game spending. We give the broad -- certainly give broad numbers around recurrent consumer spending. And it's been great, are nearly -- more than 1/4 of our non-GAAP net revenue last fiscal year [Audio Gap] was recurrent consumer spending. So certainly, the numbers are meaningful. And we have mentioned that we have 31 million users, signed-up users, of Grand Theft Auto on -- oh, sorry, of NBA 2K Online in China. So we have mentioned that metric. We have talked about usage of Grand Theft Auto Online in the fourth quarter. So we've given some metrics. We don't tend to give a broad array of metrics because this is still a work in progress and still developing activity here and because we don't want people to extrapolate. Even though the results have been excellent, we don't want to extrapolate that they're perpetually a nice, gentle, upward-sloping curve because it's just too early in our experience to see that. In terms of our strategy, our strategy -- and I know it sounds like motherhood and apple pie, but it genuinely is our strategy. We're trying to delight consumers as they engage in our products. And when we make a content drop, we want that to be something exciting to consumers. And we know if we do that, then we will increase engagement. And therefore, we will increase spending, and therefore, we'll increase revenue and profits. And of course, we are a profit-seeking enterprise. We are focused on -- squarely in the real world. We're a for-profit company, but the way entertainment businesses survive and thrive with the backdrop, as Lainie mentioned, of being exceedingly efficient, well organized, professionally managed and fiscally highly disciplined -- but with that backdrop, our focus turns entirely to creativity. And that creativity is around what's going to make consumers most excited about our titles and most excited about our brands and most engaged with our titles and repeatedly engaged with our titles. And then as they are engaged, we need to give them opportunities to spend that, in and of itself, enhances the game experience, doesn't detract from it. We don't put up toll booths. We don't annoy our consumers. We simply get paid along the way. And that's what we aim to do, and that has had a great result around here. But many of our competitors are actually proud of the fact that they're primarily data-driven, that they're focused on the content supporting the data that supports the purchases, that supports the revenue, that supports the profitability. We do not do it that way. We are creative. We make an incredible entertainment experience and then we seek to monetize it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey from The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: I'm curious, when you release new content for GTA Online, do you see a corresponding impact or sales impact for the base game, GTA V? Thinking about sort of the marketing vehicle to maybe new installs or maybe prior gen players crossing over to the current gen experience, where obviously there is new content coming out. And then, I guess, still part of that question is, I guess it's sort of nebulous thinking about the pipeline for GTA Online content, but would you sort of characterize it as about the same amount of content coming out this year or more or less? That would be helpful. And I have a quick follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, it's a good question, Mike. I don't -- GTA V has continued to sell. As you know, we've talked about the unit sales. Certainly, there's been great news there because we've sold so many units. We have not tracked what happens to the GTA V sales when new content is dropped into GTA Online. So we'd be speculating about what influence there would be, but I think anything that makes GTA Online exciting is good for GTA V. And I do expect that it's going to continue to be a very strong title going forward and a great catalog title over time that -- if history is any guide, that would be the case. In terms of the pipeline for online content on an ongoing basis, that's something for Rockstar to talk about in due time, but there is content coming. 
Michael Hickey: Okay, cool. The last question, Gearbox had sort of some encouraging, I guess, commentary on the initial sales of Battleborn. It sort of reflected on Borderlands, and I think it was maybe outpacing that a bit. And my impression was they sort of suggested maybe it was a slower start but had the potential to build into something meaningful. I think Borderlands, life to date, has done maybe 8 million units. So curious if you share that enthusiasm for the future sales potential of Battleborn. And then also, if I remember -- Borderlands had done pretty well, at least in terms of attaching digital content, but I'm sort of curious on more forward sales curve of -- if you'd seen sort of outside success in terms of full game downloads of that game. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, the initial results are very encouraging, which is, I think, we can properly take away from those comments, but it is early yet. The scores are good. Consumers like it, a lot of people playing it and really loving the game play. But I wouldn't want you to draw conclusion that the Battleborn curve is necessarily the Borderlands curve because we just don't have any of that information yet. So we're encouraged and we feel good about it, remains to be seen how it performs. And in terms of the ongoing digital content, we've said there is more content coming. Again, we'll leave the specifics to the label. 
Michael Hickey: I guess, I meant -- I was meaning to ask, Strauss, the percentage of sales full game download versus physical. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I don't think we've talked about it yet, Mike. 
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Drew Crum from Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So as far as the fiscal '17 revenue guidance is concerned, does it assume digital growth and, more specifically, growth through recurrent consumer spending? And then separately, one of your competitors yesterday talked very bullishly about the opportunity in Asia. Maybe you can kind of reset or talk about what the company's strategy is in that market as you enter fiscal '17. 
Lainie Goldstein: For digital, our financial outlook assumes that we're going to generate modestly lower digitally  delivered revenue in fiscal 2017, like 1% decline in the mid-single digits. This is driven by our assumption that recurrent consumer spending will be moderately lower around 10% and full game downloads will be roughly flat. For recurrent consumer spending, we expect it to be lower based on our assumption that growth in virtual currency for NBA 2K and higher revenues from downloadable add-on content for a variety of our titles will be more than offset by moderating revenues from Grand Theft Auto Online. And we expect our full game downloads to be roughly flat as last year benefited from the launch of Grand Theft Auto V for PC. But over the long term, we expect digitally delivered revenue to grow, and we continue to execute our strategy to drive greater engagement and recurrent consumer spending. And as our industry transitions more towards full game downloads, we expect to grow over the long term. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, and in terms of -- this is Strauss. In terms of Asia, our Asia strategy was set in motion a number of years ago when we opened a headquarters in Singapore, became a publisher in Japan and entered a number of other markets. And then we also tried new kinds of products that we felt would be quite challenging to launch in Europe or in the U.S. but could be opportune to launch in Asia largely free-to-play, massive-multiplayer games. We've had strong results with NBA 2K Online in China, and we've mentioned those as part of today's call. We've launched Civilization Online in Korea. And that, we'll also launch in a number of other Asian markets. And we're working on a number of other really interesting opportunities. So that business has already been very fruitful for us, has grown from a very small part of our business to a meaningful part of our business. And it's a very exciting part of the world, and people's appetite for games is somewhat different than here in the U.S. or in Europe with a significant focus on massive-multiplayer games and a significant focus on the free-to-play model. So we don't believe that all models work in all markets. We think you have to tailor what we bring to a particular market with the needs and desires of the consumers in that market. So we're incredibly excited about Asia. And I would just like to make the comment that we, as an industry, are just scratching the surface in China of what's possible. And I do believe -- and it may be a contrarian point of view, but I think that an area of China that's remained very challenging which -- has been the distribution of Western products. I think the Chinese government realize more and more that it is actually not challenging, that it's actually beneficial, that it's what consumers want, that it will not cause consumers to have a view of Chinese society that is, in any way, unfortunate for the government. And I think restrictions will probably be loosened. My guess is not within the next 12 months but, I do believe, in the coming years. And that's going to be incredible news for us because, of course, the middle-class alone in China is bigger than all U.S. households. So we think that there is an amazing opportunity there. We're poised for the opportunity. Naturally, we comply with government regulations wherever we are in the world, and China is no exception. But I am of the view that it's time for restrictions to be softened, that it will be beneficial for Chinese society as they see it, not just as I see it. And I do believe that creates a massive opportunity for us and not reflected in this year's numbers, next year's numbers or anyone's outlook for the industry. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thank you so much for joining us today. We're very pleased with our results. We're proud of our outlook, but what we're really proud of is our colleagues all around the world, almost 3,000 of them, who are engaged every day in trying to make the very best interactive entertainment properties on earth, to bring them to market and to run a really solid, serious and responsible business and making sure that we delight consumers as they experience our products. So we're -- we feel very grateful to have an opportunity to work in this business, about which we're so passionate. We're grateful to our colleagues, and we're really pleased with the results. Thanks for joining us. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your time and participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-02-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond, you may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 ended December 31, 2015. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, and Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2015, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Over the past few years we've seen demand for Take-Two's core offerings steadily accelerate, enabling our company repeatedly to exceed expectations. And today I'm pleased to report another quarter of better-than-expected revenue and earnings, which reflect immense consumer appetite for our products throughout the holiday season. 
 Our strong earnings converted into significant cash flow, and as of December 31, we had over $1.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. The largest contributors to our outstanding results were Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K16 and WWE 2K16, along with record revenue from recurrent consumer spending. 
 Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continue to captivate new audiences and have exceeded our expectations in every period since launch. Grand Theft Auto V has now sold in over 60 million units worldwide. In addition, consumers remain highly engaged with the vast open world of Grand Theft Auto Online, which achieved its best week ever for both revenues and active players during this holiday season, more than 2 years after launch. In the third quarter the game was not only the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending, it also generated its highest revenue ever. 
 Rockstar Games has driven sustained engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online by delighting audiences through the ongoing release of free additional content and regular in-game events. During the holiday season Rockstar Games supported Grand Theft Auto Online with a rich array of updates including Festive Surprise 2015, Executives and Other Criminals, Lowriders and Halloween Surprise, all of which were key contributors to the game's record results. 
 Rockstar Games has continued to add new content in the current quarter with an update on January 28 that featured the new Drop Zone Adversary Mode, 2 new high-end vehicles and additional improvements. As a result of its continued outperformance, we're now forecasting that revenues from Grand Theft Auto Online will be up year-over-year in fiscal 2016. 
 NBA 2K16 is poised to become the most successful release in the history of our industry-leading basketball series. To date the title has sold in more than 6 million units, which is up double digits versus the same period last year and has exceeded our expectations. Revenues and profits from NBA 2K16 have grown at an even higher rate as we continue to drive increased player engagement along with rising sales of virtual currency. 
 During the third quarter recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew 72% year-over-year, driven both by online play and the My NBA 2K companion app. These strong engagement trends have continued in the fourth quarter with concurrent and daily active users both hitting new all-time highs for the series in January. In addition, we're seeing expanding interest in NBA 2K for mobile gamers, with sales of NBA 2K16 for iOS and Android up more than 60% versus last year's release. 
 The NBA 2K experience has expanded well beyond being a traditional sport simulation and that evolution has been an important driver of the series' growth. Through features like the My Career mode, NBA 2K has become a true sports role-playing game that incorporates deep storylines infused with pop culture and music. In recent year's icons such as Spike Lee, Jay-Z and Pharrell have contributed to the game and helped broaden its mass appeal. 
 WWE 2K16 has continued to build on its successful October 27 launch, achieving significantly improved review scores and sales growth versus last year's release. In addition, we've driven increased recurring consumer spending on the title through the popularity of downloadable add-on content offerings, including the Season Pass. We believe a significant opportunity remains to grow the WWE 2K series further by leveraging the development and marketing expertise of Visual Concepts in 2K, who are responsible for the incredible success of NBA 2K. We recently announced a long-term extension of our thriving partnership with WWE and look forward to many more years of collaboration and growth. 
 A variety of other titles from our diverse portfolio also contributed to our third quarter success. On October 9, 2K launched a massive expansion pack, Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth - Rising Tide, which earned rave reviews from top critics and enriched our iconic PC strategy series that is sold in nearly 33 million units. 
 We also continued to expand our offerings from mobile devices, highlighted by the release of Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories for iOS. Over the past few years we've been able to generate meaningful, high margin revenues by bringing many of our older Grand Theft Auto and other catalog titles to mobile platforms and to newer generation consoles. For example, the updated versions of the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PC Classic Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas that we released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 alone have sold in more than 3.5 million units. In addition, Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy was recently brought to PlayStation 4 through the release of select PlayStation 2 titles on the PlayStation network. Our ability to expand audiences for our titles years after their original launches underscores the enduring appeal of quality entertainment and the durability of our brands. 
 We continue to benefit greatly from our industry's ongoing transition to digital distribution. During the third quarter digitally delivered revenue exceeded our expectations and accounted for $213.6 million or 44% of our total net revenue. Most importantly, recurrent consumer spending grew 45% year-over-year to its highest level ever and accounted for 24% of our total net revenue. 
 In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of offerings. These included add-on content led by Civilization: Beyond Earth - Rising Tide, along with downloadable offerings for WWE 2K16, the Borderlands series and Evolve, WWE SuperCard, which has been downloaded more than 9 million times, and NBA 2K Online, which in late December achieved record peak concurrent users of nearly 1.4 million and remains the #1 PC online sports title in China. 
 Rising engagement and recurrent consumer spending is a key strategic priority of our organization and one of our company's most significant growth opportunities. As a result of our outperformance in the third quarter and solid forecast for the balance of the year, we're once again able to raise our financial outlook. Fiscal 2016 is poised to be another year of strong profits for Take-Two, underscoring the successful transformation of our company into a consistently performing, higher-margin enterprise. 
 Looking ahead, Take-Two has an extensive development pipeline and is better positioned than ever to deliver revenue growth, margin expansion and returns for our shareholders over the long term. The foundation for our continued success remains our world-class creative teams and their tireless commitment to delivering the highest quality entertainment experiences, coupled with our strict focus on operational excellence. In addition, our strong balance sheet provides our company with the flexibility to explore opportunities, to increase our scale and diversify our business. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by discussing our recent releases and pipeline for the remainder of fiscal 2016. 
 In December, 2K expanded its initiatives in Asia with the commercial launch of Civilization Online, our free-to-play, massively multiplayer online game, which was developed in partnership with renowned South Korean studio XLGames. In addition to Korea, we have plans to bring Civilization Online to Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and China through our publishing partnerships with GameFirst and Qihoo 360. 
 This Friday 2K will launch XCOM 2 for PC, the sequel to the 2012 game of the year award-winning strategy title XCOM Enemy Unknown. Developed by Firaxis Games, XCOM 2 features deep replayability and high level of modding support. Early review scores for XCOM 2 have been outstanding, with Game Informer magazine, GameSpot and IGN each scoring the title in the 90s. According to IGN, "XCOM 2 is an amazing game," while Game Informer magazine called it "one of the deepest and most rewarding strategy games on the market." 
 I'd like to congratulate the teams of 2K and Firaxis Games for once again delivering a stellar title and expanding this beloved series for our company. 
 The growing popularity of e-sports is an exciting trend for our industry. And earlier this week 2K announced a new e-sports program featuring NBA 2K16. Beginning on February 15, players on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One can form their own teams and compete in a series of in-game events to qualify for a tournament to earn a $250,000 grand prize and a trip to the NBA finals. The qualifying events will be featured on 2K TV, followed by playoff and championship broadcasts on Twitch for audiences to enjoy. 
 We're thrilled to bring our flagship sports brand to the emerging world of e-sports by offering this unique opportunity to our series' most dedicated fans. 
 I'll now turn to the new releases that we've announced to date for fiscal 2017. Anticipation continues to build for 2K's May 3 launch of Battleborn, the new first-person hero shooter from Gearbox Software, the creators of Borderlands. This groundbreaking game features 25 unique characters, each with distinct weapons and skills, who fight for the dominance of their respective factions as all life in the universe teeters on the brink of extinction. 
 Battleborn will include a story mode with a heroic narrative campaign, which can be enjoyed cooperatively or as a single-player experience, as well as 3 different competitive 5-on-5 multiplayer modes full of intense, team-based action. Prior to its launch, Battleborn will have an Open Beta across all platforms to which PlayStation 4 owners will receive early access. In addition, the title will be prominently displayed at PAX East in Boston from April 22 to the 24, where attendees can experience the game hands on. Those consumers who can't make it to PAX will still be able to enjoy all the action at 2K's booth via live streams from some of our industry's most popular broadcasters. 
 In addition, substantial buzz is building for Mafia III, the next installment in our successful organized crime series, which is currently in development at 2K's Hangar 13 studio and planned for launch during calendar 2016. Situated in a reimagined New Orleans setting circa 1968, Mafia III features a new playable protagonist, Lincoln Clay, who is an African-American Vietnam vet determined to take revenge on the Italian mob for betraying and murdering his cronies. 
 Mafia III promises to take the series in a bold new direction by combining the best of cinematic storytelling with a dynamic open world that responds to player choice. 2K and Hangar 13 will reveal more details about this exciting new title in the coming months. 
 Our robust long-term development pipeline also features numerous unannounced projects, including offerings from our renowned franchises and new intellectual properties that will complement our diverse portfolio. In keeping with our strategy to promote consumer engagement with our brands, we will continue to support virtually all of our recent up -- recent and upcoming titles with innovative offerings designed to drive recurrent consumer spending. We remain highly focused on our creative vision to captivate consumers by delivering the most immersive and engaging entertainment experiences wherever and however they choose to play. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl. And good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll review our results for fiscal third quarter and then discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016. All the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated.  Our press release provides the reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. And on our website we have provided additional details regarding the non-GAAP components of our cost of goods sold and operating expenses. 
 Starting with our results for the fiscal third quarter, net revenue was $486.8 million as compared to $954 million in last year's third quarter, which has benefited from a more extensive release slate. This result exceeded our outlook range of $400 million to $450 million [ph] due primarily to stronger-than-expected revenues from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. In addition, NBA 2K16 exceeded our expectations. 
 Digitally delivered revenue was $213.6 million and accounted for 44% of our total net revenue. 54% of digitally delivered revenue was derived from recurrent consumer spending, which increased 45% year-over-year. The largest contributors to digitally delivered revenue were Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K and WWE 2K. 
 Catalog sales accounted for $235.3 million of net revenue led by Grand Theft Auto and Borderlands. Gross margin decreased slightly to 44.8%. Operating expenses were $129.8 million, down by $37 million due primarily to higher marketing expenses in last year's third quarter from the launch of Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Interest and Other expense was $2.1 million. 
 We recorded a tax benefit of $13.4 million, which included $32 million in tax benefits related to video game development cost. These benefits were $12 million higher than we had forecasted. And non-GAAP net income was $99.7 million or $0.89 per share as compared to $211.6 million or $1.87 per share in the prior year third quarter. This result exceeded our outlook range of $0.03 to $0.50 per share due to our strong business performance coupled with the higher-than-forecasted tax benefit and lower-than-expected research and development expense. 
 On a GAAP basis we reported net revenue of $414.2 million and a net loss of $42.4 million or $0.51 per share. GAAP net loss is negatively impacted by $71.2 million of business reorganization charges due to the reorganizing of 1 development studio and the closing of 2 development studios, which are partially offset by $25 million in tax benefits. 
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet, December 31, 2015, as compared to September 30, 2015. Our cash and short-term investments balance increased to $1.21 billion. This equates to net cash of $10.56 per share, which includes the potential dilution from our convertible note. Our cash receivable balance increased to $263.7 million and inventory decreased to $20.2 million due to holiday sales. And software development costs and licenses increased to $381.9 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases. 
 Now I will review our financial outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the fourth quarter, we expect net revenue to range from $260 million to $310 million and net income to range from $0.15 to $0.25 per share. Revenue is expected to be driven primarily by Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K16 and XCOM 2. We expect gross margins from low to mid-50s. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to decrease by approximately 4%, due primarily to lower marketing expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 15% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. We project interest and other expense of approximately $2 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. And our effective tax rate is expected to be 17%, including $2 million in benefits related to video game development costs. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is $1.4 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share.  We expect to generate modest cash flow in the fourth quarter. 
 Turning to the full year. We're raising our financial outlook to reflect a better-than-expected third quarter result and strong forecast for the balance of the fiscal year. We now expect to deliver net revenue of $1.48 billion to $1.53 billion and net income of $1.65 to $1.75 per share. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 50% 2K and 50% Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 55% United States and 45% international. We expect gross margins in the upper 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to be flat. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 13% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. We project interest and other expense of approximately $8 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be 10%, including $34 million of benefits related to video game development costs in the second half of the year. 
 Interest on the convertible notes net of tax is $5.5 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share. 
 As a result of our consistent execution over the last 3 quarters, fiscal 2016 is poised to be another strong year for Take-Two. Our ability to balance our creative team's passions with a disciplined focus on profitability continues to enhance our results, to bolster our foundation for long-term success. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank our colleagues for delivering another strong quarter for our company. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia from Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: I have a couple of questions, first one just more housekeeping for Lainie, just trying to get to an apples-to-apples EPS number. I know based on e-mails a lot of people are trying to do that. If you can just maybe parse out the tax benefit at the EPS level and just maybe give us an apples-to-apples versus your $0.40 to $0.50? 
 And then secondly, obviously very strong -- you mentioned the strongest recurrent spending quarter for you in your history and you mentioned some numbers on GTA, or generally mentioned GTA. Is there any way to think about the year-on-year growth on GTA Online kind of like the way you talked about NBA? Those are my 2 questions. 
Lainie Goldstein: For the first question, Arvind, on the tax credit in the third quarter, we recorded $12 million higher than what we had forecast, and that's about $0.11 of the beat for the quarter. 
Strauss Zelnick: And Arvind, it's Strauss. On the second question, what we've said, and obviously it's great news, is that the holiday season brought us the highest revenues yet on Grand Theft Auto Online and we had the highest level of engagement in terms of number of active users. Beyond that we're not going into more detail on metrics, but it is good news. 
Arvind Bhatia: Got it. Let me just try slightly a different one. On digital downloads, are you guys able to share what you're seeing on average percentages for your key titles? Some companies have talked about 20% to 30% of the mix coming from downloads, digital downloads. Can you guys share some of that with us? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, for consoles, frontline is around 20% digital distribution. It can be higher depending on the title. This past quarter it looked to be about 20%. And for PC titles, it's 90%-plus digital [indiscernible]. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler from MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: First looking at e-sports, now that you're getting involved with e-sports with NBA, have you thought about how you can maybe transition this from being more of a marketing tool to a revenue generating tool? And can you also apply some of those e-sports activities maybe with GTA online and, I don't know, gangs versus gangs or what, but I'm sure you have people that are smart enough to figure that out. But is that something that is being considered with GTA? 
 And then secondly, for Lainie, just a little housekeeping question on the -- can you talk about maybe which of those studios you are shuttering with the business reorganization? Does this streamline anything? How does this impact the financials going forward? 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Eric, it's Karl. So I'll take the e-sports question. So in terms of the e-sports question, you've got it right. I mean, so far we see it really as a great marketing tool and it's an additional way to gain exposure for our games and to expand our audience. So that really has been and continues to be our primary focus at this point. But obviously there is an economy out there. There has been some information in the press talking about how big the economy is. 
 I think the jury is still out at this point. It remains to be seen whether or not it would be real direct generative revenues for our company. But rest assured we're certainly looking at it. And I think that our -- the announcement that 2K just made around our NBA tournament, while it's not an enormous -- what I expect to be an enormous contributor to our economics, it certainly is making us think more and more what the opportunity economically might be for the company. So stay tuned. 
Lainie Goldstein: And Eric, in terms of these studios, all we're saying is that it was a reorganization of a development studio and closing of 2 studios in China. And the costs that are in this quarter are the majority of the costs, but there could be about $8 million more to go forward. 
Strauss Zelnick: And obviously there are ongoing savings once we're through the one-time costs. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies. 
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald: Strauss, maybe on the digital downloads again in terms of the percentage of units that are downloaded digitally, does that plateau at a certain level? Do you see consoles eventually reaching that 90% that are on PC? And then maybe during the holiday season, do you see some shift to physical as people are gifting before it starts ratcheting back up? Maybe a little more color there would be great. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for the question. We are believers that digital distribution will continue to grow. That's been true ever since digital distribution began. It's been true for every other media business. We're pretty sure it will be true for us. Hard for us to project what the percentage will be or the time will be. It's worth emphasizing that physical distribution still is the lion's share of our console business and a very important distribution channel for us, and we expect that remain the case for some time. 
 As we transition to digital, we do enjoy higher margin percentages. We enjoy higher margin dollars. It's a good thing, and so we're certainly happy about it. But remember, we meet the consumer where the consumer is. We can't tell the consumer where to go. Our job is to be where the consumer is. And we're ecumenical about types of distribution, business models, channels and even territories. And I'm sorry, I think I lost your second question. 
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald: The second one was just around -- specifically around the Q4 and you have the holiday season, do you see a shift to physical as people are gifting and then it starts ratcheting back towards digital? 
Strauss Zelnick: I'm not sure we have seen that actually. I suppose it's possible intuitively, but we haven't seen it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter from Macquarie. 
Benjamin Ari Schachter: A few questions. One on the pipeline. In the past, I believe you said that you try to have at least 1 new AAA title annually. Is that something that we should still consider likely for Take-Two? 
 Second question, at a high level, Strauss, given your media background, how are the catalog and IP values evolving for the game industry versus what you've seen in the past for some other media? 
 And then finally, my favorite subject, VR, I know it's early, but have you seen anything over the past few months that makes you more or less bullish on VR's potential for games and Take-Two in the future? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, on average, we have indeed been able to launch 1 new successful IP since 2007. And today we have 11 titles that -- franchises that have each sold at least 5 million units with an individual release and 45 that have sold several million units for an individual release. So the strategy seems to be working. 
 The next new intellectual property that we're launching is Battleborn and we have very high hopes for it. That's obviously in the next fiscal year and this calendar year. So we remain on track. We'll see how it all pencils out, but it feels good. 
 In terms of catalog, I think this is a point that's near and dear to my heart, and we've talked about this actually, the notion that successful, reliable entertainment businesses are businesses in which the catalog or library can be accounted for year in, year out to deliver a certain amount of revenue. 
 And historically the change in the technology for interactive entertainment meant that most companies didn't expect catalog to amount to much. In this last quarter, for example, for us catalog is 48% of our non-GAAP net revenue. So clearly catalog really matters to us. And I think it does matter to us disproportionately because we seem to have the highest unit per SKU count sales for catalog in the industry. And I think that is driven by quality. 
 The -- for great, reliable media businesses, catalog or library can be well over 50% of revenue period in, period out, even with strong frontline releases. And I do think that's something that one can aspire to in our business with a couple of key caveats. First of all, obviously you have to continue to deliver quality. And secondly, we have to begin to see sort of a technological asymptote being reached on the hardware side. And very difficult for us to call the latter; very important for us to focus on the former.  
 In terms of virtual reality, let's put personal opinions to the side. It's our job to be at the front lines of everything that goes on in the industry. We've made no secret of the fact that we're doing some investigation and some R&D. We don't have much more to say about that because our labels talk about the release schedules. We try not to do that here. And of course there is no real commercialized hardware in the market yet. Will there be? Unquestionably. Will it be an interesting platform for interactive entertainment? Challenges notwithstanding, I think most people feel it will be. 
 And our personal opinions aren't really relevant. The key thing is that, to the extent VR platforms become interesting and an important part of the interactive entertainment business, we'll be there because we're always there for consumers. And I have zero doubt we'll be able to be there and be there in a competitive way. But it is early and perhaps irrelevant for me to state an opinion on how it's going to go. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Doshi from Mizuho. 
Neil Doshi: Strauss, can you talk a little bit about the engagement on GTA Online? Does it -- is it fairly constant or does it kind of ebb and flow with the release of content? And then secondly, any thoughts around DLC for GTA, given the success that you've been having with online? Does it necessarily even make sense to launch standalone DLC? 
Strauss Zelnick: Undoubtedly engagement ebbs and flows with the nature of the content. And when we do release new content for GTA Online we do see enhanced engagement and virtual currency sales will reflect that enhanced engagement. But I -- the approach of our company broadly remains: delight consumers first. And if you do that over and over again, if you delight them, if you engage them, and if you think about delivering a great experience, then the monetization, the revenues and the profitability won't be far behind. 
 But what we don't do at our company, and it's terribly important not to, is focus on monetization leading to data, leading to content. We don't do it that way. We really do it the other way around. And I think that that's the nature of any true entertainment company. You have to focus on the experience of engaging with and entertaining your consumers. And frankly, that's what's most exciting about GTA online. Yes, it's great to talk about the numbers and that's what we do in this call. But remember those numbers are driven by record levels of consumer engagement over 2 years after the initial launch of the title. 
 And that's a sea change for us. It's a sea change for the industry. It bodes well, very well for the future. And as far as content, I can talk about what we've done so far. We put out this free content I just described for GTA Online. It's driven great engagement, it's driven great results, and it continues to astonish us in a positive way. And anything else that comes for the game will be announced by the label in due time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey from The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Sort of curious on the recent leadership turnover from Rockstar North, if you can provide some color on Leslie's departure? And if you could speak maybe to the relative stability of other Rockstar leadership, mainly Sam and Dan, perhaps the broader Rockstar developer base that would be helpful. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. We're really proud of the team approach that we have here at our company, and we have a very broad and deep team. I can confirm that Leslie Benzies went on sabbatical in September of 2014. He decided not to return to Rockstar Games. 
 Since that time Rockstar North is and will continue to be under the leadership of Aaron Garbut and Rob Nelson. We're so proud of the deep and broad pool of creative talent. It's our job to move ahead day and night without ever missing a beat, and that's what we're doing. 
 In terms of our colleagues here at every level, we enjoy long-standing relationships with all the people who make this organization tick. We aim to be the best place in the business to work at. We are imperfect, of course, and I'm especially imperfect, but our track record speaks for itself. And we have extraordinary long-term relationships, and I'm highly confident that they will continue. 
Michael Hickey: One quick follow-up. Do you -- this may be hard to answer, but are you aware if Leslie plans to continue developing games? I guess the presumed risk would be him potentially drawing out other Rockstar devs from your North Studio. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, listen. I have all the respect in the world for Leslie and for everyone else here, current and former colleagues. And of course I wish him all the best. I can't comment on his plans. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Strauss, couple of questions. I think earlier this year you commented this was kind of a light release schedule for Take-Two this year. So congrats on earnings above $1.50. Could you comment at all about the pipeline over the next few years, how robust it is? Do you still -- are you still hoping to get 1 new Rockstar title out a year? Any thoughts there would be helpful. And then just what drove, you think, the NBA 2K growth year-over-year? 
Strauss Zelnick: So we are excited about the pipeline. We've made some announcements, of course, about upcoming titles. We talked a bit about XCOM 2, which is coming very soon and has gotten great reviews so far. We're really excited about that. That's coming from Firaxis. We have Battleborn coming in May, which will have powerful single player and multiplayer approach. This comes to the market from Gearbox, the people who brought us Borderlands, and they're immensely talented folks and we have high hopes. 
 We talked about Mafia III coming in calendar 2016. And of course we have basketball and wrestling in our catalog. We have NBA 2K Online in China. We've launched Civilization Online in Korea. We have GTA Online ongoing and performing super well. And we have our catalog. 
 So the good news is we have a backdrop at this company against which to populate additional titles. We have not announced our full release schedule. We have not talked about the year after next. What we have been willing to say, though, is we have an enterprise now which is solid, well financed, highly creative, stable and rational, and that enterprise is yielding great results year in and year out, results that generate high revenues, blazing trails in digital distribution and recurrent consumer spending, high profitability and strong cash conversion. And we have over $1.2 billion of cash because of the way we account for our convert. We have no debt in that context. 
 So you have to give that background. I know the market would love it if we would talk about titles coming up the next couple of years, but we make our announcements in an effort to market our titles most effectively, and that's proven to be a sound strategy. And one thing that I do like saying is, don't look at what I say, look at what I do; I'm likely do that again. 
 We've described our strategy over and over again. It's to be the most creative, the most efficient and the most innovative company in the business. It's to deliver a limited number of the highest quality releases from both of our labels year in, year out, to annualize our sports and our sports entertainment titles, but not to annualize our action and adventure and other titles. 
 That's a strategy we're pursuing, and it's yielded not only great hits from our franchises but great new hits every year since 2007. I can't guarantee it will keep happening, but certainly that's what we're aiming towards. And we're doing that while we build these new businesses, these businesses that are free to play, these businesses that take place in Asia, these businesses that are massive multiplayer businesses. 
 So that's as much as I can say about the pipeline. But as you can tell from my voice, we're super excited about it. And specifically with regard to any of the labels, they'll talk about their own plans. But what Rockstar has been able to achieve with GTA Online, which even on this -- if you did look at a standalone business you'd say, "My, that's an incredibly extraordinary, powerful and profitable release." Again, more than 2 years after the release, well, that's something to be very proud of indeed. 
Justin Post: Okay. Maybe one follow-up and -- from a 2K perspective. How much lead time do you need for the press and retail to formally announce a title before launch? Do you think about 4 months, 6 months or longer? 
Strauss Zelnick: Historically it's been somewhere between 4 and 9 months, depending on the label and the release. And by the way, I know I skipped over your basketball question. I didn't mean to. I guess at the risk of sounding overpromotional, which really isn't my style, but we sold in over 6 million units. This is the industry-leading title. And the team of Visual Concepts has done an amazing job. Their scores are up again this year. 
 And we tend to be people who -- the question we like to pose most frequently is what are we missing? What can we do better? And I promise you the team Visual Concepts in 2K will only try to make that title better and better. And if we succeed, it will continue to perform. 
 That's also reflected in recurrent consumer spending for the title. Our sale of virtual currency is up 72% year-over-year. So when -- and again, since we're not organized around those percentages. They're a reflection of what we're doing. I think it's a reflection specifically of just how much consumers love the title. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz from Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: Obviously this business has changed a lot over the last few years in the sense that when a studio works on a game, when the chips are not done, that there's a lot more content that can be made, that can be sold to consumers and you've had a lot of success there with GTA Online. When you think about resource allocation, how is your sort of philosophy towards that change over the last few years in terms of what you want people working on, how to size the teams? And in the past you talked about wanting to invest internally in your business. Are you at a point where it makes sense to invest even more heavily in sort of ongoing live service teams so that you can maintain your ability to keep a steady pipeline? Or do you feel like you're in good shape in that regard? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a really great question, and I think if you take a look at our headcount, our investment has been in the development side. When we showed up here in 2007 I think we had about 1,100 people who were involved with development and now it's about 2,000 people, maybe even a bit more. You should expect that to continue to grow. 
 What we try to keep as modest as possible is fixed overhead that is not responsible for either creating intellectual property or exploiting that intellectual property. And so some of our competitors made a good deal of noise around building service centers, data centers, call centers and the like. And we'd like nothing more than to have none of that infrastructure here, although we do have some. 
 You're right, we have had to build some expertise on the service side. I think we're proud of what we built. Pound for pound I'm quite certain we have a much leaner service team than any of our competitors and we want to keep it that way. But it means we have to be smarter, we have to innovate. But we're pretty well allergic to fixed costs and to non-revenue-generating overhead. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Haverty from GAMCO. 
Lawrence Haverty: First question on e-sports. If you look at it currently as marketing, could you give us perhaps dollars that are likely to go into this last year, this year and next year? 
 And then I'm curious, you've got this alliance that you announced with folks in South Korea and that is probably the most intense economy in the world for these kinds of activities. Could that partnership materialize into significant e-sports commerce in South Korea or is that not even on the planning horizon? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Larry. In terms of our financial commitment in the e-sports base it's not significant at all at the moment. Doesn't mean it won't be in the future. In fact, it's been a net contributor because we were an investor in Twitch early on and we had a great return on that investment. So we bet very early on this space, and it worked out super well for us. But no, it's not a meaningful commitment and there is -- the risk is de minimis, absolutely de minimis. 
 And that's how we like to do things unless and until we're convinced that an economic opportunity exists. Our view in the business is, since only we can exploit our intellectual property, we have the ability to be somewhat judicious as businesses are developing and then step in when there is an opportunity. 
 I think there could well be an opportunity for e-sports in Korea. It remains to be seen. It's a very active market. We consider ourselves reasonably expert. We have a terrific partner there, we know the market well and we have an on-the-ground presence, but it's a little early to say. 
Lawrence Haverty: And then for Lainie, because she's not getting enough activity, is there any plan to make the convertible debt disappear from the balance sheet? 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure, Larry. So for the convert, our 1.75% convertible notes mature in December. And to date it hasn't made economic sense to take them out before the maturity date. But we definitely are going to keep an eye on it as it gets closer to the maturity. And we have the option to settle it in either cash or stock. So when we get closer to the date we'll see what the best option is for us at that time. 
Lawrence Haverty: That's December this year, right? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, it's December of this year. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are thrilled with the results that we've just reported. We appreciate your engagement and support. Once again, to all of our colleagues, thank you for all the great work. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond. You may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 ended September 30, 2015. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We've no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, and Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2015, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that during the second quarter, we delivered better-than-expected revenue and earnings growth. Our results were led by the blockbuster launch with NBA 2K16, continued robust demand for Grand Theft Auto V and strong growth in recurrent consumer spending. The launch of NBA 2K16 was the most successful in the history of the series, with over 4 million units sold in during its first week, including strong digitally delivered sales at approximately doubled year-over-year. According to the NPD Group, adjusting for days and market, NBA 2K16 had the best launch month of any sports game during this new console cycle. The title also has been a hit with critics and is the highest rated sports game of 2015 on Xbox One according to Metacritic.
 Virtual currency for the NBA 2K brand continues to exceed our expectations and has been a significant contributor to revenue growth. During the second quarter, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew by nearly 120% year-over-year, benefiting both from online play and the MyNBA 2K companion app. With the holiday season approaching, demand for NBA 2K16 remain strong, and consumer engagement has been outstanding, with more than triple the number of games played online versus last year's release.
 I'd like to congratulate the teams at 2K and Visual Concepts for once again surpassing their high standards for excellence and delivering a stellar addition to our industry-leading basketball series. More than 2 years after their initial launch, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continue to exceed our expectations, particularly the installed base of new gen consoles expands.
 During the second quarter, Grand Theft Auto Online was once again the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending. Rockstar Games continues to support this fast online world with a rich array of new content. Most recently, the release of Ill-Gotten Gains Part 2, Freemode Events, Lowriders, and the Halloween Surprise. This ongoing release of new content has been a key driver of player's strong engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online and has significantly enhanced recurrent consumer spending. Grand Theft Auto Online now has over $8 million active users per week, which is more than it had at the same time last year. These results underscore the continued strength and vibrancy of this unique and groundbreaking entertainment experience.
 A variety of other titles from our diverse portfolio also contributed to our second quarter results, led by NBA 2K15 and offerings from the Borderlands and WWE 2K series. During the second quarter, digitally delivered revenue grew 57% to $141 million, driven by better-than-expected growth in both full-game downloads and recurrent consumer spending. Recurrent consumer spending grew 39% year-over-year and accounted for 20% of our net revenue in the second quarter. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. These included downloadable add-on content, particularly for the Borderlands series; Evolve and WWE 2K15; WWE SuperCard, which was updated with new content; and NBA 2K Online, which remains the number #1 PC online sports title in China and continues to generate profits every month.
 Digitally delivered revenue, especially recurrent consumer spending, remains a high-margin growth opportunity and a key strategic focus for our organization. We expected digitally delivered revenue to grow in fiscal 2016, driven both by higher full-game downloads and recurrent consumer spending. As a result of our outperformance in the second quarter, we're increasing our financial outlook for the full fiscal year. Our holiday season already is off to a great start, and we anticipate a strong back half for fiscal 2016. Today, Take-Two's long-term potential to generate revenue growth, margin expansion and return to our shareholders is greater than ever. Our company's strengths reflects our unparalleled creative assets, sound financial foundation and unwavering commitment to delivering the highest-quality interactive entertainment experiences. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by congratulating 2K and Visual Concepts for their record-breaking launch of NBA 2K16, which once again raised the bar for our annual basketball series. In addition to delivering an even more true-to-life NBA experience, the team has done an exceptional job keeping consumer highly engaged with the title after their initial purchase. I'll now discuss our recent releases and pipeline for the remainder of fiscal 2016. On October 8, 2K and Cat Daddy Games extended our portfolio of action-packed mobile entertainment experiences with the release of NHL SuperCard. This collectible card battle game challenges players to build teams of current and legendary NHL players, train them and test their skills in exhibition, season and rivals-based actions.
 On October 9, 2K and Firaxis Games launched Sid Meier’s Civilization Beyond Earth – Rising Tide, a massive expansion pack for the Sci-Fi title from our award-winning Civilization series, which have captivated fans for nearly a quarter of a century. Rising Tide has earned rare reviews from top critics, including a 9 out of 10 from both Game Informer and GameStop. The pack enriches beyond-earth experience by offering a robust array of expansion content with even more strategic ways to shape humanities future on an alien planet.
 On October 27, 2K released WWE 2K16, the latest installment in our popular sports entertainment series. The title enjoyed a successful launch, including significantly high reviews scores versus last year's release. For example, IGN scored WWE 2K16 an 8.8 out of 10, stating that the title is as close to a fusion of performance and competition as a wrestling game as ever gotten. WWE 2K16 strong reviews are among the best ever received by the series and reflect Yukes' and Visual Concepts' ongoing commitment to improve its quality with each annual release.
 In keeping with our focus on driving recurrent consumer spending, WWE 2K16 is being supported with a robust array of downloadable add-on content, and we're already seeing strong attach rate for its Season Pass. We've had an excellent start to the holiday season, and our marketing campaigns are in full swing. Whether its physical or online retailers, we will have a significant presence at all key points of purchase. We believe that interactive entertainment will be a must-have category during this holiday season, and we expect the installed base of new gen consoles to continue to grow. With our industry-leading portfolio of offerings, Take-Two is well positioned to capitalize on these positive trends.
 Looking ahead to our fourth quarter, on February 5, 2K will launch XCOM 2 for PC, the sequel to the 2012 Game of the Year, award-winning strategy title XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Developed by Firaxis Games, XCOM 2 will feature deep replayability and offer a high level of modding support. Last month, the title was featured at the second annual Firaxicon event in Baltimore, where the development team hosted a panel and unveiled more of the games aliens and enemies. Consumers who prepurchase or preorder XCOM 2 will receive the Resistance Warrior Pack that provides increased soldier customization options.
 An important component of our strategy is to promote consumer engagement with our brands, and we intend to support virtually all of our upcoming titles with innovative offerings designed to drive recurrent consumer spending. We also released new content for recent titles, including additional free updates for Grand Theft Auto Online.
 Turning to our online initiatives in Asia. We continue to make process on Civilization Online, our free-to-play, mass multiplayer online game developed in partnership with renowned South Korean-based studio XLGAMES. The titles are expected to enter open beta shortly, which will help to usher in its commercial launch during the current fiscal year.
 In addition to Korea, we plan to bring Civilization Online to Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and China through our publishing partnerships with Game First and Qihoo 360. Looking ahead to next fiscal year, significant buzz is already building for Mafia III, the next installment in our successful organized crime series. Last month, the title was featured on the cover of Game Informer magazine, which included an in-depth, 12-page story that highlighted the game's key characters, evocative, loyal [ph] and settings and bold new direction for the series. Mafia III currently is in development at 2K's Hangar 13 studio and is planned for release during fiscal 2017. 2K and Hangar 13 will reveal more details about the title in the coming months.
 In addition, we announced today that Battleborn, our groundbreaking new first-person shooter from 2K and Gearbox Software, the creators of Borderlands, is now planned for launch on May 3, 2016. We believe that extending development by a few months will allow the team enough time to fully realize the creative vision for Battleborn and enable them to deliver the best entertainment experience possible.
 2K recently revealed Battleborn's competitive 5-on-5 multiplayer modes, which will complement the game's cooperative story mode. Early next year, Battleborn will have an open beta across all platforms for which PlayStation 4 owners will receive early access. We very much appreciate consumers' anticipation for Battleborn, and we are confident that the game will be well worth the extra wait when it launches in May. In addition, our worldwide development teams are working on numerous unannounced projects, including new intellectual properties and offerings from our established franchises. A robust development pipeline extends years into the future and promises to captivate audiences and set new benchmarks for creative excellence.
 Quality remains our watchword and is the foundation of our relationship with our consumers. Every thing we do is based upon this commitment, which has been and continues to be our path to long-term success. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl. And good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the fiscal second quarter and then discuss our outlook for third quarter and fiscal year 2016. All the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP, and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides the reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. In addition, please note that starting this quarter we're providing on our website additional details regarding the non-GAAP components of our cost of goods sold and operating expenses.
 Starting with our results for the fiscal second quarter. Net revenue grew 169% to $364.9 million. This result exceeded our outlook range of $275 million to $325 million due primarily to stronger-than-expected revenues from NBA 2K16 and Grand Theft Auto V. Digitally delivered revenue grew 57% to $141 million and accounted for 39% of our total net revenue. 51% of digitally delivered revenue was derived from recurrent consumer spending, which increased 39% year-over-year. The largest contributors to digitally delivered revenue were Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K and Borderlands. Catalog sales accounted $455.8 million of net revenue, led by the Grand Theft Auto series and NBA 2K15.
 Gross margin decreased to 48% with this year's launch of NBA 2K, and its associated licensing cost were recorded in the second quarter versus in the third quarter last year. Operating expenses were $124.4 million, up by $14 million due to high marketing for NBA 2K16 and increased personnel expenses. Interest and other expense was $2.6 million. Tax expense was $16.4 million, and non-GAAP net income increased to $32.7 million or $0.30 per share, up from a net loss of $35.4 million or $0.44 a share in the prior year's second quarter. This result exceeded our outlook range of $0.05 to $0.15 per share.
 On a GAAP basis, we reported net revenue of $347 million and net income of $54.7 million or $0.55 per share.
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet at September 30, 2015, as compared to June 30, 2015. Our cash and short-term investments balance decreased to $1.06 billion. This equates to net cash of $9.34 per share, which includes a potential dilution from our convertible notes. During the second quarter, we used $26.6 million to repurchase approximately 954,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $27.84 per share.
 Our accounts receivable balance increased to $240.9 million, and inventory increased to $24 million due primarily to the launch of NBA 2K16 at the end of the quarter. And software development costs and licenses increased to $369.3 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases.
 Now I'll review our financial outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year 2016, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the third quarter, we expect net revenue to range from $400 million to $450 million and net income per share to range from $0.40 to $0.50. Revenue is expected to be driven primarily by Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K16 and WWE 2K16. We expect gross margins in the mid-40. Total operating expenses are expected to decrease by approximately 10% due primarily to lower marketing expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 15% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range.
 Our third quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million and weighted average shares of approximately 113 million. During the third quarter, we expect to record a tax benefit of approximately $20 million from incentives provided to promote video game development. Excluding this benefit, our effective tax rate is expected to be 29%. Interest on the convertible notes net of tax is $1.4 million, which will be added back to net income to calculate net income per share.
 Turning to the full year. We're raising our financial outlook to reflect a better-than-expected second quarter results, strong forecast for the balance of the year and the expected tax benefit, partially offset by the impact of moving the brand launches of Battleborn to May 3, 2016, and XCOM 2 to February 5, 2016. We now expect to deliver net revenue of $1.325 billion to $1.425 billion and net income of $1 to $1.15 per share. The majority of revenue is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K, WWE 2K, the Borderlands series and XCOM 2.
 We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 50% 2K and 50% Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 55% United States and 45% international. We expect gross margins in the upper 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 4% driven, primarily by increased personnel expense from a higher headcount at our development studios, higher research and development expense and increased depreciation expense.
 Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 15% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. We project interest and other expense of approximately $7 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. And effective tax rate is expected to be 29%, excluding the $20 million tax benefit that we expect to record in the third quarter. Interest on the convertible notes net of tax is $5.5 million, which will be added back to net income to calculate net income per share.
 We expect our operations to generate cash during second half of fiscal 2016. Our strong performance during the first half of the fiscal year illustrates our ability to deliver consistently the highest-quality entertainment experiences within a financially disciplined organization that fosters creativity and innovation. With our holiday season underway, the balance of this year promises to continue our positive momentum and further enhance our company's sound foundation for the future. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another strong quarter for our company. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Strauss, in the press release you had some comments about a big pipeline ahead or confidence in your pipeline. What can you tell us about the future when we look at Take-Two versus some of the others in the industry? We do have less visibility, and we understand that's kind of the nature of the company, but what can you tell us about the pipeline and why do you feel confident about it? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we have talked about some upcoming releases. We've talked about Battleborn. Of course, we talked about Mafia III. And we have titles that we bring -- been bringing in every year, NBA 2K and WWE 2K. And of course, we have recurrent consumer spending on our catalog. So the market has a lot more visibility and for our company than ever before. We've also said that we expect to be profitable on an ongoing basis, and we've been overdelivering compared to our expectations for some time, pretty regularly. So I hope that gives the market some confidence about our view of our business on a going-forward basis. Also since 2007, we've successfully launched one new hit property every year in addition to bringing back our beloved franchises over and over again. And while there's no guarantee we'll be able to do that, it certainly is our goal to continue to launch new titles and new hits and new franchises, in addition to bringing back sequels of existing franchises. Today, we have 11 titles that -- with 1 individual release have sold at least 5 million units. We've over 40 titles that have sold at least a couple of millions. So it's -- we think it's the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business. So I guess, I'll probably have to use a caveat. Past performance is no guarantee of future success. On the other hand, our strategy speaks for itself. And while we do allow our labels to make product announcements and our products announcements are tailored to marketing, not to analyst calls, we are very proud of our past success, and we think we're well positioned going forward. 
Justin Post: Great. And maybe, one follow-up. When you do get some of these blockbuster brands back, the world will have much more digital sales as far as downloads and recurring and other opportunities. Could the margins be higher going forward as these big titles come out? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, they ought to be for a couple of reasons. Recurrent consumer spending is by definition a higher margin business. The shift to digital distribution is a higher margin business. And -- so those 2 things matter. And obviously, catalog is a higher margin business. And as catalog becomes more reliable and a more important part of our business, that is higher margin. So -- Lainie talked about our margin expected in the upper 40s. That's a very significant change from what this company look like just a few short years ago. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: Yes, Timothy O'Shea here for Brian. I'm just wondering, at this point in GTA Online's life cycle, when you release these big content updates, like Ill Gotten Gains or the Freemode Events, what's the impact you see to player engagement and spending?  I'm just curious about what kind of uplift you see at this point in time. And then, Strauss, in the prepared remarks you mentioned the -- it's -- you had some optimistic comments just around the higher full-game downloads. I figured it's worthy asking what you're seeing in terms of the percent of games being downloaded? And maybe where you expect that to go over time? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The effect of new content is it increases engagement, and when we have more engagement, we have more recurrent consumer spending. I guess, that stands to reason. We don't release the actual statistics around that -- the actual data around that. But we do have 8 million or more active users weekly for Grand Theft Auto Online. So it's continuing to outperform our expectations, and we're very gratified by those results. To your question about the percent of purchases that come through digital distribution. For front line, it could be 20% of our revenue. It could be a bit more than that. For catalog, it's a much higher figure. For PC, it's a much higher figure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: I was wondering if you guys could talk about some of the emerging growth areas, such as e-sports and virtual reality, and how you see Take-Two potentially benefiting from those areas down the road? And then on WWE, the brand has been strengthening. You guys are having some early success. Wondering if you can maybe talk about how the title has done in terms of growth versus when you first acquired this brand a couple of years ago? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Arvind. In terms of potential areas like E-sports, Arvind, are obviously are very different. We were an early -- we made a early bet on  e-sports. We had a position in Twitch, which was  sold to Amazon. It was very small investment for us, but it was quite successful. We have made our games available for e-sports competitions, but that's been more a marketing experience than it has been revenue generating. We think it's a very exciting space. It remains to be seen what the nature of monetization can be for companies like ours. But it's certainly a good thing, and creating another form of engagement, just speaks to the robust nature of this entertainment experience. And it's just another reflection of how important interactive entertainment is today to consumers. I talked about virtual reality before. There will be virtual reality headsets hitting the market. There will be software hitting the market. It does remain to be same how consumers feel about that, what the nature of an interactive entertainment experience is in VR and how comfortable that experience is. We've said that we're involved in R&D in the space. We find it really fascinating. Our creative folks find it fascinating, but there is not much to said until we see how that market develops. If the market develops in a way that's consistent with the kind of intellectual property we have, we expect to be there, and we expect to do well in it, but I think it's too early to call. And finally, in terms of WWE, it continues to develop well. I'd just like to make the note that the Medicritic scores are significantly higher this year than last. That's gratifying, because we are focused on improving quality of the title. It seems to be doing very well, certainly exceeding our expectations. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler from MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: A follow-up on GTA Online, and correct me if I'm misstating you Strauss. I think at the start of the year you talked about in your expectation for GTA Online that you didn't -- the expectation was that revenue wasn't going to grow. Now that we're half way through the year, is -- has the game -- is the game sort of at a stable run rate from where you were several quarters or entering the year? Or has it accelerated or declined even? And then secondly, with NBA Online in China, I'm just curious now that the new NBA season is underway, what's being done differently maybe this season in China? And how that business has been growing? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think the answer is both businesses are stable and successful. We're really not talking about changes, except to say that Grand Theft Auto Online continues to perform well and continues to exceed expectations. And NBA 2K Online in China also continues to perform well and is generating revenue and profits, but we're not giving more detail than that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter of Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: Strauss, in thinking about calendar '16, I assume you're not going to talk about any unannounced releases. But aside from continued hardware growth, what are the most important industry dynamics for your business next year? And then, Karl, if you could say WWE, should we be modeling that to grow year-over-year for this year? And then finally, Lainie, the $20 million tax benefit, is that a new addition to guidance? Or was that already in the annual guidance given last quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's -- this is Strauss. In terms of the industry dynamics that really are vivid for us, I would say that there is -- when you deliver a title that excites consumers, they seems to like to stay engaged, and that engagement can be monetized in recurrent consumer spending if you do it right. So we're driven by the idea of delighting consumers, and then we focus on monetization, not the other way around. We think it's crucial for a high-quality entertainment company. That's our compact with our consumer. There is no question though that the market is now open minded with regard to ongoing engagement and ongoing spending even after an initial release. The second dynamic that's relevant is the shift to digital distribution, which does generate more margin dollars for us. And it does mean that there's an opportunity for a catalog to remain vivid even if it doesn't make sense to have disks on shelves. So those are both good things. And Lainie will talk about taxes. 
Lainie Goldstein: For -- the $20 million tax benefit is a new addition to our guidance for the third quarter and for the year. 
Karl Slatoff: And Ben, you also asked about WWE. It's Karl. The -- obviously, WW -- the game is -- I mean, we were thrilled the way WWE was launched this year. The game is better than last year. I think both the critics and consumers are touting [ph] that. It's really too early. We obviously haven't announced anything about how we're doing, but we're very excited about it. And WWE 2K15 grew 40% over WWE 2K14, and we think this is a better game. So we're obviously, hopeful and excited about this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Croom [ph] from Stifel. 
Unknown Analyst: So as relates to Battleborn, is there a way to quantify the impact to your fiscal '16 guidance, moving that game out of fiscal period? And then, secondly, any updated thoughts on how you intend to address the convert that comes due in about a year here? 
Lainie Goldstein: For our convert, we have a -- the $250 million convert matures in December 2016. So right now, it doesn't make economic sense to take it out, but we'll evaluate it when it matures and see what the company's position is with our cash and what our potential uses are for it. And we'll make a decision at that time on how we want to close out that convert. The other question on Battleborn, we don't give out specific title by title numbers in our guidance, but our guidance overall went up. We had the tax credit, as we just previously mentioned, but our second quarter did much better than we had expected. Also the forecasts of our other titles for the remainder of the year is very strong, and that more than offset the Battleborn move out of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Doshi with Mizuho. 
San Phan: This is San Phan in for Neil. A quick question with Civilization Online as you set to get your data. Were there any key lessons you've learned from the experience with NBA 2K Online thus far? And you also haven't mentioned any new games in Asia besides what's in the pipeline, but are you still actively investing in the region? Or maybe titles within the region? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Obviously, there's enormous learning that we have in our experience with NBA 2K Online in China. But not trying to capture it in a few short sentences on this call, we had no experience in massive multiplayer or no experience in China and no experience in free to play before we launched that title. Now we've a great deal of experience, and we developed it in partnership with a phenomenal company, Tencent. So I would hope that we would apply all of that learning to the launch of Civilization Online, and we are feeling pretty good about it as we head into an open beta. It remains to be seen, but it is looking pretty good. In terms of our commitment to Asia, it remains very strong. It's a growth area. And what's exciting about it is businesses which may be not that interesting in the U.S., for example, massive multiplayer games, a very tough, very competitive, very expensive business in the U.S., can be very interesting opportunities in Asia, which is why we're pursuing them over there. And then with success, we do have the opportunity to bring those around the rest of the world, potentially even including the U.S. So we think the strategy remains sensible. We've done exceedingly well throughout Asia since we opened our headquarters in Singapore a number of years ago. 
Neil Doshi: Okay. Great. And just one final question. Do you have an update on what looks interesting to you now in the M&A market, especially like the King  acquisition? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're in the same position, which is we have a significant amount of cash. We've got a very strong balance sheet. So in addition to returning capital to the shareholders, we just did that. We just bought back about 1 million shares of stock on what now in today's market looks like favorable terms. We have the ability to support organic growth, which has really been the story of around here. We've grown very significantly organically. And of course, we can support inorganic growth as well to the extent that we maintain our discipline and we focus on accretion to shareholder value. And we're very focused on accretion. So there's no update to the strategy. The strategy remains the same. We remain open-minded on the one hand and disciplined on the other. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: The -- curious on the 8 million weekly players for GTA Online, Strauss, how that split between prior and current gen? With, I guess, the backdrop that Rockstar has stopped updating the prior gen experience. So I guess, I'm sort of wondering in addition to that question if you anticipate an uplift to GTA V sales over the holiday as perhaps online players transitioned to current gen? And I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we're not giving any more detail except to say that the title of GTA V and GTA Online continues to do well and continues to exceed our expectations. 
Michael Hickey: Fair enough. The -- it's worth a short. The -- this may be problematic as a question as well. But curious looking at Rockstar North, in the same article that said 8 million weekly players that came out maybe a month or 2 ago said that there was a fair amount of resources, maybe the majority of Rockstar North was still working on the development -- the ongoing development of content for GTA Online. So curious if you can give us any sort of perspective of the amount of resources from Rockstar that you continue to devote to the ongoing development of that game? 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, we don't comment on allocation of any of our resources. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: And we're pleased that we had another great quarter. We attribute it to continued tight focus on our strategy of being the most creative, the most tentative and the most efficient company in our business. And our results are driven first and foremost by the creativity of thousands of developers, who we're lucky to have here in the shop, and by the many people who support those activities to make sure that we do a great job marketing and distributing their titles and also running our business day-to-day. So once again, thanks to our colleagues, thanks to our shareholders and thanks to those who joined the call today. We appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-08-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Hank Diamond. Sir, you may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 ended June 30, 2015. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors.
 I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that during the first quarter, we delivered strong revenue and earnings growth, driven by robust demand for our recent releases and catalog as well as better-than-forecasted recurrent consumer spending. Our solid earnings converted into significant cash flow, and at quarter end, we had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
 Nearly 2 years after its record-shattering launch, Grand Theft Auto V continues to outperform expectations. On April 14, Rockstar Games brought this groundbreaking title to PC with a number of enhancements, generating stellar reviews and strong digitally-delivered sales. In addition, we've benefited from ongoing demand for the console versions of Grand Theft Auto V, particularly as the installed bases of PlayStation 4 and Xbox One expand. To date, Grand Theft Auto V has sold-in more than 54 million units worldwide. And Rockstar Games is successfully driving engagement with the title and meaningful incremental profits through the release of new content for Grand Theft Auto Online, which I'll discuss shortly.
 NBA 2K15 continues to broaden its global audience and build on the franchise's trend of annual growth. Sell-in of the title has crossed the 7 million unit mark and surpassed NBA 2K14 during the same period after launch. And NBA 2K15 has generated substantial revenue growth over last year's release, driven in part by high-margin recurrent consumer spending. Our first quarter results were also enhanced by a diverse array of other recent releases and catalog titles. Standouts include the Borderlands series, particularly The Handsome Collection; WWE 2K15; and Evolve.
 We continue to capitalize on our industry's transition towards digital distribution. During the first quarter, our digitally delivered revenue increased 139% to $254 million and represented 69% of our total net revenue. This result was driven by growth in full game downloads and recurrent consumer spending, both of which exceeded our outlook. Recurrent consumer spending represented a significant component of our overall business mix, accounting for 25% of our total net revenue in the first quarter. 
 Grand Theft Auto Online was once again the single largest contributor as Rockstar Games has driven sustained engagement through the ongoing release of free content updates, most recently The Ill-Gotten Gains Updates Part 1 and Part 2, which were launched in June and July, respectively. Roughly 70% of Internet-connected Grand Theft Auto V users have played Grand Theft Auto Online, and the active user base continues to grow, with average monthly active users for calendar 2015 to date up more than 40% versus calendar 2014. 
 In addition, virtual currency for NBA 2K was an important part of our digitally delivered success. Revenues grew by 54% year-over-year, benefiting both from online console play and strong engagement with the MyNBA 2K15 companion app. Downloadable add-on content is also a key element of recurrent consumer spending. The leading contributors in the first quarter were offerings for the Borderlands series and Evolve.
 Finally, our results benefited from the enduring popularity of WWE SuperCard, which has been downloaded more than 7.5 million times, and sustained growth from NBA 2K Online in China, which now has 27 million registered users and continues to be the #1 PC online sports title in China. Expanding our revenue from recurrent consumer spending is a key strategic focus for our organization and an important high-margin growth opportunity. We now anticipate that revenue from recurrent consumer spending will grow in fiscal 2016 and represent an increased percentage of our total business mix versus last year.
 Fiscal 2016 is off to a solid start and promises to be another year of substantial non-GAAP earnings and positive cash flow for Take-Two. Our ability to project significant profits this year with a lighter release schedule reflects that our company is now structurally a higher-margin enterprise than at any time in our history. Today, Take-Two is a global interactive entertainment leader with the industry's top creative talent, a diverse portfolio of critically acclaimed and commercially-successful franchises and a solid financial foundation. We're better positioned than ever to deliver growth and margin expansion in future years and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll discuss our pipeline for the remainder of fiscal 2016 and beyond. On September 29, 2K will continue their illustrious basketball legacy with the launch of NBA 2K16. This year's release will define the ultimate intersection of sports and pop culture with 3 unique game covers featuring NBA All-Stars Stephen Curry, James Harden and Anthony Davis as well as an all-new MyCAREER mode written and directed by acclaimed filmmaker, Spike Lee. NBA 2K16 will also feature the most extensive soundtrack in NBA 2K history, including more than 50 tracks by notable artists, such as The Ramones, Nas, Jay-Z, M.I.A., Calvin Harris and Drake.
 On October 27, 2K will release WWE 2K16, which will further leverage the development expertise of Visual Concepts and promises to take this beloved sports entertainment franchise to exciting new heights. Stone Cold Steve Austin, a 2009 WWE Hall of Fame inductee and winner of 21 championships throughout his career, will be the cover superstar.
 In addition, 2K recently announced that action movie icon and WWE Hall of Fame inductee Arnold Schwarzenegger will make his series debut in WWE 2K16. Consumers who preorder the title at participating retailers will receive his 2 famous characters from the films The Terminator and Terminator 2: Judgment Day to compete in the squared circle against the game's roster of WWE superstars.
 In November, 2K will launch XCOM 2, the sequel to the 2012 Game of the Year award-winning strategy title XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Developed by Firaxis Games, XCOM 2 introduced procedurally generated maps for deep replayability and will offer higher level of modding support. XCOM 2 will include a diverse collection of new enemies, aliens and weapons and will provide greater story, strategy and tactically-driven combat. This month, the title will be on the cover of PC Gamer magazine, which features an all-new detailed look at the game and interviews with the development team.
 Also in development for Firaxis Games is Sid Meier's Civilization Beyond Earth - Rising Tide, a thrilling, in-depth extension pack from the hit franchise that has sold-in over 31 million units worldwide. Rising Tide extends Beyond Earth to new frontiers on the planet's surface and beneath the seas, adding even more choices and diplomatic options as players continue to build a new vision for the future of humanity. 2K plans to launch the title this fall.
 Fans of Firaxis Games can also look forward to the second annual Firaxicon, an event celebrating the studio's games and players, which will be held at the Baltimore Convention Center on October 3. Firaxicon will provide consumers with an opportunity to meet members of the development team, attend panel discussions and experience both Rising Tide and XCOM 2 prior to the releases.
 On February 9, the release of Battleborn promises to continue our proven track record of launching successful new intellectual properties. Currently in development by Borderlands creators, Gearbox Software, Battleborn is a first-person shooter with 25 unique characters that grow and level up as players progress through the game. Battleborn will include a cooperative story mode, featuring a variety of heroic adventures as well as 3 different competitive multiplayer modes full of intense online team-based action. 2K will hold an open beta for Battleborn prior to its release, and we'll have more to share about its details later this year.
 Also during fiscal 2016, consumers in Asia will experience Civilization Online, our free-to-play mass multiplayer online game developed in partnership with the renowned South Korean-based studio, XLGAMES. 2K recently completed its second closed beta test for the title, and consumer response was extremely positive. We believe this bodes well for the game's forthcoming commercial launch in Korea, which represents another important milestone in building our online business in Asia. We also plan to bring Civilization Online to Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau through a publishing partnership with Game First (sic) [ Gameflier ] and recently announced a deal to launch the title in China, the world's largest PC online game market through online publishing powerhouse, Qihoo 360. 
 In keeping with our focus on promoting ongoing engagement, we plan to support virtually all of our upcoming titles with innovative offerings designed to drive recurrent consumer spending. We'll also continue to release offerings for many of our current titles, including additional free content for Grand Theft Auto Online.
 Over the past several months, 2K has presented impressive exhibitions at a number of high-profile events that have enabled consumers, influencers and press to get hands-on time with their upcoming releases. From E3 in Los Angeles to Comic Con in San Diego and Gamescom in Germany, the reaction to our titles has been incredibly positive, and anticipation for the launches continues to grow. In the months ahead, we'll build on that momentum to reinforce our strong outlook for this year.
 Heading into and throughout this holiday season, we will deploy our worldwide marketing distribution expertise to drive sales and create must-have moments at retail. Our teams will execute well-coordinated global campaigns that leverage every relevant form of media, both traditional and social, to turn our product launches into tent-pole events. Whether on disc or through digital download, we will ensure that our products are available to consumers whenever and wherever they want them.
 Looking ahead, our robust development pipeline extends far beyond fiscal year 2016. Last week, 2K announced that Mafia III, the next installment in our successful organized crime franchise, is currently in development for Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC at Hangar 13, 2K's new development studio. Planned for release during fiscal year 2017, the story of Mafia III introduces a new playable protagonist, Lincoln Clay, an African-American Vietnam War veteran who's determined to take revenge on an Italian mob for betraying and murdering his Black Mafia family. Players will choose their path to revenge and build their own crime empire in a fictionalized New Orleans circa 1968. Mafia III combines the best of cinematic storytelling in a dynamic narrative structure that responds to player choice, situated in a city that changes based on their actions.
 In addition, we have numerous unannounced games in development that are planned for release in future years, including both groundbreaking new intellectual properties and offerings from our established franchises. With our industry-leading creative assets and focus on operational excellence, Take-Two is well positioned for the long-term success.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the fiscal first quarter and then discuss our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2016. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP, and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements.
 Starting with our results for the fiscal first quarter. Net revenue grew 142% to $366.4 million. This result exceeded our outlook range of $325 million to $350 million due to stronger-than-expected revenues from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online as well as upside from a number of other titles, especially Borderlands: The Handsome Collection, WWE SuperCard and NBA 2K15.
 Digitally delivered revenue grew 139% to $254 million, 36% of which was derived from our recurrent consumer spending, which increased 47% year-over-year. The largest contributors to digitally-delivered revenue were Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K and Borderlands. Catalog sales accounted for $67.5 million of net revenue, led by Grand Theft Auto and Borderlands. 
 Gross margin decreased to 46% as last year's first quarter product mix was more weighted towards higher-margin titles, and in this year's first quarter, we accelerated the amortization of certain capitalized development costs. Operating expenses were $119.7 million, up by $23.9 million due to higher marketing and research and development expense. Interest and other expense was $1.8 million. Tax expense was $12.6 million. 
 And non-GAAP net income increased to $34.2 million or $0.31 per share, up from a net loss of $11.2 million or $0.14 per share in the prior year's first quarter. This result is within our outlook range of $0.25 to $0.35 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported net revenue of $275.3 million and net loss of $67 million or $0.81 per share.
 Turning to some key items on our balance sheet at June 30, 2015, as compared to March 31, 2015. Our cash and short-term investment balance increased to approximately $1.2 billion. This equates to net cash of $10.41 per share, which includes the potential dilution from our convertible notes. Our cash receivable balance decreased to $129.9 million, primarily reflecting the collection of receivables. Inventory decreased to $12.5 million due primarily to continued sales of Grand Theft Auto V, and software development costs and licenses increased to $310.4 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases.
 Now I will review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2016, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the second quarter, we expect net revenue to range from $275 million to $325 million and net income per share to range from $0.05 to $0.15. Revenue in the second quarter is expected to be driven primarily by NBA 2K16, along with Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect second quarter gross margins in the upper 40s. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 17% due primarily to higher research and development and marketing expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 18% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our second quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million, an effective tax rate of 27% and weighted average shares of approximately 115 million. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is $1.4 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share.
 Turning to the full year. We are reiterating our financial outlook, including net revenue of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and net income per share of $0.75 to $1. The majority of revenue is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K, WWE 2K, Battleborn, the Borderlands series and XCOM 2. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% 2K and 40% Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 55% United States and 45% international. We expect gross margins in the upper 40s. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 4%, driven by increased personnel expense from higher headcount at our development studios, higher research and development expense and increased depreciation expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 17% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $7 million, an effective tax rate of 27% and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 115 million. 
 Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is $5.5 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share. We expect our operations to be approximately cash flow neutral during the remaining 3 quarters of fiscal 2016 and to use cash during the second quarter. 
 With fiscal 2016 off to a good start, we remain on pace to deliver another solid year, highlighted by significant non-GAAP earnings and positive cash flow. Through the execution of our proven strategy to deliver the highest-quality interactive entertainment experiences, coupled with a sound financial discipline, Take-Two's long-term outlook is the strongest in our company's history. 
 Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work and a solid start to the year. And to our shareholders, I'd like to express our appreciation for your continued support. 
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Just looking at your income statement. It looks like the internal royalties have been paid in arrears, as you see the profitability of the Rockstar Studio, I'm assuming. And I'm just curious, now that we're seeing we're beyond the GTA V release with PC, should internal royalties start coming down? I'm just trying to get a sense of how we should be modeling that line item. 
Lainie Goldstein: Eric, are you looking at the GAAP financials or the non-GAAP financials? 
Eric Handler: Well, you've only give GAAP for internal royalties. I don't know if you have a non-GAAP for internal royalties. 
Lainie Goldstein: We probably -- we don't show that. But the GAAP, the way the internal royalties is calculated is a little different than what we're doing with the non-GAAP, where the non-GAAP financials and the EPS associated with that is going to follow along with the overall profitability of the business. And the internal royalties would be calculated based on the overall profitability of the business and that profit share at that point in time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. 
Brian Fitzgerald: When considering GTA, NBA, Borderlands, WWE and Evolve, across these games, can you give us any more color on how they vary in terms of leverage to digital download versus digital recurrent consumer spend? I know you highlighted GTA, NBA and Borderlands, specifically, in this quarter, drove a lot of the recurrent spend. Are there any variances to call out in terms of which franchises are more leveraged to digital download versus recurrent digital spend? 
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. They're -- obviously, all of those titles have significant -- are significant contributors to our digital sales, both as digital download and in recurrent consumer spending. We don't have any details to provide you specifically across games -- game-to-game, but we can tell you, in general, it's growing across all of our franchises. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few questions. One, Lainie, you said that you accelerated some capitalized expense in the quarter. Can you talk about how much and why? And then Strauss, a couple of things. M&A environment, anything notably different or goal-changing now versus, say, the last couple of years? And then anything you can add on the cash and what we can expect going forward for uses of cash and potentially, returns for shareholders? 
Lainie Goldstein: So the accelerated amortization of the capitalized development expenses that we've talked about, the amount is about half of what the margin effect was in the quarter. So we're not talking about what specific titles that is for, but that's announced. And what's driving that is, on each quarter, we look at the estimates of lifetime titles of our sales, and it will adjust the capitalized development costs, the amortization for it based on what those estimates are, whether it's up or down. 
Strauss Zelnick: And Ben, regarding the M&A environment, I think we see that as unchanged. As you know, market prices are robust for certain companies in our space. And I think that reflects the fact that this is a growth area in the entertainment business, and certain companies are doing very well indeed. We tend to be very disciplined. We're looking for accretive opportunities, and we're very focused on value. But we don't really see any changes there. From our point of view in terms of cash, we increased our cash balance this quarter because operations generated free cash flow. That's certainly good news. We're reporting roughly $1.2 billion in cash. When we account for our converts, those will be satisfied with equity. So on that basis, respectively, it's all net cash as well. So our view on that is the cash in our business can be a strategic asset. It allows one to be opportunistic and it supports the company that operates within a business that does offer some risk. So we do see it as a strategic asset that will allow us to avail ourselves of both internal and external growth opportunities as they come about. In terms of use of cash, we said there'll be 3 potential uses: first, to support organic growth. This company story is an organic growth story -- largely; second, to avail ourselves of inorganic opportunities, I just addressed that; and third, to return capital judiciously to shareholders; and we do have an open authorization for a buyback from our board. So I think it'll fall within those 3 buckets; this is obviously a high-class problem to have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: So you've had a lot of success with recurrent consumer spending in your major titles. Are you kind of now going into development of every game with a focus on finding ways to drive recurrent consumer spending? I guess somebody already asked about specific titles that may be higher in recurrent consumer spending. But what about genres? Are there certain genres that are better suited for recurrent spend? Or do you think the opportunity is similar across all genres? 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, it's Karl. I think, first and foremost, our -- the intention of all labels in our studios is to create products that people really want to enjoy and that will delight consumers. So that's first and foremost. Whenever we're thinking about the development pipeline, it's how can we create franchises. The best way to create a franchise is to create great product. That being said, I would say, pretty much across the board, every one of our releases on a go-forward basis should have some kind of recurrent consumer spending opportunity. There may be some titles where it doesn't make sense. But again, that's a creative decision as much as it is a business decision. But there is no -- I don't think there are any specific genres where it doesn't play well. If you look at some of the titles today that we're -- from which we're generating recurrent consumer spending, they couldn't be more diverse. So I think it's fair to say that, that's a focus for us across all of our titles, and I don't think that there's any set rules in terms of genres, et cetera. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: Karl, maybe you can talk about the decision to put Battleborn in the February release window. Why not tuck it in, in front of the holiday? And then separately, any update you guys can provide in terms of DLC for Grand Theft Auto V? 
Karl Slatoff: Drew, in terms of Battleborn, again, our -- whenever we pick a release window for any of our titles, it's really 2 specific things. It's when the title is ready, when is the best time for us to optimize it from a creative perspective and then when do we think the right window is for that title given what's in the market and also given the natural consumer patterns of -- purchasing patterns over the years. I would say that it's really more the former. The most important decision that we make is, is the title ready, is it the best creative -- are we putting our best creative foot forward when we're releasing a title. That's always primary. And then we'll look at it and we'll say, is there an open window -- given that, is there an open window that we can utilize? And I think, pretty much across the board, there aren't many months in a year where we feel uncomfortable releasing a title. Most of our titles stand amongst themselves. We don't necessarily need a holiday to drive our spending because these are very high-quality AAA titles that are tent-pole releases in and of themselves. And then in terms of DLC for GTA V, we really don't have anything to say about that today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: Real policeable [ph] question. You mentioned that GTA Online, I think, is the largest sports PC online title in China. I just wondered if that's based on users or monetization or both 
Strauss Zelnick: That's NBA 2K online in China, and it's based on 27 million users. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Doshi with Mizuho. 
Neil Doshi: With digital now becoming a significant portion of your business, any reason not to think why gross margins can't, over time, get into the 50% or 60% or 70% range? And then any thoughts on digital downloads? I think last quarter you were at 20% for full game downloads. How should we think about that kind of as we progress into the second quarter and the second half of the fiscal year, as you have more console games to be released? 
Lainie Goldstein: Your first question on the digital business, we do expect the margins to continue to grow as we continue to get our digital business getting bigger and bigger. But what percentage that's going to be, it's a little early to say, but we expect it to keep -- to continue to grow over the long term. 
Strauss Zelnick: And then in terms of the percentage of our business reflected by digital downloads as opposed to physical sales, we do see that growing over time. The first quarter was disproportionately high because of the release of Grand Theft Auto V for PC, which tends to be a heavily downloaded format. But we also see the percentage growing for consoles over time, and I don't think we're quoting a specific figure. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Curious on Mafia III. It looks like it's had a pretty strong reveal at Gamescom last week, and I'm certainly not, but others are sort of making comparisons to sort of a Rockstar open world experience. And obviously, Mafia is a franchise. But curious if the development of Mafia III has been able to leverage the technical expertise from your Rockstar team. Maybe less specifically, if you can't answer that question, if you've been able to drive a sharing environment across your development studios? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're blessed that we have 2 distinct labels at this company, and multiple studios with a lot of talent. We do not have a tech sharing environment; very congenial company, but we don't think that's the best way to get the best out of our development folks. It's not the way it works around here. Mafia III is a completely different experience. I wouldn't compare it to anything else out there. The reveal was great, but it stands alone. And no, we don't use any other game in the same sense as Grand Theft Auto. It is the industry's standard-bearer. It's not up for comparison. So no, I think it's flattering to even think that might be the case, but it's not. 
Michael Hickey: All right. Fair enough. The last question for me, just curious, it looks like for the quarter, obviously, digital spend is better, reoccurring spend is better at least versus your expectations. Now it seems you're more optimistic on recurrent digital spend in '16, now looking for growth and a large percentage of that bucket to your total sales. So why wouldn't that drive upside to your original '15 -- or excuse me, fiscal '16 profitability range? I guess, basically, just curious of the offset. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's early in the year. We're really -- we're very happy with the way the first quarter penciled out. We have a lot of other cards to turn over. We've got, obviously, the big release in the second quarter with NBA 2K16. We're really excited about that, but it is early days yet on the thanks [ph]. It's a really good start, and we continue to believe we have a lot of work to do. And we also have a great deal of opportunity. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: We'd like to thank everyone who attended the call today for their attention, for the great questions, and we do appreciate your continued support. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-05-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Henry A. Diamond - SVP-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Karl Slatoff - President Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC Doug L. Creutz - Cowen & Co. LLC Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you. Mr. Diamond, you may begin.
Henry A. Diamond - SVP-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 ended March 31, 2015. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors, and the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2014. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'm extremely pleased to report that Take-Two delivered better than expected non-GAAP earnings in the fourth quarter, marking an outstanding close to one of our best years ever. These extraordinary results were driven by the unparalleled creative excellence of our worldwide teams who seamlessly launched one of the strongest holiday line-ups in Take-Two's history, added an important new franchise with the successful release of Evolve and achieved record digitally delivered revenue, including our highest ever recurrent consumer spending. As a result of the significant cash flow generated by our business, at fiscal yearend, we had approximately $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments. Grand Theft Auto V has continued to enjoy positive momentum which began with the title's record-breaking launch on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in September 2013. Rockstar Games built on this unprecedented success with the release of the title on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in November 2014, delivering a game that captivated consumers and critics alike with major updates and new features such as the series debut of a first person mode. And just last month, the title had another stellar launch on the PC which Karl will discuss. Grand Theft Auto V is one of the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful video games ever, with sell-in to-date of nearly 52 million units. Moreover, Rockstar Games continues to drive ongoing consumer engagement and generated meaningful high margin revenues through the vast open world of Grand Theft Auto Online. In addition to Grand Theft Auto V, each of our four other holiday releases outperformed the initial expectations. NBA 2K 2015 was the highest rated sports title of 2014 across console and PC based on average Metacritic score. The title has sold in nearly 7 million units to-date and overall revenue is up substantially versus the same period for NBA 2K14, driven by both higher sales and growth in returned consumer spending. WWE 2K15 had sold in approximately 3 million units to-date, up more than 40% versus the same period for WWE 2K14. Going forward, we believe there's a long-term opportunity to grow the franchise substantially by further leveraging Visual Concepts development expertise. Rounding out our holiday lineup with Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and Civilization: Beyond Earth. Both of these titles were substantial and profitable contributors to our results and their success demonstrate the enduring popularity of these key 2K franchises. In February, 2K and Turtle Rock Studios released our highly anticipated new intellectual property Evolve. The title launched to positive reviews from influential critics such as IGN and Game Informer and has performed above our expectations with sell in to-date of approximately 2.5 million units, nearly 20% of which were digitally delivered. Consumers remain highly engaged with Evolve, playing more than 27 million game sessions since March. Moreover revenues have benefited from strong consumer demand for the title downloadable add-on content, including a Season Pass. We expect Evolve to be a key long-term franchise for 2K. In March, 2K and Gearbox Software launched Borderlands: The Handsome Collection, bringing the series to new gen consoles for the first time. The Handsome Collection launched to positive reviews and sales have exceeded our expectations, with more than 20% of units delivered through digital download. The Borderlands franchise has now sold in nearly 25 million units, including over 8 million units in fiscal 2015 alone. We continue to capitalize on our industry's ongoing transition to digital distribution. During fiscal 2015, non-GAAP digitally delivered revenue increased by 42% to a new record of $660 million or 37% of total non-GAAP net revenue. This growth was driven by full games downloads of our new releases in catalog along with the successful execution of our strategy to drive ongoing engagement with our titles. Recurrent consumer spending increased 45% year-over-year and accounted for nearly half of our non-GAAP digitally delivered revenue or 18% of our total non-GAAP net revenue in fiscal 2015. Grand Theft Auto Online generated its highest ever revenue in the fiscal fourth quarter and has both exceeded our expectations and is now (06:52) single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending in every periods since launch. Sales of the games virtual currency has been supported by Rockstar Games' ongoing release of numerous free content updates, including Heists, which we launched in March. Virtual currency for NBA 2K has also been a key driver of growth. During fiscal 2015, sales grew nearly 85% year-over-year, benefiting from both increased online game plays for NBA 2K15 and significant engagement with MyNBA 2K15 companion app. Downloadable add-on content is an important contributor to ongoing engagement for many of our titles. Over the past year, we released successful offerings for Borderlands 2 and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, Evolve and WWE 2K15. Recurrent consumer spending was also enhanced by NBA 2K Online, our free to play basketball game launched in partnership with Tencent in China. The title continues to generate growing revenues and high profit margins and currently is the number one PC online sports game in China, with over 25 million registered users. And we benefited from strong engagement with WWE SuperCard, which has been downloaded nearly 7 million times to-date and is Take-Two's most financially successful free-to-play mobile offering. Driving ongoing engagement with our titles is a key strategic focus for our organization. We're only in the early stages and recurrent consumer spending remains a significant high margin growth opportunity for our business over the long term. During fiscal 2015, we released 10 offering for tablets and smartphones across a variety of the offerings. These included catalog titles, such as BioShock, new releases such as NBA 2K15 and Sid Meier's Starships and companion apps such as MyNBA 2K15 and Evolve: Hunters Quest. As mobile devices particularly tablets become more powerful and increasingly ubiquitous, there will be even greater opportunities to leverage our portfolio and deliver triple-A entertainment experiences to an ever wider audience. In addition to our creative and operational excellence, Take-Two's results have benefited from the better than expected performance of the new console cycle. According to IDG estimates, the global installed base of new gen consoles currently exceeds 34 million units and is projected to reach 50 million units by the end of this year and 110 million units by 2019. This robust growth is a wind at our backs and represents a significant long-term opportunity for our business. As a result of our strong cash flow, we have ample capital to pursue a variety of investment opportunities. I'm pleased to report that our Board of Directors has increased our share repurchase authorization up to 10 million shares. This reflects our confidence in the company's financial outlook and commitment to return additional cash to shareholders through opportunistic share repurchases. Fiscal 2016 is off to an excellent start and our outlook reflects another year of substantial non-GAAP profits and positive cash flow. We expect to deliver these results with fewer new releases than in fiscal 2015, anchored by proven franchises. The launch of an exciting new intellectual property, Battleborn, and an array of innovative digitally delivered offerings designed to delight audiences and drive recurrent consumer spending. We'll also continue to invest aggressively in our long-term development pipeline, in order to broaden our portfolio and deliver growth and margin expansion in future years. Our strong earnings and positive outlook underscore that Take-Two is a very different organization today than in early years of the last console cycle. Our company has been transformed into a global interactive entertainment enterprise with the industry's top creative talent, a diverse portfolio of industry leading franchises and a solid financial foundation. We're better positioned than ever to deliver non-GAAP profits every year for the foreseeable future and returns for our shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff - President: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by congratulating our teams for delivering an incredibly strong year. Our entire organization contributed to the successful execution of our strategy. The results of which will continue to benefit our company over the long term. As Strauss said earlier, fiscal year 2016 is off to an excellent start. On April 14, Rockstar Games successfully brought its record-shattering hit, Grand Theft Auto V for the PC. The title has outperformed our expectations with more than 75% of units delivered through digital downloads, and it has the highest number of concurrent users for a non-Valve title in the history of games. At launch, PC gamers were able to access the vast open world of Grand Theft Auto Online, including all its previously released content and the widely lauded titles. We are experiencing strong consumer engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online across consoles and the PC, and Rockstar Games plan to continue to support the title with the ongoing release of three additional content. Also in April, 2K brought WWE video gaming to the PC and mobile platforms for the first time ever with the release of WWE 2K15 for PC and WWE 2K for iOS and Android. WWE 2K15 for PC enables gamers to experience all of the in-ring action of the new gen console game on their computers. WWE 2K for iOS and Android provides wrestling action on the go and offers players a variety of popular superstars, game modes and more in a premium mobile format. Late last quarter, 2K and Turtle Rock Studios released the first add-on content for Evolve including the fourth playable Monster, Behemoth, four new playable Hunters, a free Observer Mode, and more. Building on its success, we will continue to support Evolve with additional content throughout fiscal 2016 including a new Monster, additional Hunters and an exciting new game mode In addition, 2K, Turtle Rock Studios and Electronics Sports League last month announced the Evolve Proving Grounds tournament exclusively on Xbox One. This global contest allows players to compete in qualifying and regional events, culminating with a global finale in Los Angeles during the week of June 15 where the top teams will be vying for $100,000 prize pool. I now would like to discuss our pipeline for the remainder of fiscal 2016. Today, 2K announced Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth – Rising Tide, a thrilling, in-depth expansion pack from series creator Firaxis Games which is scheduled for release this fall. Rising Tide expands Beyond Earth to new frontiers on the planet surface and beneath the sea and adds even more choices and diplomatic options as players continue to build a new vision for the future of humanity. Also this fall, we plan to release new annual versions of NBA 2K and WWE 2K which promise to once again capture the passion of the dedicated fans and set new benchmarks for realism and authenticity. We also enhanced our track record of launching successful new IP with the release of Battleborn, currently developed for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and the PC by Borderlands creators, Gearbox Software. Battleborn is a first-person shooter with a deep roster of unique playbook heroes. Through the game's accelerated character growth system, every hero can be fully experienced in a single story mode mission or multi-player match. Next month, Battleborn will be at E3 in a big way and we will have more news to share about the title prior to the show. In addition, consumers have responded to the upcoming announcement of the new triple A title from 2K which is planned for release in fiscal 2016. Continuing with our focus on driving ongoing engagement with our titles, we plan to support virtually all of our recent and upcoming releases with value-added offerings, designed to drive recurring consumer spending. We'll also continue to execute our successful strategy of bringing online games to Asian markets. Gamers in the Asia will soon get to experience Civilization Online, our free to play mass multiplayer online game that is being developed in partnership with renowned South Korean-based studio XL GAMES Civilization Online is planned for commercial launch in Korea during fiscal 2016. And 2K recently announced a publishing deal with GameFirst (15:28) to bring the title to Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau. Online games in Asia represent an enormous market opportunity and we'll continue to invest to expand our initiatives in this area. Next month, 2K will have a significant presence of it at E3 where many of our upcoming releases will be on display. We welcome you to stop by our booth and see firsthand how we intend to continue to deliver the most innovative, creative and engaging titles in our industry. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Karl. Good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll review our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 and then discuss our outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2016. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. Starting with our fourth quarter results, net revenue grew 83% to $427.7 million. This result was in line with our outlook range of $410 million to $460 million, as the negative impact of moving the launch of Grand Theft Auto V for the PC was offset by stronger than expected revenues from Grand Theft Auto V, Grand Theft Auto Online, Borderlands: The Handsome Collection and Evolve. Digitally delivered revenue grew 66% to $202.5 million, 64% of which was derived from recurrent consumer spending, which increased 47% year-over-year. The largest contributors to digitally delivered revenue were Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K and Evolve. Catalog sales accounted for $78.3 million of net revenue, led by the Grand Theft Auto and Borderlands series. Gross margins increased slightly to 47.8%. Operating expenses were $125 million, up by $36.7 million due to higher marketing expense for our fourth quarter releases and higher research and development expense. Interest and other expense was $1.6 million, tax expense was $23.6 million and non-GAAP net income increased to $54.3 million or $0.49 per share, up from $21.5 million or $0.21 per share in the prior year's fourth quarter. This result exceeded our outlook range of $0.15 to $0.25 per share due primarily to higher than expected digitally delivered revenues and the timing of marketing expense. On a GAAP basis, we reported net revenue of $301 million and net loss of $242.8 million or $2.99 per share. Turning now to our full year results. Net revenue was $1.67 billion versus $2.4 billion in fiscal 2014, which had benefited from the launch of Grand Theft Auto V on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360. The largest contributors were Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K15, WWE 2K15 and Evolve. Digitally delivered revenue grew 42% to $660 million, 49% of which is derived from recurrent consumer spending which increased 45% year-over-year. The largest contributors to digital sales were Grand Theft Auto and NBK 2K, Borderlands and Sid Meier's Civilization. Gross margins increased 6.9 percentage points to 48.4% due primarily to a higher mix of digitally delivered revenues. Operating expenses were $498.2 million, up by $29.7 million due to increased personnel expense on the higher head count, higher research and development expense and increased depreciation expense which partially offset by lower selling and marketing expense. Interest and other expense was $9.9 million. Tax expense was $80.3 million and non-GAAP net income was $219.2 million or $1.98 per share as compared to $510.7 million or $4.26 per share in fiscal 2014. On a GAAP basis, the reported of $1.08 billion a net loss of $279.5 million or $3.48 per share. Turning to some key items from our balance sheet in March 31, 2015, as compared to December 31, 2014. Our cash and short-term investment balance increased to $1.1 billion. This equates to net cash of approximately $9.18 (19:53) per share, which included the potential dilution from our convertible notes. Our cash receivable balance decreased to $217.9 million, primarily reflecting collection of receivables. Inventory decreased slightly to $20.1 million and software development costs and licenses decreased modestly to $287.7 million. Now I'll review our financial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2016 which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the fiscal first quarter, we expect net revenue to range from $325 million to $350 million and net income to range from $0.25 to $0.35 per share. The majority of revenue is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K15 and Evolve. We expect gross margins in the upper 40%. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 27% due primarily to higher marketing expense and higher research and development expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 14% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our first quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense approximately $2 million, tax expense of $11 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax is $1.4 million, which would be added back to net income to calculate net income per share. Turning to the details of our full year outlook. We expect net revenue to range from $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and net income to range from $0.75 to $1 per share. The majority of revenue is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K16, Battleborn, WWE 2K16, Evolve and the soon to be announced new title from 2K. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 65% from 2K and 35% from Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 55% United States and 45% international. We expect gross margins in the mid to upper 40s%. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 3% driven primarily by increased personnel expense from the higher head count at our development studios, higher research and development expense and increased depreciation expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 17% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $8 million, tax expense of $35 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax is $5.6 million, which would be added back to net income to calculate net income per share. We expect our operations to generate cash in fiscal 2016 to be approximately cash flow neutral during the first quarter. Building on the momentum one of Take-Two's best years ever, fiscal 2016 is poised to be another strong period for our company. Our ability to continue to generate meaningful non-GAAP profits have resulted from our consistent delivery of the highest quality interactive entertainment (23:03) with our industry leading creative assets and ample capital, Take-Two is well positioned to deliver growth and margin expansion over the long term. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering another exceptional year and enhancing further our long-term potential. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. And now what we would like to do is take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Ben Schachter of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hey guys. Congratulations on a good year and a good guidance for the coming year. Few questions here. One, your Rockstar pipeline, how should we be thinking about that? Are you focused on trying to get one new release per year? Is it going to be more sporadic? Any color there would help. And then if we can drill down a bit into the recurrent revenue. I assume it's mostly coming from the console, but is it 90% console and then PC and mobile are relatively small or is it more evenly distributed between console, mobile and PC? And then finally, Lainie, can you just remind us how the revenue recognition works for the key drivers of recurrent on console, is it net or gross on mobiles, is it net or gross and how does the revenue recognition work from NBA in China? I know a lot, but thanks.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ben, it's Strauss. Thank you very much. And we really appreciate it. In terms of the question about Rockstar, they're hard at work on the pipeline. They make their announcements when they have something coming up. And the results of GTA V I hope speak for themselves. I just want to note, there is a difference in the Rockstar of today and the Rockstar a few years ago, because we have this ongoing entity, GTA Online. And that is a living, breathing, ongoing entity that's continuing to deliver revenue and profits for the organization. So that's going on as we speak and that's going on as their pipeline builds through ongoing development. We're probably not distinguishing between our expectations for console and PC. I think that was your second question. And Lainie will take you through our revenue recognition policies. I think you specifically called out NBA 2K Online in China?
Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So for NBA 2K Online in China and most of our mobile and digital revenue is all booked on a net basis and our physical products are on a gross basis.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): All right. Thanks. Good afternoon. Couple of questions. You indicated that NBA 2K was up substantially year-over-year. Would you attribute that growth to a larger next-gen console installed based, a growing player base for that game in particular it continues to have strong reviews, the growth of interest in the NBA or some other factors or kind of all the above? And then secondly you mentioned on Evolve 20% full game downloads there. Is that what you kind of anticipate you'll see for kind of all your future releases, or is there any reason why that was an anomaly at that high of a percentage? Thanks.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, it's Strauss, thanks. Look the NBA is – the answer to your question all of the above. We obviously are seeing robust growth in new gen consoles and the title continues to get better and better and the audience continues to grow. And we hope that will continue. And our virtual currency sales are also meaningfully up year-over-year. So it's initial engagement and ongoing engagement which is reflecting recurrent consumer spending. And in terms of what percentage of our revenue is reflected by digital distribution, we really aren't making projections like that but I think what you're seeing here is digitally delivered revenues continue to grow in importance for our company. In the past fiscal year, it's about 37% of our non-GAAP income and about half of that was recurrent consumer spending, business line that didn't even exist for us four years ago. So it's pretty much good news across the board. And digitally delivered revenue is indeed higher margin for us. So our gross margins are now knocking on the door of 50% the past fiscal year that's great news indeed.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Eric Handler of MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Few questions for you. First, continuing on the NBA questions. I'm just curious over the last couple of years have you seen larger growth or maybe is the percentage of total revenues for international for that title increasing as the NBA continues to grow globally? Also in terms of, this is a good question for Lainie, with guidance in terms of phasing – I don't how much you're willing to provide right now – but it looks like you're going to have a good first quarter. Second quarter looks a little sparse in terms of new releases and you'd look okay for third and fourth quarters. Is it reasonable to think that second quarter is probably your low point, maybe EPS losses for that quarter and the rest of the quarter seem that they should be profitable? And then last with taxes, are you guys a full tax payer now? How do we think about your tax rate overall?
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. This is Strauss. We are seeing nice growth in international markets for NBA. And that is something the team at 2K has really focused on and I think you'll continue to see focus on. Lainie?
Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer: So for guidance with pacing, we're only giving out for Q1 right now. So we're not talking about the rest of the quarters. And for taxes for the full year looking at tax rate of about 27%, which is similar to what we saw last year that can change and vary from quarter to quarter based on discrete items and reserve and also NOL usage. And we are a full tax payer but we do have some NOLs still in the U.S. to use and in foreign. The $70 million in the U.S. and then about $22 million in foreign NOLs.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Drew Crum of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So Strauss I think you mentioned that Grand Theft Auto Online has record quarterly results. What do you attribute that to and what can you do to keep that momentum going as you look ahead? And then as far as fiscal 2016 guidance is concerned what are you contemplating or assuming in terms of digital should it be up, should it be down for the year. Any comments really (30:12) there? Thanks.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. In terms of GTA Online, I think you're seeing reflection of the next-gen growth and you're also seeing the reflection of Heists content. So I think that's probably what's driving engagement and the focus is on driving consumer delight. The numbers come from that. And I'm sorry, can you clarify your second question?
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: What are you assuming as far as digital is concerned. That's been a growth piece for the company the last several quarters. Should it be up in fiscal 2016 or are you willing to comment on that?
Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer: We expect digitally delivered revenue to grow in fiscal 2016, both in dollars and in percentage of total revenue. The growth will be driven by increased full game download which will offset a modest decline in revenues from recurrent consumer spending. The digitally delivered content for both traditional and emerging platforms represents an important component of our strategy to drive growth and profits. And we expect to see digitally delivered revenue to grow significantly over time.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay, perfect. And one last question. Is there any shares repurchase that contemplated in the $0.75 to a $1 guidance you provided?
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, there's none.
Drew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Two questions. First, GTA has been a phenomenal success, 52 million units. Can you help us at all understand how many people are active online or playing online right now? Any thoughts on the conversion there? And the second, pretty big buyback here. I'm just kind of wondering, why you went ahead with that now, was it kind of gaining better visibility on this year or what kind of prompted that decision now? Thank you.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We were actually not giving out any metrics on GTA Online in terms of player engagement. Obviously, we have a lot of data but this line of business still remains relatively new for us. So we are not sharing it at this time. And in terms of the buyback authorization. And it is indeed only an authorization – that's a reflection of our cash position, which is better than obviously than our original guidance was.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. A couple more on GTA. I think you said, the digital download percentage was 75%, so I just want to clarify that. And then, with GTA V PC launch at the end of the quarter, I'm curious what type of demand you're seeing extending beyond June, if you will? And then in terms of the online engagement, I know you won't talk too much about that, but did the PC launch impact trends positively or negatively anyway there?
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's not in the quarter obviously, so we've launched GTA for PC in the first quarter of the new fiscal year. In terms of GTA digital, 75%...
Karl Slatoff - President: For the PC.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, for the PC. That was PC owned to clarify, did that answer your question?
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Yeah, yes. It does. Thanks.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: The question is from Arvind Bhatia of Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to understand your guidance a little bit better in the context that last year you provided what in hindsight was very conservative guidance, and I want to congratulate you because that's it's a high-class problem to have. You had several products that provided upside. As you look out to fiscal 2016, your guidance seems similar and last year was GTA V on next-gen, as you look at this year you have Battleborn and you have GTA V on PC that you just launched. Just help us frame the upside potential, if you will, for this year relative to last year? And then my second question is on GTA V on PC. The numbers on GTA V, I think you gave last quarter were 45 million, now 52 million is that all primarily the PC version or the console version also continues to sell? Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer: Arvind, in terms of our guidance from last year, when we gave out guidance that is where we thought that was our best estimate at the time when we gave those numbers out. We had a very robust release schedule and everything seemed to blow our expectations which was a fantastic result. And shows in our full year actual. And if you look at GTA V next-gen in our numbers, the install base grew a lot stronger than we thought it was last year and I think that also drove our numbers up as well as digitally delivered offerings and our recurrent consumer spending. When we set our year right now, this is our best estimates based on what we know right now. Of course, we're hopeful to see the same types of results but there is no way for us to know that information now which is why we're guiding to the numbers that we feel comfortable are our best estimates for right now and today. So for GTA V PC, in terms of that being the difference in the units, it's driven by the two consoles, next get, current gent as well as PC and that's why you're saying an uptick in the number on GTA V in general.
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Doug Creutz of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Doug L. Creutz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. When you had originally launched GTA V, I believe that you had said that there was going to be some story-based DLC content shipping eventually and obviously where your past (36:32) game launch. Is that still something that you have planned? And I'm sure you're not going to talk about timing but is there still something that's in the pipeline for you guys, eventually? Thank you.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't discussed any story-based downloadable content. We did talk about the Heists and they've been released.
Doug L. Creutz - Cowen & Co. LLC: But I am correct in remembering that you had talked about that around the launch of the game?
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We have different recollections.
Doug L. Creutz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Hickey of The Benchmark Company. Please go ahead.
Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. Thank you for taking my questions. Nice year too. I jumped on a little late drop, I apologize if you've answered this specifically, forgive me. But for your fiscal year guidance here looks pretty strong considering you don't have a Rockstar Game planned. It would seem that historically, we've been sort of condition for one triple A release from Rockstar every fiscal year and of course you have the PC port but that was sort of delayed from IV. So I'm curious how you think about the pacing. I guess your Rockstar Games and if something has changed from previous pace to your expectations? And I have a follow-up.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Mike, actually the question was posted before you joined the call. So I'll answer in the same way, which is, Rockstar is hard at work on the number of upcoming titles. And remember, our world has changed and that we have GTA Online in the marketplace and that's an ongoing activity of Rockstar and it generates a lot of consumer engagement and it also generates revenue and profits on an ongoing basis. So it was a little bit different than it used to be but make no mistake about it. Rockstar is hard at work on a lot of great stuff.
Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Yeah, no, fair enough. Sorry for asking something that's been asked. I know you haven't provided too much information on GTA Online, but if you would, I'm sort of curious on how you think about online sales to trend through the remainder of the year and I believe you did guide the recurring category lower to your fiscal year. And if we should – I know, you can't give too much visibility, Strauss, I hate asking questions you can't answer. But if we should anticipate the potential of another larger content release, maybe similar to Heists to keep player engagement for your Online business?
Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer: We have a little – because GTA Online is unlike anything else, we have little visibility on how long it will continue its trend of growth. Therefore for purposes of this year's outlook, we've assumed no growth in revenues from GTA for fiscal year 2016.
Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC: And are they still engaged in driving additional content for the online piece, Strauss, or is it...
Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Mike, we do expect to see additional content and updates for GTA Online.
Michael Hickey - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ben Schachter of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, thanks for the extra questions. Strauss, I just want to go back to something you said at the beginning of the call about – the company being so different than it was at the beginning at the last console cycle. Aside from the obvious success of GTA, can you just talk a bit about what has changed over these years, because you're clearly a much different and a much better company than it was a long time ago. So what do you think is really driving that outside of GTA?
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'd probably – I'd point any number of things. The first is just the diversification of our product line-up. So every year since 2007, the company as a whole has launched at least one new significant intellectual property. And today we have 10 titles that have each sold over 5 million units for individual release. And over 40 titles that have sold 1 million units. So that's pretty amazing and I think really industry leading and of course some of the largest titles in the industry. One of the other changes is the significant focus on Asia and international markets of course the growth in our basketball business and our sports business and the emergence in growth of recurrent consumer spending across a number of categories. So not just GTA Online which is obviously very, very meaningful but also NBA 2K, NBA 2K Online in China and the like. So the company has been transformed from a geographical point of view, from a product point of view, from a channel point of view, and from the way in which we address the consumer. And let's not leave out the transition of the industry and ourselves to use digitally delivered revenue which has had a knock on effect to the good for our gross margin which is now around 50% in this past fiscal year, which is a very high gross margin indeed. So pretty much across the board we've been transformed. Our balance sheet has also been transformed. And we've been building more in (41:44) cash right now. And we account for our converted (41:48) equity, so effectively that's a $1.1 billion in net cash.
Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, thanks. It's good to see the progress, and good luck this year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Arvind Bhatia of Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. I wondered if you could talk about your development plans for the PlayStation 3 and 360, how many SKUs you think you might have this year, and then just the plan going forward? And also the unannounced title from 2K, I think the adjective is soon, should we expect E3 potentially to be that timeframe? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff - President: Hey, Arvind, it's Karl. In terms of plans for the PS3 and 360, we're currently planning to do NBA and WWE again on those platforms as well. What's the second question?
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It was unannounced title for 2K, are we going to learn more in E3?
Karl Slatoff - President: Yeah, you'll learn more on when 2K announces it.
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thanks very much. So Strauss, as you think longer term about the continued transformation Take-Two is seeing, you've chosen to engage with the APAC market consumer through distribution partners, you have no choice to do so. But with the Chinese market, but every other market globally it's probably going to be fair game for you guys to establish a direct relationship with the consumer. So where do you stand on direct versus partnership driven at this point? Thanks.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Stephen. It's a great question. Look, the Asia Pacific market is a very significant area of focus for us. We've done meaningful amount of development there. We've launched titles there. We have a title NBA 2K Online which generates monthly revenue and profits for us. It's been a great piece of business for us. And as you correctly pointed out, we worked with strong partners for much of the region now. We are a publisher in Japan although we have distribution partners there as well. And I think in the past, what you saw was a real allergy to any kind of financial risks. So we entered the region focused on how we could mitigate business risks and financial risk. And I think now we feel a little bit more confident about financial risks because we have a good deal of experience with free to play games and massive multiplier games and a good deal of experience in the region. In fact, I just got back from the trip to the region a little over a week ago with some of my colleagues here, which is relatively a common occurrence for me. So we're feeling better about how we operate there and as you know we're a team that knows what we don't know, when we like to learn things and we're very disciplined as we enter new markets and new lines of business. So in terms of what that means going forward, it varies market by market. I think in the Chinese market, it's pretty likely that we and our competitors are going to have strong local partners, because the media business is an area of meaningful focus for the Chinese government and they really want us to work with strong local partners. I don't really see that changing but it doesn't interfere with our activities. In fact, to the contrary I think it promotes our activities. And Tencent and others have proven to be exceedingly strong partners for us. So I think we're lucky in that way. In some other parts of the region, we absolutely (45:22) ability and if it would make sense to go direct, so that is the possibility but we really don't mind sharing. We're focused on getting the very best possible result. And we're focused on delivering the highest quality of content to consumers and in certain instances, that means it behooves us to work with strong local developers and/or distributors.
Arvind Bhatia - CRT Capital Group LLC: Thanks, Strauss, and congrats.
Operator: Thank you. At this point, I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much for joining us today. We're obviously really proud of the results that we as a company generated in the last fiscal year. I just want to take a minute to thank our creative teams and our creative teams who generate these results, but they do so, by following their passions and we try to create an enterprise that makes it not only safe for them to do so but gives them all the resources they need to follow their passion. That's all we think about every day. And the goal of this enterprise is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient. And this past fiscal year I think reflects the fact that we got closer to that goal than ever before. And we're proud about. We aim do to even better going forward. So thanks for joining us. We really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-02-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Hank Diamond - SVP, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Strauss Zelnick - Chairman and CEO Karl Slatoff - President Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Eric Handler - MKM Partners Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Drew Crum - Stifel Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Ben Schachter - Macquarie Arvind Bhatia - Sterne, Agee Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Mike Hickey - The Benchmark Company Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Larry Haverty - GAMCO
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond. You may begin.
Hank Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 ended December 31, 2014. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, including the risk summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors and the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two built on its positive momentum in the third quarter delivering exceptional results that exceeded non-GAAP expectations for the 10th period in a row. As a result of our strong earnings at quarter’s end we had nearly $1 billion in cash and short-term investments. This outstanding performance was driven by one of the most diverse holiday lineups in the company’s history led by Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, NBA 2K15, WWE 2K15, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and Sid Meier’s Civilization: Beyond Earth. The stellar debut of Grand Theft Auto V on next-gen consoles illustrates why this series is our industries most iconic brand. The title is the highest rated game to-date on both PlayStation 4 and Xbox One with the near perfect 97 Metacritics score. And is widely considered to be one of the greatest interactive entertainment experiences ever created. Grand Theft Auto V already has sold in nearly 10 million units on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, bringing total sell in of the title to more than 45 million units across all consoles. And we continue to see strong demand for Grand Theft Auto V in the current quarter. NBA 2K15 enriched our franchises’ legacy as the number one basketball simulation that sets new benchmark for realism with each annual release. The title was the highest rated sport game of 2014 based on average Metacritic score across consoles and PC, and already has sold in approximately 5.5 million units to-date, continuing the franchises’ trend of year-over-year growth. With the NBA season approaching its midpoint, demand for NBA 2K15 remains high, reflecting the games position as the perennial favorite among sports fans. The WWE 2K franchise has quickly proven to be highly successful addition to our annual offerings. This year’s launch of WWE 2K15 outperformed our forecast with sell in to-date up more than 40% compared to last year’s release. We believe the substantial opportunity remains to grow our wrestling series meaningfully overtime. Finally, the launch of the Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and Sid Meier’s Civilization: Beyond Earth added successful new titles to two of our most popular series. We are gratified that consumer remained dedicated to these brands many years after their initial release and our teams are deeply committed to taking these beloved experiences to exciting new heights in the future. Our strategy is to create permanent franchises and it appears we are achieving that goal. During the third quarter digitally delivered revenue grew 64% year-over-year and accounted for 23% of our total non-GAAP net revenue. We benefited both from robust digitally delivered sales of our holiday releases and catalog, as well as continued growth in recurrent consumer spending, including virtual currency, add-on content and online games. The single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending was Grand Theft Auto Online, which continued to deliver stronger than expected results. Consumer engagement was enhanced by the games launched on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, as well as Rockstar games released of two updates, The Last Team Standing Update and the holiday theme Festive Surprise. Consumers on all platforms can look forward to the release of more Grand Theft Auto Online content including Heists. Recurrent consumer spending has been growing enhancements to the success of NBA 2K series, including NBA 2K15. During the third quarter it increased nearly 90% year-over-year, benefiting from both online play and significant engagement with the MyNBA 2K15 companion app. A variety of other offerings also contributed to recurrent consumer spending in the quarter, including downloadable add-on content, WWE Supercard, which has been downloaded nearly 6 million times since its release last August and NBA 2K Online in China, which now has nearly 24 million registered users. Creating opportunities for consumers to engage with our titles after their initial purchase is an important high margin growth opportunity and therefore a key strategic focus for our teams. We plan to support virtually all of our new releases with innovative offerings, designed to drive meaningful revenue and profits from recurrent consumer spending. From an industry perspective, we are pleased with the performance of the new hardware to-date, which has exceeded our expectations. Consumer demand for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One appears to have been strong throughout the holiday season with a combined installed base of these platforms exceeding 29 million worldwide at the end of December, according to IDG estimates. The ongoing success of next-gen consoles underscored the vibrancy of the core gaming market and represents a significant growth opportunity for Take-Two. I’d like to congratulate our teams around the world for delivering a great quarter and successfully launching five outstanding titles during one of the busiest periods for industry. As a result of our better than expected third quarter non-GAAP results, we once again have raised our outlook for fiscal 2015, which is poised to be one of our best years ever. Our fourth quarter should provide an exciting close to the fiscal year. Next week eagerly-anticipated launch of Evolve coupled with the March release of Grand Theft Auto V for PC and then a ray of other offerings should continue to set standards for creative excellence and delight audiences worldwide. With our world-class creative teams, robust development pipeline, leading edge technology and ample cash resources, Take-Two is superbly positioned to deliver growth, profits and returns for our shareholders over the long term. I’ll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to begin by congratulating our worldwide teams for delivering an outstanding third quarter, from development to marketing to distribution, every facet of our company worked in lockstep to achieve these results which have enhanced our outlook for the year and also strengthened Take-Two for the long term. On the heels of an enormously successful holiday season, we kicked up the fourth quarter with the release of downloadable content offerings for WWE 2K15, including the New Moves Pack and the Showcase: One More Match as well as The Lady Hammerlock Pack for Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. Each of these expansions will enable fans to deepen their engagement with these beloved franchises. Next Tuesday, February 10, we’ll mark the launch of Evolve, the only game in history to win Game of Show honors at both E3 and Gamescom in the same year. Last month, 2K launched an Open Beta and the feedback was enthusiastically positive and well received by the press. During the five day Beta test, YouTube content creators and Twitch streamers generated an enormous amount of content resulting in over 3.7 million unpaid YouTube viewers and 1.7 million unique viewers on Twitch. In keeping with our focus on driving recurrent consumer spending, Evolve will be supported with a robust array of additional content, including a value-packed season pass that features four new playable Hunters characters available this spring and three exclusive Monster Skins available at launch. In addition, 2K recently released the Evolve: Hunters Quest companion app which links directly into the main game for an expanded experience that can be enjoyed on the go. We are encouraged by the games reception among press and consumers and look forward to a strong global launch for Evolve. I’d like to thank Turtle Rock and 2K for their tireless dedication in bringing to market this important new intellectual property for our company. On March 24th, Rockstar Games will launch their record shattering hit, Grand Theft Auto V on PC. Purchasers of the title will also have access to the Grand Theft Auto online at launch which will support up to 30 players. We look forward to bringing this even further enhanced version of the Grand Theft Auto V experience to PC gamers next month. Also on March 24, 2K will release Borderlands: The Handsome Collection bringing the critically acclaimed series, which is sold in nearly 23 million units worldwide the next-gen consoles for the first time. The Handsome Collection includes Borderlands 2 and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel along with all of the downloadable content for both titles. This represents over $100 of current value on prior-gen consoles, but now with the graphical fidelity of next-gen consoles for $59.99. The title also features the ability for players to transfer or save data across console generations along with four-player split screen callout play, a franchise first. We think the collection will appeal to loyal Borderland fans who want to experience the series on our new system as well as to those joining its universe for the first time. In spring 2015, 2K will launch Sid Meier's Starships, a new turn-based adventure driven strategy game, set in the Civilization: Beyond Earth universe. Starships let the players command a fleet as they embark on a series of missions to explore the galaxy, protect planet and their civilizations and build a federation to usher in a new age of peace. The game will be available for PC, Mac and iPad and will be sold only through digital download. Civilization: Beyond Earth fans who purchase Starships will uncover cross connectivity with the two games that will enhance and expand the depth of both experiences. During the fourth quarter, 2K also will continue to support its titles with additional downloadable content, including the WWE 2K15, Showcase: Hall of Pain pack and an exciting new path for Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, which 2K will unveil in the coming weeks. In fiscal 2016, consumers can look forward to the launch of Battleborn, an all-new intellectual property developed for next-gen and PC by Borderlands creator’s Gearbox Software. The title is a blended genre game that combines first-person shooting, cooperative combat and an expansive collection of characters to deliver an all-new hero shooter experience. In addition, consumers can expect new annual releases from our NBA 2K and WWE 2K series, as well as exciting yet to be announced titles from other popular franchises. We’ve also continued to invest prudently in online gaming experiences for Asian markets. During fiscal 2016, we expect to launch Civilization online, a mass multiplayer online game being developed in partnership with XLGAMES. The title is planned for initial launch in Korea and we are exploring potential on other Asian territories as well. Looking further ahead, we have robust long-term pipeline of titles in development, including groundbreaking new intellectual properties and new releases from our proven franchises. For example, we can confirm that 2K and Gearbox Software will develop an all-new Borderlands game built specifically for next-gen consoles. In addition, we have numerous unannounced titles in development, as well as innovative offerings designed to maximize player engagements and drive recurring consumer spending. We’ll have more to announce about our future lineup in coming months. I will now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl and good afternoon everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the third quarter and then discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. Starting with our results for the third quarter, non-GAAP net revenue increased 24% to $954 million versus $767.7 million from last year’s third quarter. This result exceeded our outlook range of $745 million to $760 million, due primarily to the outstanding launch of Grand Theft Auto V for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, as well as continued strong engagement with Grand Theft Auto online and robust holiday sales of WWE’s 2K15. Digitally-delivered revenue grew 64% to $217.2 million, up from a $132.8 million last year. Revenue from recurrent consumer spending, including virtual currency downloadable add-on content and online games, grew 23% and accounted for 36% of digitally-delivered revenue. The largest contributors to digitally-delivered revenues were offerings for the Grand Theft Auto series, NBA 2K15, the Borderlands franchise and Sid Meier’s Civilization: Beyond Earth. Catalog sales accounted for $103.7 million of net revenue, led by the Grand Theft Auto series and offerings for Borderlands 2. Gross margin increased slightly to 45.7%. Operating expenses were $157.2 million, up by $40.2 million due to higher marketing expense on third quarter releases. And non-GAAP net income increased to $211.6 million, or $1.87 per share, up from $210.7 million or $1.70 per share in fiscal third quarter 2014. This result exceeded our outlook range of $1.35 to $1.45 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported net revenue of $531.1 million, a net income of $40.1 million or $0.42 per share. Turning to some key items on our balance sheet at December 31, 2014, as compared to September 30, 2014, our cash and short-term investments balance increased to $976.6 million. This equates to net cash of approximately $8.57 per share, which includes the potential dilution from our convertible notes. Our accounts receivable balance increased to $435.7 million, reflecting holiday sales. Inventory decreased to $24.6 million due primarily to shipments of our third quarter titles. And software development costs and licenses decreased to $294.8 million, reflecting the amortization of capitalized cost for our recent releases. Now, I will review our financial outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the full fiscal year as a result of our better-than-expected non-GAAP third quarter performance, strong current business trends and positive sales outlook for our upcoming releases, we are increasing our outlook for both revenue and net income per share We now expect net revenue to range from $1.65 billion to $1.7 billion, up from the prior range of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, and net income to range from $1.65 per share to $1.75 per share, up from the prior range of $1.05 to $1.30 per share. Turning to the details of our full year outlook, we expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 50% from 2K and 50% from Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We expect gross margins in the mid-to-upper 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 11%, driven primarily by personnel expense on a higher headcount, higher professional fees, and higher depreciation expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 14% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $10 million, tax expense of about $70 million, and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 80 million, 8 million participating shares and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is approximately $6.8 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share. Turning to the fiscal fourth 2014. We expect net revenue to range from $410 million to $460 million and net income to range from $0.15 to $0.25 per share. The majority of our revenues is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V, Grand Theft Auto Online, Evolve and NBA 2K15. We expect gross margins in the low to mid-40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 64% from the prior year's fourth quarter, due primarily to higher marketing expense for upcoming releases and higher research and development expense for titles that have not yet reached technological feasibility. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 15% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our fourth quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million, tax expense of $30 million, and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 115 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 81 million, 8 million participating shares and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is approximately $1.7 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share. We expect the operations to be approximately cash flow neutral during the fourth quarter and we continue to expect to generate cash from operations in fiscal 2016. As a result of the creative excellence of our development team, we do some extraordinary holiday lineup. Fiscal 2015 is poised to be one of the most successful years in the history of Take-Two. Looking ahead, our industry leading creative assets and strong balance sheet provide a solid foundation for our company to continue to deliver long-term growth profits and returns for our shareholders. Thank you. Now I will turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to again thank our colleagues for their contributions to our success. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. Please proceed.
Eric Handler: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. So at the beginning of the year, you guys sound a little bit cautious with what you’re going to do with your cash because you’re at start-up in your cycle and you thought at that time you were going to be using a modest amount of cash. Now that it looks like you are going to be nicely cash flow positive this year, you should be cash flow positive next year. Your unencumbered cash is on $1 billion, obviously a lot more than you really need. Can we talk about some updated thoughts about potential returns of capital to investors? And then secondly, how do we think about GTA Online going forward in terms of content updates on a long-term basis?
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your questions. In terms of use of cash, obviously it’s good to be in the position that we’re in, that’s a reflection of the team’s great work and the results that we’ve had. So now we have, as we said, nearly $1 billion on the balance sheet. We’ve said over and over again that the cash here is used for potentially three purposes, supporting organic growth and the company story has largely been an organic growth story and one of which we are very proud, supporting return of capital for shareholders. And we’ve done that in a big way as well, relatively recent times we purchased almost $280 million worth of stock back. And we have the opportunity also to support our growth with inorganic acquisitions. We have a very tight honorable, very disciplined folks who are focused on building our core business. And if we were to do any kind of acquisition, it would have to be strategically powerful and accretive. And that’s I think the appropriate lens through which to look at any potential inorganic opportunity and that remains unchanged. So this is a -- it’s a high class problem, one that we take seriously, but those options certainly remain -- sort of remain our landscape. In terms of GTA Online, the GTA Online continues to exceed our expectations and delight us, and that’s because it delights consumers and we are thrilled with what the team of Rockstar has done and continues to do. There is more content coming. The Heists are coming. I’ll let Rockstar talk more about that, it’s not for this call. But I do think it is for this call just to acknowledge the extraordinary work that the team has done and the results that it’s delivered. This is a living breathing entity that continues to delight consumers day after day, week after week, month after month.
Eric Handler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Michael Olson: Hey, good afternoon. How would you describe the trends for legacy gen software in the December quarter and so far in the March quarter? Specifically, is the decline in legacy gen easing to some degree as we push farther into the next gen cycle? So that's one question. And then the second one would be for Sid Meier's Starships, is that included or not included in the March quarter guidance? In other words, by a spring launch, do you mean after March? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: Hi, Mike, It’s Karl. In terms of legacy or old gen products, we are still seeing very robust demand for our current gen -- our legacy gen product. We have heard a lot of rumors, not rumors but of anecdotes that people having very difficulty selling through. We are not experiencing that. I think it speaks to the quality of our products. That being said, without a doubt, as we go forward and the next generation continues to grow, and we expect it to, and we are excited about it. It’s inevitable that sales of legacy gen are going to decline over time. How quickly that happens, remains to be seen. I can tell you right now, we still see a robust market for legacy gen products and we’ll continue to put them out as far as long as we make -- as it makes sense. Can you repeat your question on Starships again? I didn’t quite pick up the whole thing.
Michael Olson: Yeah, I mean, it’s basically by -- I think said spring launch in the press release, does that mean in the March quarter or after the March quarter? In other words, is it factored into the March quarter guidance or not?
Karl Slatoff: Yeah, we just said spring at this point.
Michael Olson: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel. Please proceed.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon, every one. Could you comment on your channel inventory given you sold in nearly 10 million units of Grand Theft Auto V for next gen as well as the NBA 2K15 update you provided nearly 5.5 million units sold in to-date? That’s my first question. And then a second question for Karl, you mentioned Borderlands with Gearbox, is that a fiscal '16 launch, or is that yet to be determined? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: It’s Karl. In terms of the channel inventory, right now I think you specifically asked about GTA and NBA. We were very pleased obviously with our selling and also sell-through. So we don’t see any of those channel inventory issues at all on any of our products. So that’s not a concern of ours. And I think our retailers are very happy with our sell-through in general and again speak to the quality of our titles and the strong season we had over the holidays. And in terms of the new Borderlands title, we have not announced the date for that.
Drew Crum: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Justin Post: Thank you. Congrats on a good holiday versus expectations. Can you talk about next year you obviously have a really tough holiday comp? Do you need a big blockbuster title in the second half of next year to kind of -- to grow? How are you thinking about that? Or can you make it up with a lot of small titles? And then can you talk a little about digital download percentage of games for the full game? Is that growing for you? And how will that affect your margins over time? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah, I mean, mathematically, as you said, it’s tough comp. We had a very big holiday lineup, five titles and we’re thrilled that they did so well. So math is math, and this year is penciling out very well. And naturally, if you look at it as a comp -- as a comp problem, it’s challenge, but it’s not really how we look at it. We have a desire to bring consumers the best in interactive entertainment. We have 10 franchises that each sold more than 5 million units and an individual release 40 multi-million unit franchises and we have labels with 2,000 creative folks who are actively working on a number of projects. So we believe, can and will be the highest quality projects in the business. So we don’t tend to measure ourselves based on annual growth, although it would be very nice to deliver that year in year out. We measure ourselves on doing the very best work that we can over the long-term and that’s work out really well for us over the past seven years. So you’re right, it is the tough comp. We have a lot of wood to chop. We feel very, very confident and we’re confident enough to say that we expect company to be profitable next year and for the forcible future. We’re certainly talking about some titles already. So we feel great about it. But we don’t see our mission as necessarily delivering quarter-over-quarter year-over-year topline and to our bottomline growth. That isn’t the mission. The mission is to delight audiences and then good things, including good economic things will flow from that. In terms of your question about our digital downloads as a percent of revenue, Lainie will take that.
Lainie Goldstein: Yeah. For the digital business, we do continue to see it growing quarter-over-quarter. It depends on what the mix of the overall business is, but we do see the digital business in general growing. And as we focus more on recurrent consumer spending, we’re seeing higher margins come from that business, so that continues to grow. We expect our digital margin as a whole to continue to grow as well.
Strauss Zelnick: But generally speaking, consumers are migrating to digital distribution of entertainment products and we’re part of that.
Justin Post: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square. Please proceed.
Daniel Ernst: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Two quick ones, if I might, first, maybe re-ask the digital question. Could you give us a general sense of the mix of your digital revenues of full game downloads, micro-transactions and DLC kind of what’s the rank order bucket or some general size of the mix? And then secondly, more broadly, Strauss, used to be one of the takes on Take-Two was you had an over concentration of revenues and profits in one franchise and that being GTA, and we have been arguing and you have been delivering a broadening of that portfolio with things like Borderlands and the re-launch of Red Dead and BioShock and so you have done that. But the problem is GTA has grown much, much faster, it is actually continued to, as you say, delight and surprise and so we still have this problem. Is that just a high quality problem and you don't deal with it or you almost just want to double down on that franchise, tell me how you think about allocating resources to your portfolio? Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein: The digital, so we talked about in this quarter that 23% of the quarter was digital business, 36% of it was for recurrent consumer spending and we don’t breakout this pieces of the recurrent consumer spending, but the majority of it came from the GTA Online was our biggest component. And then the remainder of the digital, the full game downloads is approximately 50% of overall total sales for the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Strauss Zelnick: No. Sorry. Sorry, I have a second question to your question Daniel. In terms of the over concentration of Grand Theft Auto as a contributor to our revenues and profits, nearly as you pointed out that’s a high-class problem, to use the phrase for the second time in the call. And remember, our goal is to make everyone of our release as big as it can possibly be. That would be everything from Grand Theft Auto to all the other hits that have around here. And the fact that Rockstar keeps making Grand Theft Auto more and more relevant that it attracts more and more consumers. The Grand Theft Auto V has sold in approximately 45 million units for legacy and next-gen consoles is nothing short of extraordinary. We have a great story to tell with our other intellectual property tiers as well and they continue to grow. So if someone’s looking at the company and saying, you have this massive industry hit and then you have an array of simply huge industry hits, its very difficult for me to see bad news in there as long as we keep delivering more and more successful franchises and every year since ’07, this company has successfully launched at least one new mega-million unit selling franchise. It’s our goal to keep doing that, can’t guarantee we will always do, but there are goal to keep doing it. And if we do that, I think, we are doing our job well and it’s reflected in our revenues and profits, and if we are fortunate enough that Grand Theft Auto can also grow simultaneously that will only be a thing. I can’t find anything bad about it.
Daniel Ernst: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Please proceed.
Ben Schachter: Hey, guys. Congratulations really on a couple of years of just excellent execution. I know you're not going to announce the specific title on the earnings call? But for holiday 2015, should we expect a significant new title from Rockstar? And then literally, when -- by when should we know the holiday lineup, do we wait for the next earnings call or should we expect that before then? And Lainie, if you could let us know the FX impact on the quarter and FY15 guidance and finally, just to clarify what you said on the previous question about 50% of total sales digital downloads, I wasn't sure what that was? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. Ben, we are not going to talk about Rockstar’s upcoming releases in the call and I know everyone like us too, but it just not the way that we tend to do, we like to leave those announcements to our labels. And certainly when we provide our initial guidance for the year, you could expect more color on what the release schedule looks for the company as a whole.
Lainie Goldstein: To just clarify on the digital, so what I said was the full game download represent 15% of our overall revenue in the quarter. To be, so, is that clear?
Ben Schachter: Yeah. And then the FX impact?
Lainie Goldstein: Okay. For the FX impact on the quarter was immaterial and in terms of looking forward with the FX changes, we are pretty much naturally hedged everywhere. So we do have a hedging program to our cover our balance sheet items. But in terms of our overall operations we have a natural hedge that we feel very comfortable with.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne, Agee. Please proceed.
Arvind Bhatia: Thank you. And I’d like to add my congratulations on the fantastic quarter. I wanted to actually just continue on the discussion of digital downloads? We are getting some questions on that? So I think you just clarify that it was 15% of the quarter? I am just wondering, this quarter you had Civilization as well and how that impacted that percentage of PC, obviously tends to be higher mix digitally? And maybe if you can talk about GTA V on next-gen specifically, what trends you saw in terms of full game downloads on that one? And lastly on GTA Online, you had that for the fourth quarter last year and this year, wondering if you would give us some color on kind of the year-on-year growth? I don’t see growing every quarter, but just kind of where that ended up this year in Q4 -- in December versus last year? Thank you.
Lainie Goldstein: So for the full game download, we don’t break that out on a title by title basis. But you are correct. It is the fifth title during the quarter, being a PC title is heavily weighted towards digital and that would drive that full game download percentage higher specifically in this quarter. And when we talk about the GTA Online this quarter is essentially been rising each quarter and it has been up from last year. We also introduced it on to the next-gen this quarter. So that also drove more online revenue and virtual currency revenue, as well as updates during this quarter.
Arvind Bhatia: Okay. And I know you're not getting specific by title, but could you kind of generally talk about where you see full game downloads going, just on consoles alone, say over the next 12 months?
Lainie Goldstein: We continue to see it rise on a quarter-by-quarter basis, so we’ve expected to continue to do so.
Arvind Bhatia: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks guys. Curious around what type of interest or engagement you’ve seen around the new set top boxes like the Kindle Fire. Have you seen anything noticeable regarding platform uptake from say NBA to GTA to most recently Evolve Hunters? And then does it impact digital downloads or purchases via Amazon versus other channels? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: So on your first question, you ask if we’ve seen any uptakes. I think that those platforms are still little -- they are early. But we actually think that they might be very interesting for us. And obviously, we’ll support them with titles to the extent they become relevant. In terms of specific -- our specific experiences, we are not seeing a huge amount of activity because we don’t have a huge amount out there right now for people to actually engage with. So I don’t -- I'm not really a best person to give you any real color on the market there. I’m sorry the second question?
Brian Fitzgerald: It’s just related to those boxes, Karl, and whether or not it drives purchasers to Amazon to purchase their kind of right out of the Kindle Fire?
Karl Slatoff: Yeah. I mean, I imagine it does but I really don’t have any real clear perspective to give you there. But it certainly makes intuitive sense that it would.
Brian Fitzgerald: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mike Hickey: Hey, guys. Great quarter. Thank you for taking my questions. Appreciate it. Strauss, I was hopeful you could remind us on how you and maybe your Rockstar team think about the appropriate pacing between mega-franchise titles like GTA and Red Dead and so forth into this sort of cycle? That, I guess, would be the most patient at this point?
Strauss Zelnick: I don’t think we think about pacing in a traditional way. We have said that we think big tentpole releases should not be annualized except for sports titles because we think it’s valuable to build anticipation and because it takes some time to make the highest quality products in the business. But apart from that, I wouldn’t say we over think pacing. I think we bring the titles to markets when they are ready to be marketed.
Mike Hickey: Okay. Thank you. And then on Evolve I am sort of curious how that title is shaping up into the release obviously as next week and a fair amount of buzz around. I'm curious if there's any sort of -- there's a bit of negative feedback, I guess, in the DLC strategy. I'm wondering if that's had any sort of impact on the game and the launch here?
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. You’re right, Mike. There was some controversy start-up by an online post. And I guess, controversy, generally speaking, is a good thing. People can argue about the business model. I think we’re delivering a fantastic title that’s well versed with consumers who will pay for it. And all signs are extraordinarily positive. I never like to claim success before it’s occurred. This looks to be a good news event. I’m going to leave it at that. Hopefully, in our next call, we’ll have great news to report. But certainly the title won Best of Show at both E3 and Gamescom that’s never been done as far as we know in the same year and the buzz is massive. So we’ll wait till consumers tell us what they think. And all our body parts are crossed around here.
Mike Hickey: Fair enough. Best of luck guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pham with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [indiscernible] for Edward Williams. I was curious if you could share what your thoughts are on -- what you are seeing as the overlap between Grand Theft Auto sales on next-gen. There are net -- how many of them are net new buyers versus maybe an overlap on legacy console? Give a little bit on legacy consoles?
Strauss Zelnick: It’s a good question. It’s difficult to say. I think it’s a mix and it’s very hard for us to determine which it is. We think there are 45 million sold but there are billions of people on the face of the earth. So we got plenty of room.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then I was wondering, do you see any trends as to how the next-gen players are spending versus the new legacy players. So maybe in the month of December versus last year?
Strauss Zelnick: It is early. They are both fully engaged and I wouldn’t say that at this early point, we have a perspective on difference.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just one final question for Lainie. Lainie, can you just tell me, remind me of the percentage of cash you have offshore?
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. It’s approximately 25% of our cash that’s held internationally.
Unidentified Analyst: I’m sorry. Can you say that one more time?
Lainie Goldstein: 25% is held offshore and 75% is domestic.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Stephen Ju: Hey. Thanks. Hi, guys and congratulations on a well executed quarter. So, Strauss, I wanted to make sure I heard you correctly. I think you just mentioned that the PC version of GTA V will have the online version packaged in there with it. And is this a simultaneous global release that you are planning for the title and a secondary, how will the PC version of GTA online be different from the console version, if at all? Thanks.
Karl Slatoff: Hi, Stephen. It’s Karl. Yes, the GTA online will be available with the release of PC. I think the last component was one of the differences between the two.
Stephen Ju: Yeah.
Karl Slatoff: For a PC and the online versions, you can play 30 players at the same time, so that’s a difference. But other than that, there is not really much to say in that regard. And what was the middle question?
Stephen Ju: Is this a simultaneous global release that you are planning across all territories?
Karl Slatoff: Yes.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thanks
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Haverty with GAMCO. Please proceed.
Larry Haverty: Hi. Two quick questions. One, do you folks have any strategy for the convertible? I would just assume it left the balance sheet but that’s essentially your quality? Just going to let it run or can you force it at some point? And I have got a follow-up question?
Lainie Goldstein: On $250 million convert matures in 2016, it doesn’t make sense economically right now for us to take it out until that time, but we continue to evaluate options to see if there is an opportunity to make any changes to our capital structure. And when it makes sense, we will do so.
Larry Haverty: And second question which is pretty far away from the first. In the last few weeks, Take-Two -- or not Take-Two, Tencent has announced significant more involvement with the NBA. Could you update us on what’s going wrong with your online game and whether this increased involvement with Take-Two or with Tencent and the NBA means that that product perhaps has much more potential than you might have imagined?
Strauss Zelnick: We’ve always been optimistic about the opportunity with NBA 2K online in China. We now have 24 million registered users. It continues to generate revenues and profits for us. We are very-very happy about it. In terms of Tencent and the NBA, two very big important organizations, we have relationships with both. And I will let them comment on their own activities. Probably better not for me to do so.
Larry Haverty: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Zelnick for closing remarks.
Strauss Zelnick: Just want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are very gratified by the results. Once again, how we do around here is generated first and foremost by 2,000 highly creative people who dedicate their lives to working here under our auspices and partnership with us and we couldn’t be more grateful for their activities. And of course, they are supported by an equally dedicated group of people who market and distribute those products. And then people who make sure that the trains run on time right here, including people sitting with me today. We are phenomenally proud of what our team collectively has built here at Take-Two. We are all grateful to have an opportunity to work here and we are happy to be able to deliver these results for ourselves, for our colleagues and for our shareholders. So, thanks so much for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Henry A. Diamond - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Special Litigation Committee Karl Slatoff - President Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc. Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Edward S. Williams - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Lawrence J. Haverty - Gabelli Multimedia Trust Inc. Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Neil A. Doshi - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Quarter 2 Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you. Mr. Diamond, you may begin.
Henry A. Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2015 ended September 30, 2014. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, including the risk summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors and in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that for the ninth consecutive quarter, Take-Two delivered better-than-expected results, which further illustrate our company's continued positive momentum. Key drivers for the period were strong catalog sales led by Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K14, and Borderlands 2, and continued growth in digitally-delivered revenue from our current consumer spending, particularly for Grand Theft Auto Online. Grand Theft Auto V remains our company's and industry's standard bearer for creative and commercial excellence. More than a year after its record breaking launch, the title is still captivating new audiences on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and we believe its enduring popularity will grow even stronger when the title makes its November 18 debut on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. NBA 2K14 and Borderlands 2 also continue to attract new fans and generate meaningful revenue from our current consumer spending, long after their initial release dates. Their ongoing success underscores the durability of our key franchises and demonstrates that the customers remain engaged with our highest-quality titles for prolonged periods of time and then eagerly return on day 1 to experience each new iteration. The diverse array of other titles also contributed to catalog sales during the quarter, including the Grand Theft Auto series, WWE 2K14, Sid Meier's Civilization V, Red Dead Redemption, and BioShock Infinite. Our deep catalog of must-have titles is an important competitive advantage and provides a predictable contribution to our results. During the second quarter, $89.8 million of our non-GAAP net revenue was digitally delivered. Importantly, nearly 60% of this revenue was derived from recurrent consumer spending which grew 45% year-over-year. We continue to see strong consumer engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online, which has both exceeded our expectations and has been the single largest contributor to digitally-delivered revenue in every quarter since its launch. During the second quarter, Rockstar Games released 2 updates, including The San Andreas Flight School Update and The Last Team Standing Update. The ongoing release of new content for Grand Theft Auto Online keeps consumers immersed in the game's vast open world, and we remain highly enthusiastic about its future, including the upcoming launches on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Recurrent consumer spending for NBA 2K also grew during the second quarter, with revenues up approximately 135% year-over-year. We expect that online play and virtual currency will continue to be important contributors to the success of our industry-leading basketball franchise. A variety of other offerings also contributed to recurrent consumer spending in the second quarter, including downloadable add-on content for Borderlands 2 and other titles, NBA 2K online in China, and in-game spending on WWE Supercard, which has been downloaded more than 3.5 million times and has quickly become 2K's most financially successful free-to-play mobile offering. Continuing to create opportunities that drive ongoing engagement with our titles after release is a high-margin growth opportunity for our company and a key strategic focus of our teams. We've only scratched the surface when we plan to support our future releases with innovative offerings designed to drive recurrent consumer spending. Full game downloads across console, PC and mobile platforms also contributed to digitally-delivered revenue. During the second quarter, we expanded our offerings for tablets and smartphones with the release of BioShock and Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution 2 for iOS. We're committed to providing our products on all relevant platforms, regardless of the screen size; and to all distribution channels, both physical and digitally delivered. Our fiscal third quarter is off to an excellent start with one of the strongest and most diverse holiday lineups in the history of our company. The initial response to our recent releases including NBA 2K15, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth, and WWE 2K15 has been outstanding, as Karl will discuss shortly. Through the tireless passion and dedication of our teams, we've been able to accomplish the challenging task of simultaneously delivering 4 AAA titles within a single month, supporting them with world-class marketing campaigns and executing seamless global distribution. In doing so, 2K has further exemplified its impressive capacity for growing its business by delivering multiple high-quality products and building leading franchises, and there's more to come. As a result of our better-than-expected second quarter performance, strong current business trends and positive outlook, we've raised our revenue and earnings expectations for fiscal 2015, which is on pace to be one of our best years ever. Looking ahead to fiscal 2016 and beyond, we have a robust pipeline of "yet to be announced" titles in development, including both groundbreaking, new intellectual properties and new releases from our established franchises, coupled with digitally-delivered offerings designed to drive recurrent consumer spending. Our company is better positioned than ever to continue delivering long-term growth, profits, and returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today I'll provide an update on our recent releases and lineup for the remainder of fiscal 2015. On October 7, 2K launched NBA 2K15 and further cemented the franchise's undeniable legacy as the #1 basketball experience in our industry. Developed by Visual Concepts and available for prior gen, next gen and PC, NBA 2K15 has been lauded by consumer and media for once again raising the bar for sports realism and gameplay. This year's Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions offer a variety of new features, including revolutionary 3D facial scanning, which enables players to put themselves into the game while living the life of a player in MyCAREER, becoming the face of a franchise in MyGM, or playing with friends online in multiplayer modes. Fans of NBA 2K15 also can engage with the game on their tablets and smartphones through the full-featured mobile version and the MyNBA 2K15 companion app. NBA 2K15 has enjoyed the strongest launch in the history of the series, with both record first week selling and sell-through across all platforms, and currently, it is the highest-rated sports game released this year on PlayStation 4 based on Metacritic.com rankings. On October 14, 2K released Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC. The title is off to a strong start, demonstrating that there's still a vibrant market for must-have prior gen titles. In keeping with the franchise's tradition of successfully driving recurrent consumer spending, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel will be supported by 4 action-rich downloadable add-on packs, which also can be purchased together via a Season Pass. Borderlands continues to be one of our company's most popular franchises, and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is another great offering for diehard fans and newcomers alike. On October 23, 2K hit the ice with NHL 2K for iOS and Android. We are excited to provide hockey fans with a full-featured mobile gaming experience, consistent with our strategy of exploring select opportunities for tablets and smartphones. On October 24, 2K expanded the wildly successful Civilization franchise with the release of Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth for PC. The title features the core and tactical elements for which the series is famous, while propelling players beyond the traditional timeline of a Civilization game by exploring humanity's future on an alien world. Civilization: Beyond Earth is off to a great start and has garnered positive critical reception from influential press with Game Informer awarding it a score of 9 out of 10 and declaring the title a worthy bearer of the Civilization name and a must play for strategy fans. Yesterday, 2K released WWE 2K15 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, and also will bring the title for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 on November 18. Developed collaboratively by Visual Concepts and Yuke's. WWE 2K15 offers major gameplay enhancements, improved commentary and a collection of the biggest roster of WWE superstars. For the first time in the history of the series, WWE 2K15 includes MyCAREER mode, a fan favorite from our NBA 2K series, which enables players to experience the life of a rookie WWE Superstar and rise to the ranks to earn a title shot at WrestleMania. The title will also be supported with an exciting array of downloadable content, including a Season Pass. The initial launch of WWE 2K15 is off to an encouraging start, and we expect a combined launch on prior gen and next gen to show meaningful growth versus last year's release. I'd like to congratulate 2K and their studios, Visual Concepts, 2k Australia and Firaxis Games as well as our external partners at Gearbox software and Yuke's for delivering a stellar array of titles for this holiday season. Their commitment to excellence is evident within each release, and we are very proud of their contributions to our organization. Now I'd like to discuss our upcoming pipeline. On November 4, 2K will release BioShock Infinite: the Complete Edition for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Featuring the award-winning title and all of its previously released add-on content, The Complete Edition provides unprecedented value and is a must-have item for gamers who have yet to experience BioShock Infinite's graphically stunning world, deep and immersive storytelling and heart-pounding action. On November 18, Rockstar games will launch their record shattering hit, Grand Theft Auto V on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, with the PC version to follow on January 27, 2015. In addition to increased draw distances and higher resolution, players can expect a range of additions and improvements including new weapons, vehicles and activities, additional wildlife, denser traffic, a new foliage system, enhanced damage and weather effects and much more. Players returning from the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions will get access to a host of new, exclusive content, including rare versions of classic vehicles from across the Grand Theft Auto series, activities such as wildlife photography, new shooting range challenges, new weapons and more. Included with Grand Theft Auto V is free access to Grand Theft Auto Online, which now will feature online play for up to 30 players on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The current community of players will have the ability to transfer their Grand Theft Auto Online characters and progression to their choice of either PlayStation 4, Xbox One or PC. In addition, all content and gameplay created for both Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online will also be available for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC with more to come. Rockstar Games will continue to support both Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online with new offerings throughout the year, including regular content drops and limited-time event updates. Rounding out our fiscal 2015 lineup will be 2K's February 10 launch of Evolve for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Developed by Turtle Rock Studios, Evolve is the only title in history to win Game of Show honors at both E3 and Gamescom in the same year. Consumer anticipation for Evolve continues to build, and starting tomorrow through November 2, the big alpha test for this unique 4 versus 1 multi-player shooter will be available exclusively for 24 hours on Xbox One. In addition, the alpha test will be available on PlayStation 4 and PC from October 31 to November 2. While the alpha test is not fully representative of the final product, it will give our teams a chance to test the game in the hands of our most passionate consumers. And we will test it again in the open beta for Evolve, exclusively for Xbox One in January. We remain incredibly excited about the potential for Evolve. Looking beyond this fiscal year, we have a robust pipeline of titles in development. To date, we have revealed 2K's Battleborn, an all-new intellectual property developed for next gen and PC by Gearbox Software, the creative team behind our Borderlands franchise, which is planned for release during fiscal 2016. The title, which was featured on the August cover of Game Informer, is a blended-genre game that combines first-person shooting, cooperative combat and an expansive collection of characters to deliver an all-new hero-shooter experience. We'll have more to announce about our future lineup in the months to come. In closing, I'd like to join Strauss in thanking our global teams for delivering a superb holiday lineup and continuing to executive our proven strategy of creating the most innovative and highest-quality titles in our industry. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the second quarter and then discuss our outlook for the third quarter and fiscal 2015. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. Starting with our results for the second quarter. Net revenue was $135.4 million versus $1.27 billion in last year's second quarter, which had benefited from the record-breaking launch of Grand Theft Auto V. This result exceeded our outlook range of $95 million to $110 million due to stronger-than-expected catalog sales and digitally-delivered revenue, particularly from Grand Theft Auto V, Grand Theft Auto online, Borderlands 2, the WWE 2K franchise and NBA 2K14. Digitally-delivered revenue accounted for $89.8 million of net revenue versus $105.5 million last year. Revenue from recurrent consumer spending, including virtual currency downloadable add-on content and online games, grew 45% and accounted for 58% of digitally-delivered revenue. The largest contributor to digitally-delivered revenue were offerings for the Grand Theft Auto series, the NBA 2K franchise, Borderlands 2, and Sid Meier's Civilization V. Gross margin increased 19.4 percentage points to 58.6% due primarily to lower internal royalties and a higher percent of digitally-delivered revenues. Operating expenses were $110.3 million, down by $49.2 million, as last year's second quarter included higher-marketing expense for the launch of Grand Theft Auto V. Interest and other expense is $2 million, and non-GAAP net loss was $35.4 million or $0.44 per share as compared to net income of $325.6 million or $2.49 per share in fiscal second quarter 2014. This result exceeded our outlook range of a loss of $0.60 to $0.70 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported revenue of $126.3 million and loss from continuing operations of $41.4 million or $0.51 per share. Turning to some key items on our balance sheet at September 30, 2014, as compared to June 30, 2014. Our cash and short-term investments balance decreased to $803.8 million. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to $25.4 million, primarily reflecting the collection of receivables. Inventory increased to $55.9 million due primarily to build up for our October releases and software development costs and licenses increased to $327 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases. Now I will review our financial outlook for the third quarter and fiscal 2015, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the full fiscal year, as a result of our better-than-expected second quarter performance, strong current business trends, and positive outlook for our upcoming releases, we are increasing our outlook for both revenue and net income per share. We now expect net revenue to range from $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, up from the prior range of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion, and net income to range from $1.05 per share to $1.30 per share, up from the prior range of $0.80 to $1.05 per share. Turning to the details of our full year outlook. The majority of our revenue is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K15, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, WWE 2K15 and Evolve. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% from 2K and 40% from Rockstar Games. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We expect gross margins in the mid- to upper 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 7%, driven primarily by personnel expense on a higher headcount, higher professional fees and higher depreciation expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 17% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $9 million, tax expense is about $44 million, and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 80 million, 8 million participating shares for unvested stock-based compensation awards, and 26 million representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the if-converted method of accounting. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is approximately $7.4 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share under the if-converted method. We expect to generate cash during the second half of fiscal 2015 and a result of our better-than-expected results, increased outlook and cash receipt from the sale of Twitch, we now expect to be approximately net cash flow neutral for the full fiscal year. We continue to expect to generate cash from operations in fiscal 2016. Turning to the fiscal third quarter, we expect net revenue to range from $745 million to $760 million, and net income to range from $1.35 to $1.45 per share. The majority of our revenue is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, NBA 2K15, Borderlands: The Pre-SEQUEL, WWE 2K15 and Civilization: Beyond Earth. We expect gross margins in the upper 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 33% from the prior year third quarter, primarily due to higher marketing expense for our holiday releases. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 13% of net revenues based in the mid-point of our outlook range. Our third quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million, tax expense of $32 million, and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 114 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares approximately 80 million, 8 million participating shares and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the if-converted method of accounting. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is approximately $1.9 million, which should be added back to net income to calculate net income per share under the if-converted method. In closing, fiscal 2015 is poised to be among Take-Two's best years ever. We continue to benefit from top creative assets coupled with a sound financial foundation, which provide our organization the flexibility both to execute our core strategy and to capitalize on new opportunities for growth. We are well positioned to deliver non-GAAP profits every year for the foreseeable future and return to our shareholders over the long term. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their contributions to our success. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions on GTA V. When you think about the huge player base that's out there, do you think you can get a decent conversion among people to maybe try and buy GTA V? What's kind of your thinking around that? And then could you reiterate or repeat those digital numbers? Did you say half of your digital is coming from GTA V? Just want a clarification on that. And then maybe one for Lainie about the cash. Clearly going to be a year with solid earnings, where are you deploying some of that cash that's not really coming through on the cash flow statement?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Justin. In terms of GTA V, obviously, having sold something like 34 million units of GTA V for what is now a prior gen, we know we're attracting a very significant core gamer audience and we also attracted people who are not core gamers. But we don't think we had 100% market share of everyone who had platforms, and so we do think there's an opportunity for people who haven't yet enjoyed the title to enjoy it for next gen. Equally, when you do go buy a new platform, it seems to me that it would be very exciting to have one of the most important titles in the industry. But we tend to like to talk about this stuff after it's happened not in advance. We're really proud of the lineup we've had. We're immensely proud of the achievements of the Rockstar team for GTA, and we're anxiously awaiting the November release. So we'll see how it goes. And Lainie can answer your question about digital, then I'll pick it back up on cash.
Lainie Goldstein: Okay. For digital, we said $90 million for the quarter was in digitally-delivered offerings, and 58% of that came from our recurrent consumer spending, which grew 45%, so we didn't specifically break out what GTA Online was, but that's the information we gave around the digital business.
Strauss H. Zelnick: And then just in terms of deploying our cash balance, we've said repeatedly that we've used and expect to use cash to support organic growth. It's been a good story on organic growth. In 2007, our apples-to-apples net revenue was roughly $700 million. This year, we're guiding to $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. Last year was obviously well over $2 billion, and that's all been generated to organic growth. We are risk-averse folks. We don't intend to change that, certainly don't intend to be profitable yet. But we do see growth opportunities that we now have the ability to avail ourselves of, especially as we head into what we believe will be a very significant growth periods driven by these new consoles coming online. Secondly, we said we will contemplate accretive acquisition or inorganic growth. We've been very selective in anything that we've done so far. And thankfully, it's all worked out for us. But that is something we can now contemplate, but I want to emphasize that we're only interested in accretive deals, and I mean accretive within a reasonable period and accretive on a mathematical basis, not just a business model basis. And finally, we've shown a willingness to return cash to the shareholders. We have very meaningful stock buyback last year, that's another opportunity as well. So minimally, there are 3 possible uses. I think it's also worth noting in our business, cash is a strategic asset. Like any entertainment business, there's an element of risk and volatility in our business that we've aimed very much to drive that out. We definitely have a much more predictable and much less volatile business than we used to have years ago. But having a meaningful amount of cash does allow one to play through the inevitable ups and downs of our business and to avail ourselves of opportunities when they do arise.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe one follow-up. Why would cash earnings be below operational earnings this year? Just trying to reconcile the difference between the cash flow statement and the income statement just for this year. It looks like kind of a difference between the 2 this year.
Lainie Goldstein: It's definitely a buildup of our development cost on our games and our strong pipeline going forward, that's what's causing the difference.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So growth in software development on the balance sheet?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the state of retail right now as we sort of get closer to holiday season. Are you finding that retailers are having a willingness to take on physical inventory? And are you seeing any skittishness as sort of the -- as consumers sort of steadily migrate to more full game downloads?
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. We've actually seen a very robust retail market, and all of our retail partners have been enthusiastic about our titles. So to the extent there's any skittishness in the market, and we've had heard rumblings of some of it, we haven't seen any of it at this point. So we're very sanguine on what the state of the market is. And frankly, there's nothing that we've been told by any of our partners that give us any significant concerns. So we think it's going to be a fantastic holiday season, and we're incredibly excited about the lineup that we have, which is a much bigger lineup than we're used to having at the time of the year. So we feel good.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one follow-up for Lainie. It looks like operating expenses came in a little bit lower than expected. Anything going on in there in terms of were those reallocated or maybe some permanent taking out of the business, or just talk a little bit about that.
Lainie Goldstein: In Q2, what we saw in operating expenses was a little bit lower in terms of our marketing expense and it was some timing. So most of that marketing we'll see in the rest of the year in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I wonder if you could comment on the decision to push GTA V on PC back to January and any impact that has on your guidance. And then separately, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, could you comment on how it sold or what the selling look like relative to Borderlands 2? And then, I have a follow-up.
Strauss H. Zelnick: When we move a title, it's almost always the same answer, which is giving a title a bit more development time to make sure that it can be everything that it ought to be, and while we would prefer never to change release dates, it's proven to be a good move for us in general because we have the highest Metacritic ratings in the business, and that correlates with revenue and ultimately, of course, profitability. In terms of Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, naturally it's available only for what is now prior gen. It's not available currently for next gen. We're very happy with the initial results. It remains to be seen. It's early days yet but you wouldn't want to comp it to the last Borderlands. So I don't think that would be an appropriate comp right now.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Fair enough. And then, just last question, Strauss, as far as fiscal '16 is concerned, you've made reference a couple of times to the "robust pipeline," you've got some momentum with digital, and you expect to be net cash flow positive next year. Can you -- is it too early to comment on growth prospects for next year? How comfortable are you that the business can grow versus 2015?
Strauss H. Zelnick: We feel good about the place the industry is in. And I put Take-Two to decide for the moment. This has historically been an excellent time for the business. And a couple of our important peers are performing, and it made pretty good announcements of late. The early stages of the launch of new hardware historically has been a very good thing for the interactive entertainment business, and this time around appears to be no exception. To the contrary, it looks like it's going to be a very robust period in terms of initial selling. The key competitors whose strategies make sense, who have strong balance sheets, who have strong-owned intellectual property and strong technical abilities, and we put ourselves on that short list, should be very well positioned, but we're not the only ones. We've given as much color as we can on 2016, a much more color than we used to give, frankly. We don't have much more to add now. And as we have marketing announcements, of course, our labels will make them. But sitting here today, we feel -- obviously, because we've increased our financial outlook for this year, we feel very sanguine about this fiscal year. And again sitting here today, we feel as though '16 is unfolding nicely as well. But it's early yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc.: It seems interesting to me that 2 of the biggest games out this holiday are actually upgrades of prior games. One, of course, is yours in GTA V coming to next gen and the other is Halo, being rereleased in all of the series for at least one of the next gen consoles. And so I'm wondering is that a treatment of other games in your deep catalog that you think are appropriate to migrate up to next gen and be rereleased but upgraded. And then to the Halo thing it's interesting in that it's repackaged the entire story into kind of one game. And is that something you might consider for GTA given the deep history of that game, not just GTA V, but all the way back the last decade or so? And then two, also on GTA, wondering if you could comment on what percentage of the people that have bought the game are still engaged with the game, either offline or online. And in the online component, what percentages of those online players are also payers?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, in reverse order, appreciate the question. This quarterly report continues to reflect that the Grand Theft Auto online has been a significant contributor to our results and obviously, we repeatedly said that we're gratified by how the title is performing, both the full game release as well as the online component, and we've been gratified by the long-lasting nature of that. But beyond that, we haven't given out much more data, and I don't see us doing that right now either. In terms of the kind of titles we put out, and I understand your question, in any given year, we and our key competitors launch new intellectual properties and new iterations of older properties. And occasionally, when we see a platform shift, we will take an old property and create an iteration of that in a very similar form for next gen, and we wouldn't rule anything out. That would be driven by the market opportunity we perceive and the potential for delivering a quality release, and that would be very much something that'd also be driven by the passion of our labels. It would not be something that we would mandate to our labels. Our labels are driven by the desire to delight consumers and pursue their creative passions, and that's been a formula that's worked extraordinarily well for this company for the past 7 years. So we're not -- we don't have a policy answer to it, except our job around here is to make sure that consumers are thrilled, to deliver the very best titles in the marketplace, and to make sure that for the top creative talent in the industry, this is the #1 place to work.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: A few questions. Strauss, when you're talking about Rockstar, some investors still think it's just GTA. So wondering if you could walk through some of the other key Rockstar franchises and comment on what they mean to Take-Two. And also, can you tell us if there's any new IP that is being developed by Rockstar, or is everything in the pipeline based on existing IP? And then coming at the GTA next-gen question a little differently, can we get a sense of what it looks like in your guidance versus the original launch? Does the guidance assume it's 10% as big, 20% as big, 30%, et cetera? And then, just finally, when you're looking at potential acquisitions, are you primarily looking to buy something very much directly related to video games? Or are you looking more broadly at media?
Strauss H. Zelnick: So Ben, let me take your first and your third, then I'm going to ask you to repeat your second after I've done that because you were speaking quickly, and I'm slow on the uptake. In terms of Rockstar, as you know, I think you know as well as anyone other franchises include Red Dead, which has been massively successful for our -- for Rockstar and for our company, the Midnight Club franchise, Max Payne and numerous other titles. In terms of what Rockstar is working on in any given time, we really want our labels to make announcements and focus on the consumer and marketing, and that's something that you'd hear from Rockstar when the time is right. In terms of acquisitions, the interactive entertainment business is the only growth business in the audiovisual entertainment business. And there are areas to that business to which we currently do not have exposure, so there's plenty of opportunity out there. But we don't rule anything out, as long as it fits with the company's DNA, as long as it's high quality and clearly would have to be digitally focused entertainment. And I'm sorry, could you repeat your second question for me.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: Yes. Just relating in the guidance, are you assuming that GTA V is 10% as big as the original launch or 20% as big, or what number should we be thinking about that?
Lainie Goldstein: We're not giving out details on a title-by-title basis of our assumptions.
Operator: Our next question comes of the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: You announced that the closed alpha of Evolve, and we've seen these closed alphas more frequently now. So just kind of wondering what kind of pre-order brand lift do you generate out of these things. Or is it more about benchmarking and scaling, the online multi-player pieces or monitoring engagement? And then, at the margin, does it drive more digital purchases versus retail purchases?
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. I think definitely more of the latter in terms the reason why we do this. It's really more to test the game out, to understand -- get some consumer feedback and to make sure the game is working properly, so that we can adjust our development efforts as we see fit. There may be an incremental marketing benefits to it, but frankly, that's not the primary reason that we would do something like that. It really is purely on the development side. In terms of skewing towards digital, we really haven't done an awful lot of these, really if any. So we don't really have any -- a lot of first-hand experience in terms of is it going to skew for digital. I suppose you can make an argument that when you engage people in that way, they're already predisposed to downloading something digitally because that's the way it's typically available. You could make that argument. But how it plays out, it's frankly, we really don't care, because we don't care how people get it. We don't care if they download it. We don't care if they get it on a disk. It doesn't make a difference to us.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: And then, maybe one quick one. You pointed a broad strength across all platforms of NBA 2K. Any comments on the traction differentiation across the platforms? Or does it kind of correspond to market share? And when you mentioned the Amazon devices, any early traction you see in there with respect to gaming? And Android NBA 2K, is that exclusively on Amazon Android, because you specifically call out available on iOS and Amazon devices?
Karl Slatoff: Okay. In terms of strength across the platforms, the good news is we're having strength in NBA across all of our platforms. And in terms of weight between platforms, I don't think we're seeing anything terribly different than we've seen before. So the good news is, is that we feel good across all the platforms. I'm sorry what was the other question?
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: It's just on -- with respect to NBA 2K, you call out availability on iOS and Amazon devices. That's not exclusive to Amazon Android, right?
Karl Slatoff: Those are the only 2 platforms that we've announced anything or that they're on at this point. So we haven't talked about other platforms it may or may not be on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets.
Edward S. Williams - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just to follow up a little bit. Karl, I know you don't care necessarily how the devices or the games are delivered, but can you give us a sense as to what sort of change you're seeing in terms of the digital distribution of full game downloads relative to what you've seen in prior cycles? And then, also can you guys just follow up a little bit as to what status is with some of the non-partnerships you got going on in Asia?
Karl Slatoff: In terms of digital -- in terms of the strength of digital distribution, obviously, digital distribution is incredibly strong, continues to be strengthened in the PC market for us. It's a very, very, very important component of that market, and we continue to see growth in that particular segment. In terms of console, we're seeing strength across the board digitally and also on from a physical side. And in terms of is it -- are we getting more digital? I would say that certainly there's more digital activity at this point, but it's not something that we see is changing in a rapid fashion that's worth noting at this point.
Strauss H. Zelnick: And in terms of China, things are going well. NBA 2K China online continues to perform well. We continue to be optimistic about Civilization coming, and we're excited.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Haverty with GAMCO.
Lawrence J. Haverty - Gabelli Multimedia Trust Inc.: I just have a couple of questions. One, do you have a strategy with regard to removing the convert? Are you going to force conversion at the first opportunity? And could you walk us through what that is or just let it sit there so that people who want to own equities can show that they're owning bonds?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, one of our -- the most recent -- the earliest convert is going to be up in 2016. So it doesn't really seem to make sense right now for us to do anything about that until that time. But we continue to look at it and see if there's an opportunity to make any changes in our capital structure.
Lawrence J. Haverty - Gabelli Multimedia Trust Inc.: Okay. And second thing is, do you have any view on what the marketing plans are for the next gen systems from Sony and Microsoft for the fourth quarters? It's been reasonably silent. And so far, it looks like the next gens are selling quite well. But I'm just interested in any insights that you might have on what the game-box guys are actually doing to get more of these products into consumer hands.
Karl Slatoff: Larry, we agree that -- we are very encouraged by the sales of next gen -- of next-gen devices. Things are going really, really well. I know that everyone is expecting a very hot season this year. In terms of specific marketing plans, we really don't know any more than you guys do, what they publicly announced. We know that Microsoft has announced a pricing change, which should certainly benefit the installed base on that platform. But in terms of specific plans, that's something that we don't know.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a more general question for you guys. In the past, we've all looked at preorders as a good predictor of success for games. With more stuff happening digitally, more full game downloads, et cetera, I'm wondering if -- how you are thinking about games as you develop them. What do you monitor? Is it social media, chatter? Is there other things, particularly with something like Evolve? How are you thinking about that? And then, I'm going to have a follow-up.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. I mean, presales tend still to be a pretty good leading indicator. Awards, covers, press, social media and the like can also be good indicators. And we do have market research to track that as do our competitors. So with social media, there's a bit more insight than there used to be. And I would say, we have pretty good sense of that. We also need to because retail is our partner and we need to make sure that what we're willing to ship is a reflection of what we think the demand is.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I guess what I was trying to figure out is preorders are still the #1 way that you are trying to figure out the potential for a game at this point?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Not really. I mean, they definitely will tell us something about launch quantities, but they don't tell us all that much about lifetime. But Metacritic ratings, for example, which you obviously don't know until after you've established your launch quantities, can tell you something about that. So I would say that preorders are important in terms of launch for many titles, not all. There are titles that have long tail. Our Civilization titles tend to have a very long tail. In other instances, it can tell you a great deal. But you want to see how the title rates and then generally speaking, how consumers like it after it's in the market to get a sense of your lifetime sales.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Great. And then my other question is a follow-up on the full game downloads question. I know that Karl mentioned that it's not really material yet. Some of the competitors are talking about 10% to 15% of volume going through digitally. When you think about GTA V, do you think that you would be thinking about, for planning purposes, something like that? Or just wondering how you think about it.
Karl Slatoff: Arvind, it's Karl. Just to clarify, I didn't say it wasn't material. I actually said we just didn't care. So there's a pretty big difference there. Whether it's download, a full game download or on a disk, it's irrelevant to us. But you can pretty much assume that we're experiencing the same kind of numbers as everybody else because it's kind of an industry phenomenon. It's not a company-specific or even -- it can be a title-specific phenomenon, but certainly not company-specific phenomenon. But the point is that it doesn't matter to us. In terms of our expectation about percentage digitally downloaded for GTA, we wouldn't share that with you. And again, it's not something that we really focus on to begin with.
Strauss H. Zelnick: We want to be wherever the consumer is. And we have said that our margins on digital distribution are a bit higher. They are for the industry as well. But in terms of margin dollars, there's a bit of a difference in our favor, but not much. But we can't control that. What we can control is making sure that we're ubiquitous, that we're wherever the consumer is. And our belief is that's our job and we can vote, the consumer votes. So that's our job to just make sure that the options are available.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Doshi with CRT Capital.
Neil A. Doshi - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: You guys launched mobile games like NBA 2K15 for iOS? Do you feel like that these games are bringing new people to the franchise? Or are you primarily getting people who own the console version and just wanted an opportunity to continue to engage and play with these games when they're kind of away from the console? And then, Lainie, on the gross margins, I think that's the highest we've seen to date. Any thoughts on where kind of gross margins could go long term especially as digital continues to ramp up and become more important part of your revenue mix?
Karl Slatoff: Neil, it's Karl. I would say -- to answer your first question about NBA mobile, I would say that it's both. There are people who are engaged specifically with the mobile titles and there are people who are engaged with both, with the console title and use the mobile titles in a companion fashion. And some of our mobile releases are actually designed to be companions to the console, but not necessarily tethered to or specifically required in order to play. So the answer to your question is both. And we also experienced the same thing at WWE. We have WWE Supercard, which is one of our most successful mobile releases from 2K to date, which you can play on a standalone basis but also has some connections into the console game. So it really is both.
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the gross margin, for this quarter, we saw a bit of a higher margin based on our recurrent consumer spending being a big part of the business in the quarter. And then, for the full year, we said we're going to be mid- to upper 40s for the year, and that's also been driven by our recurrent consumer spending that's becoming a bigger part of our business this year, and we hope to see that going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Crédit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So Strauss, I think you've consistently said before, and correct me if I'm wrong, or putting words in your mouth, but your willingness to take some of your existing franchises global will be low cost and probably deliberate and careful. But given that you are alluding to what appears to be a traction with NBA 2K in China, and that has been in the market for some time now, has that changed your attitude or willingness to step up the risk curve a little bit and perhaps speed up the process of taking your content to the global audience?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, our content is already available to the global audience. We have direct distribution into the far corners of the world. And it's one of the things that we're most proud of. Our titles are available virtually everywhere. And of course, there are limitations in China, although that market may well be opening up also. As you probably know, consoles are launching there. There's still going to be significant content restraints, but we think there potentially are some opportunities. If you're referring to other forms of our franchises like NBA 2K Online and Civilization, selectively, we absolutely would like to pursue those, and we are somewhat less risk-averse than we used to be partially based on the success we've enjoyed and partially based on the balance sheet we now have. But this remains a very, very disciplined management team. We operate in a risky business, the entertainment business. And what makes this company work is that, more often than not, we deliver a hit. We have an exceedingly high -- hit ratio. What makes this company work is that we have the strongest creative talents in the business, working on the best collection of owned-intellectual property, delivering the highest-quality products in the business according to Metacritic for, I think, the last 6 years in a row. Those things are all important, and they're easy for me to talk about and really, really hard for our teams to accomplish, really hard. And we have to wake up every day and do it all over again, and we never ever take it for granted. We do not believe it's owed to us. And it comes based on the dedication of more than 2,500 people who work at this enterprise around the world. So easy for me to say, easy for us to brag about, really hard to do every day, really important to do every day. And as we do more and more of that, we have the opportunity, very, very judiciously to take on a bit more risk, build our enterprise, And that's what's helped us grow this company organically from some $700 million in net revenue, just really what was a few short years ago. And we aim to grow profitably on an ongoing basis. But saying those words and doing the job are 2 very different things, and we're exceedingly mindful of risk, and we see ourselves as very careful stewards of our shareholders' capital, and that's not going to change.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, briefly, we've spoken an awful lot today. Thanks for all the questions. Thanks for your attention. And we'd like to wish you all a happy and healthy and prosperous holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Henry A. Diamond - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Special Litigation Committee Karl Slatoff - President Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Thomas F. Andrews - BMO Capital Markets Canada Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Zachary Arrick Ryan Gee - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond, you may begin.
Henry A. Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 ended June 30, 2014. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014. I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Take-Two's fiscal year 2015 is off to a solid start, with the first quarter marking our eighth consecutive period of better-than-expected results. I'm especially pleased to report that we're able to deliver non-GAAP revenue growth without the benefit of any major new releases, driven by our expanding portfolio of digitally delivered offerings, continued growth in our NBA 2K franchise and persistent demand for Grand Theft Auto V. NBA 2K14 continues to expand its global audience and has become our first sports release to cross the 7 million unit selling mark. The title has captivated gamers on both current and next-gen platforms, surpassing both FIFA and Madden as the third highest unit selling title of any genre on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in the United States. Over the past 5 releases, the NBA 2K franchise has grown at a compounded annual rate of 35%, reflecting the consistent ability of 2K and Visual Concepts to raise the bar for excellence and build the series into one of our company's most important and durable franchises. Last September, Grand Theft Auto V delivered the most successful launch in the history of entertainment, achieving $1 billion in retail sales in only 3 days. Nearly a year later, the title continues to attract new audiences in Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, with worldwide selling now surpassing 34 million units. Fans can look forward to Rockstar Game's release of the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC versions this fall, which Karl will have more to share about shortly. During the first quarter, digitally delivered revenue grew 43% year-over-year, to $106.4 million. Nearly 90% of this growth came from recurrent consumer spending, which accounted for approximately 60% of our digitally delivered revenue during the period. The remainder came from full game downloads across console, PC and mobile platforms. The largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending was virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K14. Grand Theft Auto Online continues to outperform our expectations and was once again the single largest contributor to digitally delivered revenue. During the first quarter, Rockstar Games released several updates, including the Capture Creator, highlight pack, I'm Not a Hipster pack and the limited time Independence Day Special, which contributed to players' ongoing strong engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online. We're highly enthusiastic about the future of Grand Theft Auto Online, including its upcoming fall launch on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC Recurrent consumer spending for NBA 2K also continued to grow during the first quarter, with revenues up 150% year-over-year. Online play, including multiplayer gaming, has become an important enhancement to most players' engagement with our industry-leading basketball franchise. Downloadable add-on content for our frontline titles is also a key contributor to recurrent consumer spending. During the first quarter, we broadened our offerings with the release of Borderlands 2, Headhunter 5. Recurrent consumer spending was also enhanced by our free-to-play online games in Asia. In particular, NBA 2K Online, which we launched in partnership with Tencent in China, continues to deliver growth and revenues and player engagement. Gamers in Asia can also look forward to the commercial launch of Civilization Online, our massively multiplayer online game based on our successful Sid Meier's Civilization franchise, which is being delivered -- being developed by MMO design luminary Jake Song and his team at XLGAMES in Korea. Catalog sales accounted for nearly 55% or $82.7 million of our first quarter revenue, led by the Grand Theft Auto series; Borderlands 2, which is now sold in more than 10 million units; Sid Meier's Civilization V which is now sold in over 6 million units; and BioShock Infinite, which is now sold in nearly 7 million units. Our company continues to benefit from creating the highest-quality titles that attract new audience as well after their initial launch. For the calendar year-to-date through June, Take-Two was the #1 third-party publisher in the United States in terms of catalog unit sales per SKU across Xbox One, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3. Take-Two had phenomenal success at this year's E3 show in Los Angeles, which featured the first reveal of Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 4 and playable demos from 2K's extraordinary lineup. Our booth attracted thousands of attendees each day, who waited hours to experience 2K's titles, which in total won more than 100 editorial awards and honors. Evolve won more than 50, including the coveted Best of Show Award. We're incredibly proud of this achievement and believe that it bodes well for the title's February lunch, which Karl will discuss shortly. I'd like to congratulate both Rockstar Games and 2K on their stellar performance at E3. Fiscal 2015 is poised to be another strong year of revenues and profits for our organization, highlighted by a diverse array of new AAA releases and innovative digitally delivered offerings. With 16 titles we've announced to date, we've disclosed our complete frontline release schedule for the current fiscal year. There are no longer unannounced titles assumed in our guidance. The outlook for our lineup is stronger than ever, which, coupled with our better-than-expected first quarter results and current business trends, enables us to maintain our guidance for the full fiscal year. Our ability to project these strong results illustrates how our company has been transformed into a diversified interactive entertainment enterprise with numerous successful franchises and meaningful profits from recurrent consumer spending. Looking beyond the current year, Take-Two has the 4 key attributes that should enable us to maintain our positive momentum: the best creative talent in the business, the strongest portfolio of intellectual property, leading-edge technology and ample cash. We have numerous titles in development, including both groundbreaking new intellectual properties and offerings from our established franchises. As a result, we're well-positioned to deliver non-GAAP profits every year for the foreseeable future and returns for our shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll provide an update on our release schedule for the remainder of fiscal 2015. On October 7, Visual Concepts will step onto the court to continue our NBA 2K franchise's resign as the #1 basketball game in our industry. NBA 2K15 promises, once again, to set new benchmarks for sports realism and game play on both current and next-gen consoles and PC. Oklahoma City Thunder superstar, 4-time NBA scoring champion and 2014 NBA Most Valuable Player, Kevin Durant, will make his solo debut as the game's cover athlete and this year's release will include more teams and players from the Turkish Airlines euro league. In addition, internationally renowned music artist and producer Pharrell Williams will curate the most extensive and unique soundtrack compilation in NBA 2K franchise history. 2K and Pharrell will unveil the soundtrack later this summer. On October 14, 2K will release Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC. For the first time in the series, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel will transport players to Pandora's Moon, where they will experience intense gravity bending gunfights using an array of all-new weapons and loot. Codeveloped by Gearbox Software and 2K Australia, the title takes place in between the stories of the original Borderlands and Borderlands 2 and will continue the franchise’s tradition of innovative, cooperative multiplayer action. The Borderlands universe has become one of our company's most popular series and we're thrilled to provide fans with even more ways to experience its incredible gameplay. On October 24, 2K will build on the successful Civilization franchise, which has entertained audience quarter of a century and sold in more than 25 million units worldwide, with the release of Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth for PC. The title will feature the core and tactical elements for which the series is famous, while propelling players beyond the traditional timeline of a Civilization game by exploring humanity's future on an alien world. Beyond Earth generated tremendous buzz at E3, winning more than 18 awards globally, including Best Strategy Game Honors from the E3 game critics, Game Informer, IGN, Destructoid and Game Revolution. On October 28, 2K's WWE franchise will make its next-gen debut, with the release of WWE 2K15, which promises to take the series to new heights. 15-time WWE world champion, John Cena, will be the cover athlete; and Sting, one of wrestling’s most beloved competitor will play a key role in the title's preorder campaign. This fall, Rockstar Games will launch the blockbuster hit Grand Theft Auto V on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC, bringing across-the-board graphical and technical enhancement to the game's already breathtaking open world experience. The current community of players will have the ability to transfer the Grand Theft Auto Online characters and progression to their choice of either PlayStation 4, Xbox One or PC. All content and Gameplay created for both Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online will also be available for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC, with more to come. Rockstar Games will continue to explore both Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online with new offerings throughout the year, including regular content drops and limited time event updates. The launch of Evolve, coming from 2K, has been moved to February 10, 2015. When we first acquired Evolve, we believe that Turtle Rock was creating something truly unique, which was poised to redefine the shooting genre. Coming out of E3, our instincts were proven correct and the reaction to Evolve, including its numerous awards, speaks volumes about its potential in the market. We are encouraged by the overwhelmingly positive response from press and fans and believe that extending development by a few months will allow the team enough time to fully realize their creative vision for Evolve, while enabling us to take advantage of a favorable release window. We very much appreciate consumer's anticipation for Evolve and we're confident they will be well rewarded when the game launches in February. Our robust development pipeline extends far beyond fiscal 2015. We have numerous titles planned for release during fiscal 2016, such as 2K's Battleborn, an all-new intellectual property developed for next-gen and PC by Gearbox Software, the creative team behind our Borderlands franchise. Battleborn is a highly-stylized blended genre game, which combines frenetic first-person shooting, cooperative combat and an expansive collection of diverse characters to deliver a never-before-played hero shooter experience. The title is featured on the cover of the August issue of Game Informer, which provided an in-depth first look at the game. 2K will have more to share about Battleborn in the coming months. Next week, 2K will have a major presence at gamescom, Europe's largest interactive entertainment event, which attracts more than 300,000 attendees, including media and consumers. We will offer playable demos of NBA 2K15, WWE 2K15, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and Evolve, as well as private press and retail showings of Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth. Heading into this holiday season, we will fully leverage our worldwide marketing and distribution expertise to create must-have moments at retail and also continue to complement our core titles with innovative, digitally-delivered offerings. Rockstar Games and 2K will roll out campaigns that span all forms of traditional and online media to usher in what we believe is one of our most diverse and strongest lineups ever. In closing, I'd like to join Strauss in thanking all of our colleagues around the world for their contributions in delivering a strong start to the year. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll review our results for the fiscal first quarter and then discuss our outlook for the fiscal second quarter and full year 2015. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. Starting with our results for the fiscal first quarter, net revenue increased 5% to $151.6 million. This exceeded our outlook range of $120 million to $135 million, due primarily to the continued strong performance of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. Digitally delivered revenue grew 43% to $106.4 million. The largest contributors were the Grand Theft Auto series, the NBA 2K franchise and offerings for Borderlands 2. Approximately 60% was derived from the recurrent consumer spending, including virtual currency, add-on content and online games. Catalog sales accounted for $82.7 million in net revenue, led by the Grand Theft Auto series, Borderlands 2, Sid Meier's Civilization V and BioShock Infinite. Gross margin increased 22.7 percentage points to 58.1% due to the absence of a $29 million impairment of capitalized software development costs which was recognized during the first quarter last year. Operating expenses were $95.8 million, up by $2.2 million due to higher personnel expense and depreciation. Interest and other expense was $2.3 million. And non-GAAP net loss narrowed to $11.2 million or $0.14 per share as compared to a loss of $47.1 million or $0.54 per share in fiscal first quarter 2014. This result was better than our projected loss of $0.25 to $0.35 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported revenue of $125.4 million and a loss from continuing operations of $35.4 million or $0.45 per share. Turning to some key items from our balance sheet at June 30, 2014, as compared to March 31, 2014. Our cash and short-term investments balance decreased to $841.4 million. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to $43.2 million, primarily reflecting the collection of receivables from our fourth quarter and holiday sale. Inventory decreased to $23.1 million due primarily to continued sales of Grand Theft Auto V. And software development cost and licenses increased to $255.6 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases. Now I will review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2015, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the full year, we are reiterating our financial outlook including non-GAAP net revenue of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion and non-GAAP net income per share of $0.80 to $1.05. The majority of our revenue is expected to come from new releases, including NBA 2K15; Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC; Evolve; WWE 2K15; Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel; and Civilization: Beyond Earth; and catalog sales led by the Grand Theft Auto series. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 40% from Rockstar Games and 60% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We expect gross margins in the mid-40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 4%, driven primarily by rent for larger studio locations, personnel expense to increase headcount and higher depreciation expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 17% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $9 million, tax expense of about $37 million and weighted average fully-diluted shares of approximately $114 million. Interest on the convertible notes, net of tax, is approximately $7.4 million, which should be added to net income to calculate net income per share under the if-converted method. As a result of working capital needs, we continue to expect our operations to use a modest amount of cash in fiscal 2015. However, we expect to generate cash from operations in fiscal 2016 and to be net cash flow positive over these 2 fiscal years. Turning to the second quarter. We expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $95 million to $110 million and non-GAAP net loss per share to range from $0.60 to $0.70. Revenue in the second quarter is expected to be driven by Catalog sales, led by the Grand Theft Auto series, NBA 2K14 and Borderlands 2. We expect second quarter gross margins in the low- to mid- 60s due to a higher mix of digitally delivered revenues in the period. Total operating expenses are expected to decrease by approximately 27%, primarily due to lower marketing expense for Grand Theft Auto V as compared to the second quarter last year. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 55% of net revenue based on the mid-point of our outlook range. Our second quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million, a tax benefit of $2 million and weighted average shares of approximately 80 million. Additional details about our financial outlook are in the press release, reporting our first quarter results which was issued shortly before this call. In closing, we are pleased that fiscal 2015 is off to a solid start, with better than expected first quarter results. Our industry-leading creative and intellectual property assets, coupled with an ample reserve of cash, provides Take-Two with a strong foundation to continue to execute our proven strategy and deliver positive results, both this year and over the long-term. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work. To our shareholders, I'd like to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So want to understand what the impact of moving Evolve from the fall to the February timeframe, it's on revenue guidance. You guys beat your first quarter guidance, but you're reiterating for the full year. So just want to understand what impact that has on how you're thinking about revenue for the year.
Lainie Goldstein: We don't give out our guidance on a title-by-title basis. The title did move, but we have a lot of movement in our guidance from this quarter versus when we previously gave out our initial guidance. And we beat Q1, we also adjusted all our estimates for our titles, for our pipeline that's coming out in fiscal '15. And there were some changes to our release schedule, as we mentioned.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then some of your competitors have seen weakness on new releases on past-gen systems. Just want to get a sense as to what you're anticipating for Borderlands, which will not be available on next-gen systems.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. We've definitely seen others' reports, largely on catalog. And I think our view is that if you give consumers what they want, they come out for it. Our catalog sales have done very well, that's what we announced in this quarter, it's one of the key reasons that we were able to beat in the quarter. And we have a lot of faith in the Borderlands franchise. There's still a huge installed base of consumers. Borderlands is beloved, Borderlands 2 has sold something like 10 million units to date. And so we have very high hopes for the pre-sequel for current gen platforms and, PC, indeed, But. It'll be reliant on quality and every expect to deliver high-quality games.
Karl Slatoff: And I think one of the differences that we may have from our competitors is this is a fresh new experience that's build for this current gen system, which has not been the case with our competitors. Particularly the weakness of the competitors have seen is on when you're coming out with both titles on current gen and next-gen and there's not necessarily a distinction between the two.
Andrew E. Crum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then one last question and I apologize if I missed this in your remarks, Karl, but is there anything contemplated in the fiscal 2015 guidance with respect to DLC for Grand Theft Auto V?
Lainie Goldstein: We don't have anything in there for Grand Theft Auto V. There may be some free downloadable content that's given out there in the year, but anything that brings revenue to top line hasn't been -- we've got nothing announced today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets.
Thomas F. Andrews - BMO Capital Markets Canada: This is Tom Andrews standing in for Edward tonight. Just a couple of quick questions. One, can you go into a little bit of detail about the revenue breakdown in terms of what was generated from your 2K portfolio versus what was generated by the Rockstar portfolio? And then just one housekeeping item. Can you go through the individual stock option expense lines for the quarter?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, we wouldn't normally go through that kind of detail on the call. You can follow-up separately with Hank if you wish and Lainie can respond to the 2K versus Rockstar split in the quarter.
Lainie Goldstein: Right. For Q1, Rockstar was approximately 45% and 2K was 55%.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: When you look at the nice digital revenue you had, plus 43% year-over-year, you mentioned in the release it was driven by GTA, NBA and Borderlands. Could you maybe give us some of the mix there? I know you highlighted GTA virtual currency and NBA, but maybe some color on mix split, including Borderlands. And then Strauss, you've had great success with NBA 2K. You highlighted the 7 million benchmark. How do you think about entering additional sports categories going forward? And obviously you're doing pretty well with WWE right now.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. We appreciate the question. We don't break out how the titles are doing specifically. And I know people would like that kind of color, but we're still in the middle of exploiting these titles and delivering these fantastic experiences to consumers. So it's still a work in progress. However, we are very pleased with how all of it's going. Very, very pleased with the current consumer spending in general. Very pleased with virtual currency sales. Very pleased with Grand Theft Auto Online's metrics across the board and very pleased with how NBA 2K is doing. So it's an excellent story across the board. We don't break it out title by title. In terms of our sports business, thank you for the compliment disguised as a question, happy to have it. And naturally, we're trying to grow the business and we're doing so selectively. What we found is that when we're leader in a space, we do really, really well. We also ran in the space we don't do well. And one of the things we try to do around here is start from the point of delighting audiences and putting out the highest-quality products and then thinking about making money. But equally, we really, really object to losing money. The bulk of what we do around here is owned intellectual property, by definition, a sports business is a license property, so we have to be exceedingly selective in our licenses. And the company's had history around that. So, generally speaking, I think this is a very disciplined, sometimes to a fault, management team and that applies to the sports business. But I don't want that to be confused with the lack of ambition because, indeed, we're very, very ambitious to grow the enterprise.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Zachary Arrick with Senvest.
Zachary Arrick: Could you tell us the reason for the delay, the pushback in the release date for Evolve?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, absolutely. We primarily decided that the title deserves and should have more time to be polished so it can reach its absolute optimal state before we release it. And historically, we've always benefited from giving the creative teams more time to polish the titles. We've never regretted it. It's not a meaningful amount of time. The title's still coming out in the fiscal year. And we're really excited about the title. Coming out of E3, where we won Best of Show, it felt like the right thing to do, to make absolutely sure this title can be its very best. At the same time, I do believe February's a pretty terrific release window. It's not at all crowded and we will benefit from the fact that there are a lot of holiday sales of consoles, so the installed base will be bigger and it should be pretty open time to release. And if you look at our history over the past 7 years, we're a company that's often released major titles outside of the holiday season. In fact, we typically are not very active in the traditional holiday season. So having such a robust release schedule for October is somewhat unusual for us. We're really excited about it. But I, for one, am glad that we have Evolve coming in February for any number of reasons.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Gee - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Ryan calling in for Justin. Just wanted to go back to GT Online (sic) [GTA Online] real quick. If you could talk about maybe what's the content that's probably coming out in the next quarter or for the rest of the year that we should maybe keep an eye on? And if you could talk about GT Online (sic) [GTA Online] and what that could be as a piece of that 40% of revenue that'll come from Rockstar this year. And then I have one follow-up.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. We're not really able to give much more color on GTA Online. It's not for want of excitement. We have a great deal of excitement. But when we start getting into content and marketing announcements, that's really driven by the label. We have said though and I want to reiterate, that the release of GTA Online has been extraordinarily favorable for consumers and for us. We're immensely grateful to Rockstar for the incredible product that they delivered, the incredible consumer experience. And we remain optimistic about what GTA Online can be both for current gen and next-gen.
Ryan Gee - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And then for Lainie maybe. Can you remind us what you said about the quarterly run rate for the recurring revenue in GT Online (sic) [GTA Online] and whether it's reasonable to expect that, once it comes out on next-gen, if that quarterly run rate should be a step function up or not?
Lainie Goldstein: We didn't give out, specifically, for GTA Online. We did say that 60% of the overall digital came from the recurrent consumer spending. And that includes our virtual currency, add-on content and online games.
Strauss H. Zelnick: So we're not making any projections about the run rate of anything that we've put out before.
Operator: Mr. Zelnick, it appears we have no further questions at this time, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, thank you so much for joining us. Obviously, we're thrilled to have beaten our projected outlook for something like 8 quarters in a row and to reiterate our financial guidance for the year. We have a lot of great things coming up. And we're grateful to the shareholders for their support. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-05-13 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 ended March 31, 2014. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, and Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2013.
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Fiscal 2014 was a record-breaking year for Take-Two. Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto V reached $1 billion in sales, faster than any entertainment release in history. NBA 2K14 enjoyed the franchise's strongest launch. Borderlands 2 became 2K's top-selling title, and our digitally delivered revenue grew to its highest level ever.
 As a result of these achievements, we generated record revenue, earnings and cash flow for our shareholders. We ended the year with nearly $1 billion in cash, after spending $277 million to repurchase our stock at a meaningful discount from today's share price.
 The highlight of our fiscal year was the worldwide launch of Grand Theft Auto V. This extraordinary title, which received more than 300 perfect scores, illustrates Rockstar Games' unmatched ability to deliver creative excellence. Grand Theft Auto V has been a commercial blockbuster that shattered numerous entertainment industry records. To date, the title has sold-in more than 33 million units worldwide, and continues to attract new fans.
 Rockstar Games is hard at work on their upcoming lineup, and we're excited about what they have in store for the new generation of systems this fiscal year.
 In sports, it's a monumental achievement to win a championship 2 years in a row. 2K and Visual Concepts have done just that for 13 consecutive years by consistently delivering the highest-rated and top-selling basketball video game. NBA 2K14 was our first next-generation title and already has surpassed NBA 2K13 as the top-performing release in the franchise's history, with sell-in of more than 6.5 million units to date. Moreover, the title has dominated next-generation sports sales, surpassing both FIFA and Madden as the third highest selling title of any genre on PS4 and Xbox One in the United States, according to the NPD group.
 Borderlands 2, which launched in September 2012, continued to be a significant contributor to our results. The title was the top-selling release in the history of 2K, with over 9 million units sold-in to date.
 An important driver of Borderlands 2's success has been its superb array of add-on offerings. During fiscal 2014, 2K released 8 new downloadable content packs for the title, as well as the Game of the Year Edition. The Borderlands franchise was launched less than 5 years ago and is quickly becoming one of the most beloved brands in interactive entertainment. We look forward to expanding it with new offerings in the current year.
 Our fiscal 2014 results also benefited from the successful launch of WWE 2K14 and continuing demand for Grand Theft Auto IV, BioShock Infinite, which has now sold-in more than 6 million units and offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization V. The February release of Civilization V: The Complete Edition marked the final offering for this title, which has sold-in over 5 million units and is supported by 2 critically acclaimed expansion packs, along with a selection of downloadable content. The Civilization franchise will move forward this fall with the launch of Civilization: Beyond Earth.
 Creating opportunities to drive ongoing engagement with our titles is a key strategic focus for our company. And we've started to generate significant revenue and profits from our current consumer spending, including virtual currency, downloadable add-on content and online gaming.
 During fiscal 2014, recurrent consumer spending accounted for nearly 50% of our record $435 million in digitally delivered revenue and approximately 75% of its growth.
 Revenue from Grand Theft Auto Online outperformed our expectations in the fourth quarter and was the single largest contributor to our digitally delivered revenue in the fiscal year. More than 70% of those who played Grand Theft Auto V while connected to the Internet played Grand Theft Auto Online. Rockstar Games has supported this vibrant universe with additional content, including the Valentine’s Day Massacre Special, the Business Update, and today's release of the High Life Update and has much more to come. Rockstar Games has also given players tools to create and publish their own in-game content. As a result, players have created over 7 million pieces of content for Grand Theft Auto Online to date. We look forward to the future of the ever-evolving world of Grand Theft Auto Online.
 Online play by fans of our basketball franchise, including multiplayer gaming, grew significantly with the release of NBA 2K14 and was a key contributor to growth in recurrent consumer spending during the past fiscal year. Sales of the game's virtual currency increased more than 150% over NBA 2K13, as players continued to customize their experience and deepen their engagement with the NBA 2K brand.
 Add-on content was also an important driver of growth and recurrent consumer spending. In addition to Borderlands 2, we released successful downloadable offerings for BioShock Infinite, Sid Meier's Civilization V and WWE 2K14. We'll continue to support many of our new releases with immersive add-on content.
 Finally, our online projects in Asia contributed to growth and recurrent consumer spending. In particular, usage and player engagement with NBA 2K Online continue to gain momentum, and it's now than the #1 PC online sports game in China, with 19 million registered users.
 Full game downloads across console, PC and mobile platforms also helped to drive growth in digitally delivered revenue. We're committed to providing our products on all relevant platforms, regardless of the screen size. During the past year, we released multiple titles for tablets and smartphones, including core titles, such as Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, XCOM: Enemy Unknown and NBA 2K14, along with a slate of offerings designed exclusively for these devices.
 Over the past several years, Take-Two has been transformed from a company that was dependent on one series into a financially strong, global, interactive entertainment enterprise with numerous successful franchises encompassing a variety of genres. Today, our company is defined by its top creative talent, unwavering commitment to quality and world-class marketing that turns product launches into pop culture events. Our diverse portfolio of intellectual property includes 10 franchises, with at least 1 million to 5 million unit selling release and more than 40 individual multimillion unit selling titles. In addition, we've complemented our core release schedule with numerous successful offerings that drive recurrent consumer spending.
 Looking ahead, we have more than 10 unique next-generation titles in development, including unannounced releases planned for fiscal 2015. The successful evolution of Take-Two and its vast potential is reflected in our significant profit outlook for the current fiscal year, as well as our expectation for continued non-GAAP profitability every year for the foreseeable future.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll provide an update on our robust development pipeline for fiscal 2015. On October 7, Visual Concepts will enhance their unparalleled basketball legacy with the launch of NBA 2K15 for PS3, PS4, Xbox 360, Xbox One and PC.
 Last week, 2K announced that Oklahoma City Thunder superstar, 4-time NBA scoring champion and recently crowned 2014 NBA Most Valuable Player, Kevin Durant, will make a solo debut as the game's cover athlete. We're thrilled to have him aligned with our brand, which underscores 2K's commitment to continually strengthen the franchise through the integration of the NBA's best athletes. 2K has kicked off their pre-order campaign, and we're confident that NBA 2K15 will once again set new benchmarks for sports realism in gameplay.
 Wrestling fans can look forward to a new annual release from our WWE 2K franchise, which promises to take the series to new heights. This will be our first next-generation WWE 2K title, and also the first in the series to leverage the development expertise of Visual Concepts, which has made NBA 2K a perennial favorite and one of our most successful franchises.
 This fall, 2K will launch Evolve for Xbox One, PS4 and PC. Developed by Turtle Rock Studios, the creators of the cooperative-shooter classic, Left 4 Dead, Evolve is a new intellectual property that blends first-person and third-person shooter action with cooperative and competitive multiplayer, resulting in a fast-paced and deeply fun entertainment experience.
 Set on a frontier planet on the edge of the galaxy, players will have the opportunity to be 1 of 4 hunters, each with their own special abilities, who will work together to fight a powerful, constantly evolving player-controlled monster in a unique 4-versus-1 gameplay experience. The media's response to Evolve has been very positive. With GameSpot declaring, "Evolve is one of the most unique ideas we've seen in a while, and is a well-executed one at that. Definitely one to watch." And Entertainment Weekly writing, "Evolve feels like a real evolution of the co-op shooter genre."
 Also this fall, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel will be available for the Xbox 360, PS3 and PC. For the first time in the series, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel transports players to Pandora's moon, where they will experience intense, gravity-bending gunfights using an array of all-new weapons and loot. Codeveloped by Gearbox Software and 2K Australia, the title takes place in between the story of the original Borderlands and Borderlands 2, as players take control of Handsome Jack's 4 lieutenants and experience the fan-favorite villain's rise to power. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel will continue the franchise's tradition of innovative cooperative multiplayer action, allowing players to drop in and drop out of the game online or to play together via split screen.
 The Borderlands universe has become one of our company's most popular series, and we're thrilled to provide its passionate and dedicated fans with even more ways to experience its incredible gameplay.
 Firaxis Games will also send players into space this fall with the launch of Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth for PC, a new science-fiction themed entry into the award-winning franchise that has entertained audiences for nearly a quarter of a century, and sold-in more than 24 million units worldwide. Beyond Earth features the core and tactical elements for which the series is famous, while propelling players beyond the traditional timeline of a civilization game by exploring humanity's future on an alien world.
 For the first time, players will lead factions divided by contrasting cultures and evolve their new civilizations to reflect their chosen destinies. Players will experience an array of new gameplay possibilities in an alien world that will change the very identity of each faction based on the choices they make.
 I'm pleased to share that Beyond Earth will be featured on the cover of the July issue of PC Gamer magazine, which will include an in-depth preview of the title.
 Evolve, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and Sid Meier’s Civilization: Beyond Earth were featured last month at PAX East in Boston. This annual event provides consumers with the opportunity to meet some of our creative talent and get hands-on time with our new titles. The response was fantastic, with thousands of fans coming to 2K's booth each day, many standing in line for over 3 hours just to see our games.
 IGN's readers voted 2K as having the best booth of the show, and Entertainment Weekly, Game Informer and Kotaku each listed our titles among their favorites at PAX. 2K experienced similar fervor at previous PAX shows for titles such as Borderlands 2, BioShock Infinite and XCOM: Enemy Unknown, which helped set the stage for those successful launches.
 Next month, 2K will have a large presence at E3, featuring many of our upcoming releases. We encourage you to stop by our booth and see how we'll build on our trend of delivering the most groundbreaking offerings in our industry.
 Rockstar Games will continue to support both Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online with new content updates, including the upcoming launch of cooperative heist missions, which will allow players to work together in new ways for substantial rewards. In addition, Rockstar Games plans to release more updates throughout the spring, holiday-themed event updates and story mode content. We'll have more to share about our unannounced fiscal 2015 releases in the coming months.
 Fiscal 2015 is poised to be another strong year for our organization, highlighted by a diverse array of the highest-quality new releases and innovative offerings that drive incremental profits from recurrent consumer spending. Our positive outlooks extend well beyond this fiscal year, as we enter an exciting new chapter for Take-Two. In closing, I'd like to join Strauss in thanking all of our colleagues around the world for delivering a record year and for their dedication to our continued success.
 I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2014, and then discuss our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2015. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, and all comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements.
 Starting with our results for the fiscal fourth quarter, net revenue decreased 23% to $233.2 million as last year's fourth quarter benefited from the release of BioShock Infinite and we had no significant releases during this year's fourth quarter. This exceeded our outlook range of $170 million to $200 million, due primarily to the continued strong performance of the Grand Theft Auto series.
 Digitally delivered revenue grew 51% and accounted for $122.3 million of net revenue. The largest contributors to digital sales were the Grand Theft Auto series, the NBA 2K franchise and offerings for Borderlands 2. Approximately 60% was derived from recurrent consumer spending.
 Catalog sales accounted for $75.7 million of net revenue, led by Borderlands 2, BioShock Infinite, the Grand Theft Auto series and Civilization V. Gross margin decreased 1.9 percentage points to 47.7% due primarily to higher internal royalties. Operating expenses were $88.4 million, down by $16.7 million, due primarily to lower marketing expense. Interest and other expense was $2.2 million, and non-GAAP net income was $21.5 million or $0.21 per share, as compared to $42.9 million or $0.38 per share in fiscal fourth quarter 2013.
 These results exceeded our outlook range of breakeven to $0.10 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported revenue of $195.2 million, a loss from continuing operations of $30.8 million or $0.40 per share.
 Turning now to our results for the full year. Net revenue increased 97% to a record $2.4 billion. This growth was driven primarily by the extraordinary success of Grand Theft Auto V. Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 65% and accounted for $435.1 million of net revenue. The largest contributors to digital sales were offerings of the Grand Theft Auto series, Borderlands 2, the NBA 2K franchise, Civilization V, and BioShock Infinite. Nearly 50% was derived from recurrent consumer spending.
 Gross margin decreased 0.7 percentage points to 41.5%, due primarily to higher internal royalties.
 Operating expenses were $468.5 million, up by $1.7 million due to higher personnel expenses in our development studios, higher professional fees and IT expenses and higher research and development costs, which are offset by lower selling and marketing expense in the absence of the $15 million, onetime contractual obligation recognized in fiscal 2013.
 Interest and other expense was $10.8 million. And non-GAAP net income was $510.7 million or $4.26 per share, as compared to $33.1 million or $0.36 per share in fiscal 2013.
 On a GAAP basis, we reported revenue of $2.4 billion and income from continuing operations of $361.7 million, or $3.20 per share.
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet. On March 31, 2014, as compared to December 31, 2013, our cash balance decreased to $935.4 million. Accounts receivable balance decreased to $53.1 million, primarily reflecting the collection of receivables associated with our third quarter releases and holiday sales.
 Inventory decreased to $29.8 million, due primarily to shipments both punishment orders[ph] of Grand Theft Auto V. Our software development costs and licenses increased to $225.7 million, reflecting the development effort around our pipeline of upcoming releases.
 Now I will review our financial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal 2015, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the full year, our initial outlook is a non-GAAP net revenue to range from $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion, and non-GAAP net income to range from $0.80 per share to $1.05 per share.
 Turning to the details of our full year outlook. The majority of our revenue is expected to come from our slate of announced new titles, including NBA 2K15, Evolve, WWE 2K15, Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and Civilization: Beyond Earth, new releases that we have not yet announced and catalog sales led by the Grand Theft Auto series. We expect the revenue breakdown from our label to be roughly 45% from Rockstar Games and 55% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 55% United States and 45% International. We expect growth margins in the mid to upper 40s.
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 14%, driven primarily by higher selling and marketing expense to support our fiscal 2015 release schedule.
 Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 20% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $9 million, tax expense of about $33 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 118 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 81 million. 11 million participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation award and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the if-converted method of accounting.
 As a result of working capital needs, we currently expect our operations to use a modest amount of cash in fiscal 2015. However, we expect to generate cash from operations in fiscal 2016 and to be net cash flow positive over these 2 fiscal years.
 Turning to the first quarter. We expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $120 million to $135 million and non-GAAP net loss to range from $0.25 to $0.35 per share. A majority of our revenue in the first quarter is expected to come from NBA 2K14, the Grand Theft Auto Series and Borderlands 2. We expect first quarter gross margin in the high 50s.
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 4% from the prior year's fourth quarter, primarily due to additional staffing at our studios to support our release schedule.
 Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 30% of net revenue, based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our first quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million, no tax expense and weighted average shares of approximately 79 million.
 In closing, Take-Two's record results for fiscal 2014 were due to our global organization's ability to deliver the highest-quality interactive entertainment within a disciplined fiscal framework. We've entered the current year with the strongest financial foundation in the history of our company. As a result, Take-Two is well positioned to pursue  its numerous creative endeavors, while also continuing to generate positive results for shareholders both in fiscal 2015 and over the long term. 
 Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for delivering a record year and setting the foundation for consistent, long-term success. And to our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support.
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two things. First, when you look at your cash on hand, you're now sitting at about -- over $8 of cash. And I think investors are pleased that you guys returned some of that capital this year through your buybacks in the third quarter. But fourth quarter, there was no buybacks. And given all the cash that you're sitting on and understanding that you're not expecting to generate any positive free cash flow in fiscal '15, is there anything in particular that you feel need to just sit on that level of cash right now? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric, for your question. We said before about the cash balance, and this is a high-class problem to have, is that there's at least 3 potential uses. One is to support our organic growth, and our history of organic growth around here is pretty great. Actually, if you just look over the course of the few years, the bulk of our growth indeed has been organic. And in certain businesses, for example, our Asia initiatives, we turn to partnerships to make sure that we could both mitigate the risk and fund those growth opportunities at the time when we were capital-constrained. Thankfully, those constraints were lifted. Those opportunities have largely turned out to be very beneficial, and now we are in a position to finance more organic growth internally. Secondly, there's the opportunity for inorganic growth, driven by acquisitions. We've been really selective about acquisitions, and I don't expect that our discipline would be, in any way, reduced. Historically, what we've acquired -- when we've acquired something is the intersection of a high-quality team with high-quality owned intellectual property. And that is the lens through which we tend to look at the world. And we're not interested in pie-in-the-sky deals. We are only interested in accretive deals. But again, our balance sheet now gives us the opportunity to look at those deals in a more wholesome way. And finally, in the last year, we have demonstrated a desire to return cash to the shareholders by buying $277 million of our stock. We do have an open authorization still for share repurchase and will contemplate that as well. So there are any number of options in front of us, and that's the palette from which we can choose. It's a nice position to be in. 
Eric Handler: Okay. And then just as a follow-up more for Lainie. Lainie, your G&A in the fourth quarter was $51 million. That seems to be a line item that fluctuates quite a bit quarter-to-quarter. How should we think about that line as we sort of progress through fiscal '15? 
Lainie Goldstein: Usually -- G&A usually stays pretty flat from quarter-to-quarter and it will probably be in line with next year's -- with last year's balance. The way to look at it, though, it can depend on if there is a onetime write-off or something. In last year--in 2013, we had a onetime $15 million contractual obligation that we had written off during that period. But otherwise, it should be pretty flat to last year's number. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Obviously, you have a quite an installed base for Grand Theft Auto V, and not a lot about your plans there. I'm sure Rockstar is part of that, but what can you tell us about how digital is tracking versus your expectations and how that has factored into your guidance for next year? And then, bigger picture, next year, 2015, it's expected to be a big year for the console cycle, so next calendar year. How are Rockstar and Take-Two approaching what could be, finally, a growth year for software sales next calendar year? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean -- I think by -- when you talk about digital, I assume you mean recurrent consumer spending related to Grand Theft Auto Online. And we've said that, that continues to be a very good story, indeed and, if anything, has exceeded our expectations. It's early days yet. And there's a lot of great content out there. There's great engagement. We're all anxious to see how that develops. But by any standard, it's a very good story, and Grand Theft Auto Online is a big generator of recurrent consumer spending for us. And I'm glad you're optimistic about what next gen -- the next-gen rollout looks like in the coming calendar year. We tend to be highly optimistic as well. We have more than 10 titles in development for next-gen. We've had a great experience with our basketball title, which is the #1 sports title for next-gen and the #3 title overall for next-gen from last fall. So we've announced a number of titles. We've said we have more titles to announce for this fiscal year and for the future. And the fact that the installed base looks sound and growing is potentially a benefit for us. As far as Rockstar goes, we've confirmed that they're hard at work on their current lineup, and we're very excited about what they have in store for next-gen systems in this fiscal year. 
Justin Post: Great. And maybe one follow-up. Will Rockstar have a presence at E3 this year? 
Karl Slatoff: Justin, it's Karl. At this point, Rockstar hasn't announced that they're going to be attending E3. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst: A couple questions, if I might. First, if you look at your lineup for this coming year, you have a very balanced portfolio of titles coming out, which is a nice thing following up a big blockbuster year with GTA. Without giving guidance beyond that, is that kind of a balanced-portfolio approach that you can have in subsequent years, where you don't have as big of swings in between the GTA years? Can you just give us a sense of you're -- how you're timing and allocating resources to have a more consistent earnings schedule? And then, as a related question, if you look at your R&D budget, including capitalized expenses, how much of that is dedicated towards new IP versus putting out new versions of a previously successful IP? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks, Daniel. Look, I think you've identified the way the year is penciling out, and it's a reflection of our strategy. So historically, what we found when we came to the company some years ago was a company that was dominated by one franchise and operated within one business model. Everyone knows what the franchise was, and the business model was you can create a game and you put in a box and you ship it and then maybe you shipped a budget edition or Game of the Year Edition, and perhaps you shipped some expansion packs. Well, in the past 7 years, we've launched a multiplicity of new franchises. The company now has 10 franchises that have each sold at least 5 million units for an individual release. And in terms of business model, we, and frankly the rest of the industry, have diversified so that we have revenue that comes after the initial release of the game that's not related just to the sale of the full game, whether that's digital or physical revenue. And we call that recurrent consumer spending. What's exciting about the coming year and subsequent years is it's sort of both of those features that we're releasing a balanced portfolio of franchises year in, year out, in addition to new intellectual property that we hope will become new franchises. And we're aggressively pursuing this new business model, which means that we make a game available physically. We make it available digitally. We make downloadable content available when it makes sense. And when it makes sense, we allow consumers to engage in the game, both in terms of gameplay and in terms of spending money. We call that recurrent consumer spending. And that's become a very powerful engine here, both creatively and economically. Of course, we start with the creative engine and then we move on to the economic engine. And Lainie can answer your question about the balance sheet. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in the R&D, the capitalized and the expensed, we haven't shared before the breakdown for new one versus old IP, but both of our labels work on new and old -- new IP and then old franchises all the time. So that's all included in that balance. 
Karl Slatoff: Again, though, I will say -- it's Karl talking. We've said this many times before that we have a very strong philosophy around that you just can't come out and just re -- and rerelease franchises over and over and over again. It's very important to us to constantly be reinvesting in new IP. And that is a stated objective of our company. We don't feel comfortable just sitting on our accomplishments and not trying to push the bar forward. Not only with them, with those franchises, but, obviously, coming up with new franchises as well. You've got to keep the pipeline going, and that's the only way to do it. 
Daniel Ernst: Good. That's great color. And if I can just have one other question. If you look at your planned split for domestic versus international, 55-45, a lot of media and Internet companies is kind of flip-flopped from that. What are the prospects of moving towards having a bigger presence overseas than you do domestically? 
Strauss Zelnick: We've already moved that number meaningfully in the past few years. And remember, that includes our sports revenue, which does tend to skew for us still towards the U.S. We've made a big push internationally by aggressively focusing on Asia. We have headquarters in Singapore and offices over much of Asia. And we mentioned the progress we've made with NBA 2K Online. So that's just one reflection of the progress we've made in the market. But international, we are a worldwide company, and international revenue should continue to increase. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: I was wondering if you might be able to give us some more color on digital that's baked into your fiscal '15 guidance. Should we be thinking, in terms of the percentage, I think about 20% of your fiscal '14 was digital or think about 18%, 19%? Is that the right way to think about it? And then, I know you had NBA 2K14 on the next-gen. Are you able to tell us what percent of your games on that game were full game downloads? What you're hearing maybe from other companies? And then lastly, in the fiscal '15 slate, the unannounced titles, can you talk to whether -- how dependent that is on AAA titles versus, I don't know, AA or more average-type titles. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of percentage of revenue attributable to digital distribution, it's a work in progress. There's no doubt, in the year when we initially launched Grand Theft Auto V, shipping 33 million units, that's a year that's going to skew the physical distribution. So as revenues are lower, one could imagine digital revenues being somewhat higher. But that remains to be seen. It depends on our release schedule and how our recurrent consumer spending develops. But I wouldn't want you to extrapolate from this past fiscal year to the subsequent fiscal year. In terms of a breakout for NBA full game downloads versus virtual currency, we haven't broken that out. And in terms of our unannounced titles, it's tempting to be flippant, saying everything we do is going to be a hit, we know that -- much as we love to say that, that isn't always the case, but it's very much our goal. And we really only work on AAA titles, and our teams only work on titles they're passionate about, and they only work on titles they believe can and will be massive hits. And we are right much more often than we're wrong. And according to Metacritic, we have the highest Metacritic scores for the past 6 years, including this past year. And that's a reflection of both that objective and the execution of the objective. That doesn't guarantee that everything we'll do in the coming year will be a hit, but that certainly is our goal. We don't have AA titles. We don't have single-A titles. We only work on AAA titles. 
Arvind Bhatia: So it is more than one AAA title, though, that's in the guidance? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the Drew Crum with Stifel. 
Andrew Crum: So I wonder if you could talk about the confidence in the fiscal 2015 positive cash flow guidance that you mentioned, Lainie. And then, separately, Strauss, could you talk about -- maybe it's better asked to the studios, but you got Evolve on new gen and Borderlands' sequel on past gen, what's the philosophy behind not making them available on both generations of systems? 
Lainie Goldstein: Drew, our outlook for fiscal '15 and going forward, where we say that we plan to be profitable on the foreseeable future, is based on a multiyear plan which tracks ongoing profitability of the company. And in '15, it also shows positive cash flow. In addition, our development pipeline, which I said that further gives us confidence in our ability to remain profitable over the long term. 
Andrew Crum: Lainie, are there any working capital items or onetime items that are influencing that guidance? 
Lainie Goldstein: Well when we look at '15, we were growing our capitalized software balance to support our exciting pipeline of titles. And then, when we look at the timing of our new releases, which is why we're, modestly, going to be down in '15. And then, that cash flow will be collected in '16, as well as the profitability ongoing in '16 will affect the overall 2-year cash flow. 
Karl Slatoff: And, Drew, it's Karl. In terms of Evolve and Borderlands for next gen, current gen. So for Evolve, this is a title we're obviously extremely excited about. We've got a lot of great press about it. There's a great buzz and there'll be some more about it on E3. And hopefully, you'll get a chance to check it out because it really is a fantastic title. And the bottom line is -- the strategy there is that, that's a next-gen game built on a next-gen engine and it's meant for next-gen. If you truly take advantage of what the game has to offer, and I think you'll understand more about that as you get to know the game better, I think you'll understand what we mean, because it really is something that we think is going to take the cooperative and competitive multiplayer to a new level. So it really fits best, the experience will be best on next-gen consoles. In terms of Borderlands, really, the opportunity there is you've got an enormous installed base. And you've got a platform where there's a lot of folks out there, they're still hungry for content. There's not a lot of other content coming out that's exclusively for -- or specifically for current-gen consoles. And we just saw a market opportunity and we think that our title fits very, very well in that regard. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim O'Shea with Jefferies. 
Timothy O'Shea: Just today, all the fiscal '15 titles are coming out of 2K. Just wondering the likelihood of seeing a Rockstar title in fiscal '15. I may have missed exactly how much full year revenue, Lainie, said to expect from Rockstar, but I think it was 45%. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We basically have said that Rockstar is hard at work on their lineup, and there's news to come for this fiscal year. And we expect Rockstar to account for about 45% of the year's revenue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Mitchell with Brean Capital. 
Yung Kim: This is Yung Kim for Todd. Just a quick question with regards to the balance sheet. There were some step-ups in both restricted cash and for accrued expenses. Could you walk us through what drove those 2? 
Lainie Goldstein: Specific cash balance of about $194 million is for payment of certain software development royalties, and those are included in our accrued expenses at the end of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Doshi with CRT Capital. 
Neil Doshi: Karl, just another question on Evolve. It's going to face probably some tough competition this fall in the shooter category. How should we think about the opportunity for this franchise? And then maybe a question for Strauss. Google and Apple are now trying to strike deals with developers for exclusivity. How do you think this impacts the industry and impacts Take-Two's business? 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Neil. So in terms of Evolve, you're right, there are a lot of products coming out this fall, and I think it's going to be a really great year for the entire industry. And in general, I think that's a really good thing because a lot of people will be in the stores and they'll be talking about games and they'll be buying a lot of games. We happen to believe that Evolve is so different and unique that the game will stand on its own. And in general, we understand that there is the notion of consumer wallet share out there, and people only have a certain amount of money that they're willing to spend on entertainment experiences. But we really don't see ourselves as specifically competitive with any other company or any other game, with the exception, perhaps, maybe in the sports business. But in general, we don't really fear the competition in that way. And we think that this game, specifically, will stand out in a crowd. And we actually like the fact that there a lot of games coming out because, again, it gets people in the stores and gets people buzzing about the industry. 
Strauss Zelnick: And -- this is Strauss. In terms of Google, Apple and others perhaps seeking developer exclusivity. Look, it remains to be seen. Our stated strategy is to make our products widely available on whatever platforms consumers are using. And we're flexible about the nature of the platform, the size of the screen, as well as the business model. So we're not really based in that way. Generally speaking, we've look for wider rather than narrower availability. If, for some reason, the business evolved differently, then we would evolve with it. But I doubt that it's going to become a business of platform exclusives, that would be costly. And it's hard to imagine that would really benefit consumers. Now the analogy is pay television. In the early days of pay television, there was an awful lot of exclusive content and exclusive deals. And pretty quickly, the pay television services determined that didn't make a whole lot of sense. So I'm skeptical that, that type of business will develop. But if it does develop that way, we will take the opportunities as we find them. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we wanted to thank you, first of all, for joining us today, and just take another moment to express gratitude to our entire team worldwide, many of whom are on the call today. We've had an amazing time of development and growth and success, driven, of course, first and foremost, by the incredible creative efforts of our teams at both Rockstar and 2K. And we're immensely grateful to the folks who show up at work every day and try to think out-of-the-box and do something that's never been done before. And we're equally grateful to our marketing, distribution and business teams who make sure that we get the very best out of those products as we market and distribute them around the world, and as we run this business in a very high-class way. And I think all those efforts are reflected in the results that you see. It's a lot of work every day, but it's work that we're passionate about and that we love. And we very much appreciate all of our shareholders' support, and we endeavor to deliver another great year for you. Thanks very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-02-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Take-Two Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two. Thank you. Sir, you may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2014 ended December 31, 2013. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 and Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2013.
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that our business continued to thrive during the fiscal third quarter, and we again delivered better-than-expected results. This was driven by robust holiday demand for Grand Theft Auto V, the record-breaking launch of NBA 2K14, the successful release of WWE 2K14 and strong growth in revenues from digitally-delivered content. 
 While others in our industry have experienced softness in current gen sales, we continue to benefit from significant demand for our titles, reflecting consumers' appetite for the highest-quality entertainment. 
 Grand Theft Auto V continues to expand its audience around the world, demonstrating how Rockstar Games have taken their series in our industry to new heights for innovation and excellence. Upon release, the title shattered entertainment records, selling through $800 million in 24 hours and over $1 billion in only 3 days and it was the best-selling video game of 2013, according to the NPD group.
 To-date, Grand Theft Auto V has sold-in more than 32.5 million units worldwide and demand remains high as millions of consumers enrich their experience through the dynamic and evolving world of Grand Theft Auto Online, which I'll discuss in more detail shortly. The success of Grand Theft Auto V is only part of Rockstar Games' unparalleled track record. To-date, the label has sold-in nearly 250 million games worldwide across multiple hit series.
 2K built upon their legacy of delivering the highest-rated and top-selling basketball video game with their current next-gen releases of NBA 2K14. The title has become the fastest-selling release in history of our NBA 2K franchise, with sell-in to-date of more than 5 million units across console and PC. I'd like to congratulate the team at Visual Concepts, who simultaneously created 2 outstanding products for current and next-gen platforms.
 Our WWE franchise has quickly proven to be a successful addition to our portfolio. Sales of WWE 2K14 have exceeded our expectations, and the title is being supported with add-on content, including the Season Pass, featuring many of fan-favorite WWE superstars and legends. We believe there's a meaningful opportunity to grow this series by further leveraging 2K's marketing power and development expertise.   
 Revenue from digitally-delivered content grew 42% year-over-year to $132.8 million. Nearly half that revenue was derived from recurrent consumer spending, including virtual currency, add-on content and online gaming. Creating opportunities to drive ongoing engagement with our titles after release is a key strategic focus for our company and is becoming an important driver of additional revenue and profits. It also helps to strengthen our results between frontline releases, while providing additional entertainment to consumers.
 Approximately 70% of consumers who've played Grand Theft Auto V while connected to the Internet have played Grand Theft Auto online since its launch on October 1. As a result, Grand Theft Auto Online was the single-largest contributor to our digitally-delivered revenue in the third quarter. While it's still early, we're highly enthusiastic about the future of Grand Theft Auto Online, as its global audience continues to grow.
 Online play contributed to the success of NBA 2K13, and we're seeing continued growth with this year's release of NBA 2K14. The majority of NBA 2K14 fans are actively engaged in online connected experiences, including multiplayer gaming. In particular, consumers are buying virtual currency to customize their players with clothing and abilities and are also forming teams with friends to play in online competitions.
 Add-on content is also a key component of recurring consumer spending. During the third quarter, we released successful downloadable content for BioShock Infinite, Borderlands 2, Sid Meier's Civilization V and WWE 2K14. 
 Borderlands 2 is a prime example of how we're able to generate substantial revenue and profits from add-on content over an extended period. In the 16 months following the title's launch, we released 9 substantial downloadable offerings, dozens of smaller character customizations and we plan to release more downloadable content in the coming months. This is in addition to package goods, add-on packs and, most recently, a Game of the Year Edition. The popularity of add-on content for Borderlands 2 is an important contributor to the title's becoming the highest selling release in the history of 2K with more than 8.5 million units sold-in to-date.
 Our online projects in Asia, particularly NBA 2K Online in China, are also generating growth and recurrent consumer spending and contributing to our results. We'll continue to focus on developing additional offerings to promote engagement with our titles beyond initial release. This will both deepen our relationships with consumers and boost revenue and profits over time. 
 In addition to recurrent consumer spending, full game downloads across console, PC and mobile platforms contributed to the growth in our revenue from digitally-delivered content. During the third quarter, Rockstar Games released Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas for a variety of mobile platforms, including iOS and Android. Our ability to bring our popular catalog titles to mobile platforms enable us to grow our audience and generate incremental revenue and profits with modest development costs and virtually no marketing spend.
 As I've said many times before, being good is simply no longer good enough. To succeed in our industry, one must aspire to and deliver greatness. Our positive momentum over the past year speaks to our focus on consistently delivering hits. I'm particularly proud that Take-Two was the top video game publisher of 2013 according to the NPD group. This is a tremendous achievement, and I'd like to congratulate Rockstar Games, 2K and our entire Take-Two team for making this happen.
 Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with cash of almost $1 billion. We are committed to driving long-term shareholder value, including by returning capital to our investors. To that end, we repurchased $277 million of our stock during the third quarter. We'll continue to explore ways to create value through capital deployment, both by investing to grow our business and potentially returning additional cash to shareholders. 
 As a result of our better-than-expected third-quarter results, we're increasing our full year outlook for fiscal 2014, which is poised to be a record year for our company. We projected non-GAAP net revenue of nearly $2.4 billion and earnings of more than $4 per share.
 Looking ahead, we have a robust pipeline for both new intellectual properties and offerings from our proven franchises and development, including more than 10 unique titles for the next-generation consoles. We believe that the initial success of Xbox One and PlayStation 4 bodes well for our industry and foreshadows what promises to be a vibrant hardware cycle. In addition to capitalizing on these new consoles, we're continuing to invest prudently in emerging platforms and business models that complement our core focus.
 With a proven strategy, world-class creative teams, the strongest portfolio of owned intellectual property in our industry, cutting-edge technology and unwavering commitment to quality and a solid financial foundation, we are positioned to deliver non-GAAP profits in fiscal 2015 and every year for the foreseeable future. We're committed to delivering value for our customers and returns for our shareholders over the long term. 
 I will now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll provide an update on our development pipeline. With Grand Theft Auto V, Rockstar Games has redefined the term blockbuster not just for gaming but also for the entire entertainment industry. And since its launch in October, millions of consumers have engrossed themselves in Grand Theft Auto Online, which has quickly become a living, breathing universe that continues to grow. In addition to new Gameplay and in-game items released by Rockstar Games, the creator tools enabled players to enhance their game play experience by developing their own content. Through this functionality, the player community has already created and published over 2 million death matches and races. Consumers can look forward to more content from Grand Theft Auto Online in the future.
 In addition to supporting Grand Theft Auto Online, Rockstar Games plans to release substantial, story-driven, downloadable add-on content for Grand Theft Auto V. We'll have more to say about this in the coming months. 
 For those who have not yet experienced the award-winning Sid Meier's Civilization V or XCOM: Enemy Unknown from Firaxis Games, 2K will launch complete editions for each title for the PC. Featuring the full game plus all previously released add-on content, these editions represent a terrific value for consumers and another example of how we extend the lives of our franchises over time. 
 We're also pursuing new opportunities to leverage our successful catalog offerings. 2K recently entered into a partnership with Bethesda to create 2 bundles featuring each publishers' renowned titles in a single package. On February 11, 2K will release the Borderlands 2 & Dishonored bundle and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and BioShock Infinite bundle, each available for the Xbox 360, PS3 and PC.
 Also coming up, 2K will support BioShock Infinite with the release of BioShock Infinite: Burial at Sea Part 2, the second add-on campaign set in the underwater city of Rapture before its fall. 
 As mentioned by Strauss, we have a strong development pipeline, including more than 10 unique titles for next-generation consoles with multiple releases planned for fiscal year 2015. Last month, 2K and Turtle Rock Studios, creators of the cooperative shooter classic, Left 4 Dead, unveiled Evolve, an exciting new intellectual property that is poised to be a generation defining multiplayer experience. Evolve, which will be available this fall for Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC, expertly blends cooperative and competitive multiplayer experiences as a team of 4 hunters face off against a player-controlled monster. Set on a futuristic deadly alien planet, gamers hunt their prey in adrenaline-pumping 4-versus-1 matches. Players will experience Evolve as either a first-person shooter when playing cooperatively with the 4 hunters or in the third person when playing as the monster, providing unique Gameplay experience. 
 2K has kicked off the pre-order campaign for Evolve, featuring the Monster Expansion Pack, which includes the Savage Goliath skin at launch and the new monster character as soon as it becomes available after the game's released. 
 In addition, during fiscal 2015, consumers can look forward to exciting next-generation releases from our NBA 2K and WWE franchises, as well as other unannounced titles that promise to raise the bar for excellence. We'll have more to share about our titles in development throughout the next several months as we head into E3. 
 As we enter the final month of fiscal year 2014, we're proud of our accomplishments and proven ability to set new standards for creativity and innovation. Looking forward, we are more enthusiastic than ever about our outlook to continue to deliver our industry's most groundbreaking products, which will translate into revenue and profits for our shareholders.
 In closing, I'd like to join Strauss in thanking all of our colleagues for their contributions to our continued success. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the fiscal third quarter and then discuss our updated outlook for fiscal 2014 and our initial outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. 
 Starting with our results for the fiscal third quarter. Net revenue increased 90% to $767.7 million. This exceeded our outlook range of $650 million to $700 million due primarily to the continued success of Grand Theft Auto V, the record-breaking launch of NBA 2K14 and the strong performance of Grand Theft Auto Online. 
 Revenue from digitally-delivered content grew 42% year-over-year and accounted for $132.8 million of net revenue. The largest contributors were the Grand Theft Auto series, the NBA 2K franchise and offerings for Borderlands 2 and BioShock Infinite.
 Catalog sales accounted for $113 million of net revenue led by Borderlands 2, the Grand Theft Auto franchise, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, BioShock Infinite and Civilization V. 
 Gross margin decreased 3.4 percentage points to 44.7% due primarily to higher internal royalties. 
 Operating expenses were approximately $127 million, up by about $60 million due primarily to higher marketing expenses to support our third quarter releases, continued marketing spend for Grand Theft Auto V and higher personnel expenses due to our increased headcount. 
 Interest and other expense was $0.7 million. And non-GAAP net income was $210.7 million or $1.70 per share as compared to $78.8 million or $0.67 per share in fiscal third quarter 2013. This exceeded our outlook range of $1.20 to $1.35 per share due primarily to our better-than-expected results from operations.
 On a GAAP basis, we reported revenue of $1.86 billion and net income from continuing operations of $578.4 million or $4.69 per share. 
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet. At December 31, 2013 as compared to September 30, 2013, our cash balance increased to $972.2 million. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to $189.5 million, primarily reflecting collection of receivables associated with the launch of Grand Theft Auto V near the end of the second quarter. 
 Inventory decreased to $45 million, primarily due to the launch of NBA 2K14 in early October and shipments for replenishment orders of Grand Theft Auto V. 
 And software development costs and licenses decreased to $193.8 million, reflecting the amortization of development costs for our fiscal 2014 releases. 
 Now we'll review our financial outlook for the full year and fourth quarter fiscal 2014, which is all provided on a non-GAAP basis. We're increasing our financial outlook for fiscal 2014, primarily to reflect our strong third quarter results and lower share count due to our repurchase of 16.24 million shares in November. We now expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $2.35 -- $2.35 billion to $2.38 billion and non-GAAP net income to range from $4.15 per share to $4.25 per share. These would be record results for our company.
 Turning to the details of our full year outlook. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 70% from Rockstar Games and 30% from 2K. We expect the geographic revenue split to be about 50% United States and 50% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to remain approximately flat from the prior year. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 10% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. We project interest and other expense of approximately $11 million, tax expense of about $14 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 121 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 84 million, 11 million participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the "if-converted" method of accounting.
 Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter fiscal 2014. We expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $170 million to $200 million and non-GAAP net income to range from breakeven to $0.10 per share. The majority of our revenue in the fourth quarter is expected to come from NBA 2K14, Grand Theft Auto V, Grand Theft Auto Online, Borderlands 2 and WWE 2K14.
 We expect fourth quarter gross margins in the low 50s. Total operating expenses are expected to decrease by approximately 16% [ph] from the prior year's fourth quarter, driven primarily by lower selling and marketing expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 16% [ph] of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. 
 Our fourth quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million, tax expense of about $1 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 115 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 77 million, 12 million participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the "if-converted" method of accounting. 
 To-date, Take-Two stands on its strongest financial foundation in the history of our company. This was achieved through our ability to balance leading-edge creative endeavors with a disciplined approach to capital investment. We are confident that our continued focus will enable Take-Two to deliver profits and returns for our shareholders over the long term. Of course, none of this would be possible without the hard work of our entire team, who I'd like to thank for their dedication to the company. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our associates for their ongoing commitment to excellence. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Can you talk a little bit about -- or, kind of, remind us what you said about the GTA Online usage? I think you said 70% of the people who are online connected have played online, repeat that. And then, what are people doing in there and paying for so far? And what's your outlook going forward? 
Karl Slatoff: Justin, it's Karl. We've got -- what we said is, there's 70% of the folks who are playing -- have played the game with an Internet connection have played 2K Online. 
Justin Post: Okay. And those that are paying, what are they paying for currently and how do you see the opportunity going forward? 
Karl Slatoff: Well, first of all, we're very optimistic we'll have the opportunity. Things are going very well, and we're very happy with the -- with how things are going in GTA Online. A lots of great content out there already and a lot of great content on its way. So we are -- we obviously have a great -- a very positive outlook for the future. In terms of what they're doing online, I would have expected that you would have played it by now. But otherwise, there are a lot of different ways that you can enjoy the content online. There are pre-determined death matches, the -- your standard death match, your races. In terms of buying, we have the GTA cash packs. So in order to experience some of the game, you can buy cash packs and that allows you to unlock to certain content, items that you can buy, et cetera. So it's a standard online transaction model that you would see. 
Justin Post: Okay. Great. And then, when you think about your big franchises moving them to mobile over time, how much untapped opportunity do you see for the company? 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't really distinguish between mobile and nonmobile. Our view is that a platform that a consumer wants to use to experience the best interactive entertainment is good for us. And the only question is what are the processing limitations or graphic limitations, which is why we put out some of our older titles on tablet, but not as many of our newer titles because of the processing limitations or the power of those tablets as they currently exist. If you believe in Moore's Law and I do, then you believe that tablets will be tantamount to PCs pretty soon and I have every reason to believe that if that's where people want to consume video games, that's where we'll be. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research. 
James Hardiman: So just to circle back to the last couple of questions on GTA Online. You had a couple of starts and stops with respect to the online currency for GTA Online. Do you think that you've made up for any sort of lost revenue? And can you just take us through the timing of that, when that went sort of back online? Was that towards the end of the quarter? And is there maybe some catch-up to happen here in the March quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, I've made it plain that we have been learning as we go along in this area, and our primary goal is to delight consumers and create a great experience. As you know, GTA Online is a free-to-play experience, and there's opportunities for recurrent consumer spending within the game, no obligation, of course. But we've sold-in 32.5 million units of Grand Theft Auto V. We've enjoyed an extraordinary economic result. But the starting point for that economic result is delighting consumers, giving them a fantastic experience and that's our focus in GTA Online. And the reason that we offer an opportunity to spend money in the game is that's coordinated with a great experience. We're not making decisions in order to extract value, we're making decisions to delight consumers and that includes creating value. Yes, we had some issues with the currency. Those issues have been addressed, and we're not really focused on whether there's a catch-up or anything of the sort. As long as people keep loving GTA Online, it's going to be great for us. 
James Hardiman: Great. And then, I guess, along those same lines, I don't know how much you're sort of querying your user base or following any sort of metrics, that would just maybe give us some insights, whatever color you might have with respect to just how sustainable you think this GTA Online experience can be. Maybe through the release of other high-octane games that have come out within the industry, did we see a drop in the number of people that were online? How long can this go? 
Strauss Zelnick: James, it's -- I'm so thrilled to be asked to answer how high is up question because it's sort of novel for us around here. Look, we're thrilled. We're just thrilled, and we know we certainly are following metrics very carefully and we're growing our expertise everyday. But we made it plain that we prefer to expend resources after we see revenues, not before. It's protected us greatly. We are very disciplined, and that means we are learning as we go. But the watchword here is about delighting consumers and keeping them engaged, not about monetization. The monetization comes with the engagement. My own view is, I feel very, very optimistic about GTA Online and I think there's plenty more opportunity and we've made no bones about the fact that we have expectations for GTA Online in the fourth quarter, for example. So clearly, we have expectations going forward, but we're not at a point yet where we want to share the metrics. 
James Hardiman: Very helpful. And I guess, just last question, Strauss. I mean, the performance of your company over the past 6 months, certainly, since GTA has come out, has been through the roof. Hopefully, tomorrow will be a different story. But your stock has been essentially sideways over that time. I guess, you'd be surprised that your stock hasn't done more. It seems like you've gotten out a lot more and talked to investors. What would they like to see to reward your shares more commensurately with your performance? And I guess, are there 2 ways to skin this cat? I mean, you're sitting here with cash that represents half the market cap of your company. What's on tap? What could you potentially do to get people more excited about the shares just given your cash position? 
Strauss Zelnick: We -- I've never met a CEO who didn't think his or her stock was undervalued, and we're not in the business of pumping stock. We're in the business of trying to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient entertainment company that exists. And I'm really proud of it in the last several years, every year, we've launched a new multimillion unit selling franchise. I'm really proud that we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business. I'm incredibly gratified that I believe we have the top collection of creative talent within our 4 walls and that they seem to be happy to work here and, moreover, that they love following their passions. And that  -- the collection of that strategy and that execution, as Lainie said, has yielded an extraordinary financial result. And we sit here today, once again, beating our guidance for the sixth quarter in a row, once again increasing our outlook now to $4.15 to $4.25 a share. I sit here with the ability to say in confidence that we expect to be profitable in the next fiscal year on a non-GAAP basis and profitable on an ongoing basis for the foreseeable future. And finally, we have nearly $1 billion in cash. And based on the way we account for our convert, one could argue that from the context of no debt, since we account for our converted notes returned in equity. That's an amazing place to be in what is a relatively short time since we came to this party. And we're immensely grateful for it. What do I surmise? I mean, look, sometimes, the market takes a long time to come to a view of where we are and where we're going. And once I asked one of our very sophisticated investors why the stock had gone down and he said to me, "More sellers than buyers." So I'm convinced that if we keep executing on this vision and our entire team stays focused on what they're passionate about and we all work really, really hard, I'm convinced that there will be a narrowing gap between our reality and how the market sees us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: A couple of questions for you. With regards to GTA Online, you said 70% who have played with Internet connection have played GTA Online. Just curious, what percentage of that 70% are you -- have actually been monetized with some type of microtransaction? And then, secondly, with regards to your balance sheet, let's -- if you just look at it from a net cash perspective and let's treat the converts as debt, you've got over $500 million of cash. Is there a certain amount of cash that you want on hand at all time for operational purposes? And when I look -- it looks like you really didn't buy back any more stock after the announcement that you made in late November about repurchasing the Icahn shares and then 4-point [ph] some odd million shares in the open market. Have you bought any since that time? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We're not talking about the percent that have monetized. We're not disclosing those metrics, and that's primarily because they're still a work in progress. In terms of the balance sheet, there absolutely is a based amount of cash on hand in the several hundred million dollar range to make sure that we can continue to make and market the highest quality products without regard to the fact that now and things don't go our way. We're very fortunate that we've been profitable a lot lately and we've been able to be profitable in multiple years without a frontline release of Grand Theft Auto, and that was our stated strategy. And of course, when we do have a frontline release of Grand Theft Auto, we've been very fortunate with those results as well. So it's been a lot of good news around here. But not everything always goes our way. We have had disappointing releases, and we are a pure play entertainment company and there's an element of volatility baked into that. And the ability to play another day, the ability to bet on your releases, the ability to spend a good deal of money in development and marketing is highly correlated with success in entertainment, which is why across all entertainment content businesses, and I've been involved with all of them over the course of my career, the rich get richer if they can keep delivering. And we're -- I'm fond of saying, you've heard me say it before, arrogance is the enemy of continued success. We don't take anything for granted. We don't claim continued success as a matter of right. Our team -- honestly, when I talk to our creative folks about how wonderful our Metacritic rating was or how great something went, inevitably, what they explain to me is not how great they are. But first, they tell me that it was the team's responsibility, not theirs. They disclaim responsibility because that's our culture. And then the second thing they do is point out the things that didn't go as well as they wanted and the areas that we need to improve in. And it's that culture that I think protects us -- but even so, now and then we get things wrong and we need to be protected so our team can always feel safe in investing behind their passions and can feel safe in marketing our products in the highest class way possible. In terms of capital in excess of that amount, and I think we agree we have that now, we do have some converts out there. It's nice to have some flexibility in terms of redemption, even though we account for them as though they'll be redeemed in equity. And we have purchased $277 million of stock. And, no, we have no new announcements on that since those purchases. And we've made no bones about the fact that we'd be very interested in highly accretive M&A. And let me emphasize highly accretive. And by that, I do not meet speculatively, so I mean actually. So there, we'll continue to grow organically in a disciplined way. We are -- given that we are in a high-risk business, we are very focused on risk mitigation. We are focused on, in a measured way, looking for strategic opportunities to grow inorganically and we absolutely have our eyes wide open about returning more capital to the shareholders. 
Eric Handler: Okay. And then, just one quick follow-up question. When you look at a successful title or any of your titles and the DLC that you've launched above and beyond that, I wondered if you could just give a range of sort of the incremental upside that you get from a franchise above and beyond the physical release on average sort of what that looks like? 
Strauss Zelnick: It is a general focus. We haven't given out more color because the numbers are all over the place. As you'd imagine, it sounds sort of obvious, but it's worth mentioning. The more successful the original release, the more successful the downloadable content, the more important recurrent consumer spending becomes for the title. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I just had one quick one here. On Evolve, you provided some details on the game. But can you maybe give us some idea if this is really going to become the one big non-recurring title that you plan to launch in 2014? 
Karl Slatoff: I'm sorry. What do you mean by non-recurring title? 
Michael Olson: As in like NBA 2K as an annual title? 
Karl Slatoff: Oh, I see. Well, we -- like we said before, we've announced that we've got unannounced titles in development at this point. We haven't given any other disclosure, but that -- obviously, that is one large that one that we've announced for the year. But other than that, we've got nothing more to say. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst: Two questions, if I might. One, if you look across the cycle that's pretty much just done, although GTA is keeping the current cycle going for those gamers, what percentage of your revenues over the course of the last cycle came from GTA? And given -- compared to the last cycle when you didn't have a BioShock or Borderlands and didn't have a successful -- a Red Dead, can you kind of give us a scale of how that distribution changed cycle-to-cycle and where it might go in the new one? And then, secondly, Strauss, relative to your comments on making accretive M&A, if you look over the last 4 or 5 years, there's been a lot of M&A in video game land, and I think most people would agree that not a lot of it has been accretive, at least, not for very long. As you look at opportunities and given your experience in broader media, would a deal have to be in video games itself or might you look to broaden the scope of what take Take-Two does in terms of the mediums it serves? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We don't have the numbers in front of us in sort of comparing this launch and our other titles to the last launch GTA IV and other titles. It will be very hard to do that apples-to-apples because, obviously, it's not as though we have all the release schedules of all the titles in lockstep. We do have a lot more big franchises today than we had when we launched GTA IV, and we're very grateful for that because, as I said, we launched at least 1 new intellectual property that sold millions of units every year since 2007, I believe. So I think you can safely assume that the percentage is lower now than it was before. But beyond that, I don't think we can give much color. In terms of M&A, look, you're 100% right. The track record of the industry is not wonderful, although Activision has done some very clever transactions I would argue and their stock price reflects that. But across the board, it hasn't been a pretty story, and we just don't believe in pie in the sky. We barely believe pie right in front of us unless we're eating it. So I think the answer is, strategy really matters, execution may matter more than strategy. And would we contemplate other forms of digital entertainment in addition to pure video game entertainment? We would contemplate that. But beyond that, we don't have much else to say now and certainly nothing to announce. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird & Company. 
Colin Sebastian: First off, if you can provide any perspective on the efforts required to bring a franchise like GTA V over onto other platforms, if that's more or less a traditional port or does Rockstar have somewhat higher standards that require something more in-depth in terms of extensions? And then, on the digital strategy, I know as a content company, you have to decide how much infrastructure and servers and networking to build yourselves versus relying on others -- in your case like Sony and Microsoft. So my question is, looking ahead based on your experiences to-date, do your platform partners have those pieces to serve your content as you'd like to your customers? Or do you foresee any need to build any additional infrastructure to support your particular online initiatives? 
Strauss Zelnick: We're going to leave it to our labels to talk about what happens with their properties going forward. We think that's -- I know, at times, on these calls, people would like me to talk much more about upcoming releases and sometimes there's some frustration that we don't. The truth is, though, we're trying to provide as much transparency as we can to our shareholders and leave the marketing decisions and the marketing announcements to our labels because that's the way we maximize our sales. So once again, Rockstar will make appropriate announcements about their releases as they come, as will 2K. And as they make those announcements then of course we'll reference them here, but let me emphasize that we feel very optimistic about our outlook going forward and very encouraged by the results we've had to-date. In terms of infrastructure, look, the world is going to resources that are outsourced and cloud computing, and that's hardly a secret. And we have 0 interest in building out massive facilities and expending a great deal of money on CapEx. I don't expect that we'll see very significant CapEx investment. I think the bulk of our needs will be handled by third parties, whether that's our hardware partners or other third parties that help provide the capacity to have us meet consumers where they are. But, no, we're not building call centers, data centers or server farms. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: First one for Lainie. Lainie, cash and accounts receivable at $1.2 billion, accrued expenses at about $600 million, I assume most of that are the internal royalties. What does that look like by the end of the fiscal year? Because I'm basically just trying to get a sense of really what the net cash looks like. And then if you talk about -- are you going to be cash flow positive for '15? And then, Strauss or Karl, just in general, do you expect any meaningful changes in the overall business model with Microsoft and Sony this gen? Or will the business model really basically look like last gen? 
Lainie Goldstein: For the cash flow for the remainder of this year, we see that we'll be cash flow neutral. We're not giving out guidance for '15 yet, so we're not giving our cash flow expectation for that period either. Overall, the balance sheet also, we don't give out projections on the balance sheet, but it should be in line with how the P&L flows for the next quarter. 
Karl Slatoff: And, Ben, it's Karl. First of all, we are thrilled with the launch of the next-gen consoles. We're very, very excited about how things are going right now, as I know Microsoft and Sony are. In terms of changes in business models between us, I don't anticipate anything meaningful at all. 
Benjamin Schachter: And if I can [ph] follow-up with one, maybe for  Strauss. Assuming that Google, Amazon and Apple continue to press forward with their digital media initiatives and very likely that they'll have their own box as they get more content for television screens, how does that impact how you think about the business? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's all good news because more distribution to consumers on a multiplicity of devices is a good thing, and we have reason to believe that it's going to be easier and easier to develop in a way that we can be readily available without too much porting expense across the multiplicity of platforms. If it costs money to port and of course it does, then we have to make an economic decision based on who we think we're going to find at the other end, and that's a balancing act. We have invested heavily behind both Microsoft and Sony. It looks like, as Karl said, that's going to pay off and is beginning to pay off. We're thrilled about that. But our goal is to be where the consumer is and to be utterly ecumenical about other people's platforms as long as the economic model is reasonable. So I think the answer is, we intend to be everywhere. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Crum with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Andrew Crum: So I noticed that Evolve has not been announced for old gen systems. And I think, in your prepared remarks, you noted the NBA 2K and WWE 2K would be available on new gen. Is that any indication as to your plans to support old gen going forward? And then, the second question pertains to GTA V. There's been a lot of scuttlebutt or speculation that it will be available on PC shortly. Not asking for a forecast on that, but can you give us some context history with GTA prior titles on the PC? 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. In terms of the old gen versus new gen question, I would say that any of our announcements that we've made to-date don't necessarily reflect our plans. Whether something is going to be specifically for next gen or old gen, it really is more a function of what we've announced that -- what platforms we've announced that they're going to be on at this point. So we haven't really -- we haven't said anything about Evolve, but for next gen platforms, we haven't said anything about our NBA titles, but for next gen platforms -- or sports titles, but for next gen platforms. But that doesn't necessarily mean that we're not going on current gen, as we are going on current gen. It's not related at this point. It just means we haven't had anything to share. In terms of GTA V, either -- I think you asked about PC? 
Andrew Crum: Correct, yes. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, yes. At this point, we -- there's really nothing for us to say about that. We haven't announced anything as it relates to any other platforms versus what's out there. 
Andrew Crum: Okay. Karl, just trying to get a sense as to how it's performed on PC with prior durations, not -- again, not asking for a release date... 
Karl Slatoff: You're talking about GTA IV? 
Andrew Crum: Correct. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, it's been a very strong PC title. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Doshi with CRT Capital. 
Neil Doshi: 56% of your revenue came from international this quarter. I think it's the highest we've seen in years. Can you provide any color as to what drove that strong international sales and how material was NBA 2K China? And then, on GTA Online, any thoughts on eventually making that a mobile opportunity just in order to keep people engaged in the franchise when they're away from their consoles or big screens? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The average selling price translated into U.S. dollars is higher outside the U.S. than inside the U.S. So we'd certainly benefit from that. We also benefit from our strategy to make sure that our international distribution is very strong worldwide. Years ago, we made a big push into Asia, built our headquarters in Singapore and we're reaping the benefits of that. And obviously, with the sales of GTA V, we're seeing a benefit internationally. We also have seen a lot of growth from Latin America, and we're pleased with that. So we continue to focus on building our international business, and these results are very gratifying. In terms of mobile opportunities, again, we don't really distinguish between mobile and fixed. We don't distinguish between tablet and PC. We don't distinguish between console and PC and tablet. We do distinguish between screen size, small, medium and large, because they accommodate different experiences. And we have our own limitations based on a platforms' technical ability to serve our needs and consumers' needs. But beyond that, we're utterly ecumenical. And with regard specifically to GTA, I'm sorry, we said it before, we're not talking about other releases yet. And we're going to leave it to Rockstar to have those discussions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: Just curious on mobile, Strauss, and it feels like there's a lot of value-creation opportunity there for you. I know you've kind of experimented with premium, I think, successfully. But it feels like kind of free-to-play is the answer here. You're definitely seeing some games achieve some tremendous at best [ph]  In the market and I think more to come. Also, it seems like you're a big bull there. So in just thinking about kind of your IP cash, the development of talent that you have and maybe that you acquire seems like a no-brainer here to be more aggressive on the mobile side. So I was just hoping if you can kind of share with us your strategic vision on how you see mobile and how impactful it can be for you in the future. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I don't want to confuse mobile with free-to-play model because you could have -- in China, you have a free-to-play model on PCs, obviously, which are largely wired. Certainly, free-to-play is a relatively common model for iPad and smartphone, but there's also a pay-to-play model on iPad and smartphone. So I don't think mobile is the difference that makes a difference. I think the business model shifts depending on the geography, depending on the title, depending on what a consumer wants. So we sold GTA V for -- as a packaged good. We sold it as a digitally-downloadable title. We've made GTA Online available free-to-play, and there's an opportunity to spend money inside the game. For NBA 2K China Online, it's free to play and there's an opportunity to spend money within the game. So our business model reflects the title, the geography and what consumers want. Whether it's mobile or wired, is of no consequence. 
Michael Hickey: I mean, mobile appears to be a hyper-growth market and is it something that you plan to put more resources toward? I mean, I think part of the problem of the evaluation is that on a lot of people's minds, they're still stuck to the console and I think for the most part, the majority of performance is console-driven. But you look at the trends that are shaping our future, mobile is a big part of them. So do you expect to put more resources there? I mean, is this something that you look for in M&A? Any other thoughts would be appreciated. 
Strauss Zelnick: Again, I don't -- I think I view mobile differently than you do, Mike, because the content isn't mobile, the content can be anywhere. The question is, how heavy is it? What kind of processing power is required for the graphics and the game play? And right now, we don't have the ability to take a game that we put on current -- what is now current-gen consoles and put it onto an iPad because an iPad doesn't have the processing power to allow that. But I'm a believer that it will. And when it does, I have every reason to believe that we'll support that with current releases because that's history of what we've done. Right now, we're putting up some of our older titles on iPad and other form -- other tablets because they support the titles, and we're able to delight consumers and make money as we do it. I'm a big bull on where mobile platforms are going, and I think they're great entertainment platforms. If they can support what we do creatively, then we'll be there. And if they can't, then we have to wait until they can. If you're asking can we create experiences specifically for mobile? We've done that as well with limited success, frankly. So if what you're saying is you think that we ought to be more tuned to companies that create lighter experience specifically for what current mobile platforms can do. For example, Zynga just bought a company, NaturalMotion, that does that. They do what some people call mid-core experiences. And I have no quarrel with NaturalMotion or with the strategy. But I think the answer is, from our point of view, is there an opportunity that makes sense to do that and does it fit with our DNA? And I know so far the stuff that we -- the bespoke [ph] stuff that we've done for these lighter platforms has had -- has enjoyed limited success. 
Michael Hickey: Fair enough. Last question, if I can. The kind of perception -- at least my perception that as you have these next-gen early adopters and obviously, it's been a big success here initially out of the gate that maybe they're leaving the online play experience in GTA as they upgrade the console experience and maybe that impact is not as significant right now because there's really a lack of quality content. But are you seeing -- and I know you're hesitant to share engagement. But I mean, is that reasonable to expect that as people upgrade that they're not playing on prior gen machines? 
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we were selling PS2 products until very recently. If you have great quality titles, it's remarkable how long people will continue to consume them. I know some of our competitors have expressed that they've seen a big falloff in what is now old gen catalog, but we've made it plain that we haven't seen such a falloff and that's reflected in our very strong third quarter results, where our catalog performed as well. So I think you're right, as these new platforms gain momentum, we hope they will, software is made available for them, a lot of consumers will turn their attention to that. And that's why we have more than 10 titles in development for these new platforms and why we're so very enthusiastic and optimistic about our future. Equally, we remain very enthusiastic about our catalog, which continues to sell more units per SKU than anyone else's catalog over time. Why is that? Because we have the highest-quality in the business, according to Metacritic, for the past 5 years. And we don't rest on our laurels. We know that's the past 5 years. We got to do it every day, and we take that mission very seriously indeed. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets. 
Edward Williams: Just a couple of, first of all, some quick questions. Lainie, can you just clarify that the rise that we saw in accrued expenses, is that related to internal royalties or is there something else that's driving that increase? 
Lainie Goldstein: I can't confirm the exact details if the account, but it was to do with certain items for compensation -- for our incentive compensation plan as well as other items that would have been driven from the top line of the quarter. 
Edward Williams: Okay. And then, how much of your cash is onshore? 
Lainie Goldstein: 60% is in the U.S. and 40% is international. 
Edward Williams: And then, the last one of these questions, I was looking at headcount at quarter end, where was that number? 
Lainie Goldstein: We had a total of 2,500 employees at the end of the quarter and 1,800 -- approximately 1,800 were development employees. 
Edward Williams: Okay. And then, Strauss, just to look at your kind of perspective that you should be maintaining profitability in fiscal year '15 and beyond, can you comment a little bit about what's driving that view? Is it your kind of knowledge about cost control in that time period? Is it your visibility around revenue? Kind of, what's driving that comfort level at this point? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, as you'd imagine, it's our pipeline in development, our anticipated release schedule, the cost related to development, the cost related to marketing and the expectations of performance within a range. And of course, there's a degree of additional cushion provided by our views as to our catalog and for current consumer spending related to releases that are already in the marketplace. 
Edward Williams: Okay. And then, your thoughts about the kind of transition that we're seeing right now. Obviously, you've commented that you're pretty enthusiastic about the adoption rate of the new consoles. But what's your perspective about the health of the retailers and kind of the retailer inventory levels? 
Strauss Zelnick: We haven't had any issues with our retailers at all. They remain our most important channel partner. And there were some issues in the U.K. some time ago, but it's been a relatively robust and quiet marketplace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. 
Brian Fitzgerald: Following the same line of questioning on the next gen consoles, can you give us a sense of the percentage of users that are downloading full games versus buying at retail? And then, current gen versus next gen, are you seeing any behavioral differences in terms of engagement or tie-ratios or willingness to download DLC, et cetera? 
Strauss Zelnick: It's -- Brian, it's too early for us to have a view on that because, remember, there's a relatively small population of what is now this new generation of consoles out there, and we wouldn't seek to make those comparisons yet. But in any case we don't run our business based on that data, it doesn't tell us anything. We can know a tie-ratio, but it doesn't change our behavior. 
Brian Fitzgerald: Okay. And then, really quickly. It's going to be early, too, but any early impacts or signals you're seeing from demand in China from the console standpoint? 
Strauss Zelnick: Way too early to say. I mean, there are no consoles launched there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: Just a pretty quick one. You mentioned you have a lot of story-based GTA V content in development. Can you just say whether your March quarter guidance contemplates any of that being released in the March quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We haven't given any color on that. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Larry Haverty with GAMCO Investors. 
Lawrence Haverty: It seems to me the market -- looking at the way the stock is acting, the market is penalizing you for these converts and they're kind of extraordinary instruments. Could you walk through when they are able to be converted and the conversion price at this point? And then, I have a follow-up on that. 
Lainie Goldstein: The first convert that we have in the market is the $250 million line [ph] matures on December 2016; and the second one, $287 million, matures in July of 2018. 
Lawrence Haverty: And what's -- what are the coupons on those right now? 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, the strike price on the first one is $19.09 and the strike on the second one is $21.52. 
Lawrence Haverty: So you have the ability right now, if you were to -- I'm not sure where these things are trading, take away almost 30% of the common shares for basically half of the cash. And that would seem to me to be an extraordinarily good trade because the way the accounting is, it's very hard for someone to economically figure out whether the share count is 84 million or 125 million. It's a huge gap between actual shares outstanding in the quarter and the potential dilution using the "if-converted" method. And I think it's wreaking havoc on the way investors are valuing your stock. And the idea that these converts have an economic purpose given the cash position and efficient capital allocation, I think, is a bit presumptuous. Could you discuss these issues? 
Strauss Zelnick: We have -- there are obviously limitations in our ability to redeem before a certain period of time that's built into the indenture, as you know, Larry. But we do back out the number of shares, I think Lainie quoted 26 million of shares [indiscernible] tied to it. So you can easily back that out of the weighted average shares and... 
Lainie Goldstein: Right, and also, you had asked -- sorry, the coupon on them is 1.75% on the first one and 1% on the second one. 
Strauss Zelnick: They were highly efficient capital instruments when we launched them, and I greatly respect your view of the market and how the market sees the converts. I think they still represent a very positive source of capital to the company. But in any case, they're rather low-coupon instruments with rather high -- in the case of the second one -- strike prices compared to the current market price in the case of the second one. And of course, when we launched the first convert, it was significantly higher than the stock price at the time. But in any case, there are limitations on how we go about redeeming them that we must observe. 
Lawrence Haverty: [indiscernible] in the open market though, right? 
Strauss Zelnick: I suppose we have the ability to -- that's one other -- that's a way that we could return cash to shareholders. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Strauss Zelnick for any closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to thank you, all, for joining us today. We're exceedingly pleased with our results and immensely grateful to our shareholders and, of course, are primarily grateful to all of our colleagues all over the world who once again have hit it out of the park. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications of Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, sir, you may begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2014 ended September 30, 2013. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, and Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013.
 I'd also like to note that, unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. Our earnings release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two delivered record non-GAAP revenue and earnings during the fiscal second quarter, driven by the unprecedented worldwide success of Grand Theft Auto V. Consumers and critics alike responded passionately to the title, enabling it to become the fastest-selling entertainment release in history, with retail sell-through of more than $800 million in its first day and over $1 billion in only 3 days.
 Held by the New York Times as "the most immersive spectacle in interactive entertainment," Grand Theft Auto V received extraordinary reviews, including over 160 perfect scores. The title has already sold-in nearly 29 million units worldwide, exceeding the lifetime sell-in of Grand Theft Auto IV on console in less than 6 weeks after launch. And demands remain strong, as consumers immerse themselves into the vast world of Grand Theft Auto Online.
 We are immensely proud of and grateful to the team at Rockstar Games, who consistently redefine what can be achieved in interactive entertainment. I'd like to congratulate them all on delivering an unparalleled experience and superbly marketing Grand Theft Auto V in a way befitting a cultural phenomenon. I'd also like to thank our sales team for their critical role in making this launch one for the record books.
 In addition to Grand Theft Auto V, our second quarter results benefited from robust demand for our digitally-delivered offerings and renowned catalog titles. Revenue from digitally-delivered content grew 85% year-over-year, driven primarily by full game downloads and add-on content, along with smaller contributions from virtual goods and mobile offerings. 
 During the second quarter, 2K released Firaxis Games' massive PC expansion pack, Sid Meier's Civilization V: Brave New World, as well as the first add-on content for Irrational Games' BioShock Infinite, and additional add-on content for Borderlands 2.
 It bears noting that the phenomenal success of Grand Theft Auto V, along with the strong performance of our other recent AAA releases, continues to demonstrate consumers' enduring appetite for ground-breaking interactive entertainment. During a challenging period for many in our industry, our past foremost significant current generation releases, Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13, BioShock Infinite, and Grand Theft Auto V each sold-in more units than any prior title from their respective franchises within the same period after release. We believe it's our unwavering commitment to quality, one of Take-Two's core philosophies, that has been, and will continue to be, our distinguishing pathway for success.
 As a result of our significantly better-than-expected second quarter results and our positive business outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our financial outlook. Fiscal 2014 is poised to be a record year for our company, with projected non-GAAP net revenue of $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion, and non-GAAP net income of $3.50 per share to $3.75 per share.
 Looking ahead, we're highly enthusiastic about the opportunities presented by next-generation consoles, which are launching in November. We have a robust development pipeline of new intellectual properties and offerings from our proven franchises, including multiple unannounced titles planned for release during fiscal 2015. In addition, we'll continue to invest to enhance our profitability with innovative digitally-delivered offerings for both traditional and emerging platforms.
 Our company has all of the assets necessary for ongoing success, including world-class creative teams, the strongest portfolio of intellectual property in the business, cutting-edge technology and a sound financial foundation. We're better positioned than ever to deliver returns for our shareholders and expect to be profitable on a non-GAAP basis in fiscal 2015 and every year for the foreseeable future.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll give an update on our recent releases and development pipeline. I'd like to begin by joining Strauss in congratulating Rockstar Games on their phenomenal launch of Grand Theft Auto V. Enhancing this incredible experience is Grand Theft Auto Online, which had its initial rollout on October 1. This ambitious undertaking offers a dynamic and persistent online world, and is available free with every copy of Grand Theft Auto V. It currently shares gameplay features, geography and mechanics with Grand Theft Auto V that will continue to expand and evolve over time with new features and functionality, as well as new content created both by Rockstar Games and the Grand Theft Auto community. This is the beginning of something new and exciting, and we're very enthusiastic about the opportunity for Grand Theft Auto Online to enhance consumer engagement with the series over time.
 Featuring NBA MVP LeBron James on the cover, NBA 2K14 launched on October 1 and, according to Metacritic, is currently the highest-rated sports game of 2013 on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. ign.com remarked that, "NBA 2K14 is simply the best hoop sim ever." Incorporating the series' signature realism, intuitive new controls and unique game modes, this year's release cements NBA 2K's legacy as the industry's premier sports simulation experience. The title is being supported by NBA 2K Everywhere, our multiplatform offering that gives fans the opportunity to enjoy NBA 2K via a mobile companion app, as well as a full-featured version of the console simulation game for tablets and smartphones.
 NBA 2K14 will also be our first release for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on November 15 and 22, respectively. Built entirely from the ground up for next-generation platforms, NBA 2K14 features a revolutionary new Eco Motion game engine, and 4 entirely new experiences, including NBA Today, MyCareer, MyGM and MyTeam. ign.com voiced their anticipation, stating, "NBA 2K14 could end up being the most technically impressive launch game on either next-generation platform." With unparalleled true-to-life visuals and a groundbreaking feature set, we believe NBA 2K14 will define the standard for next-generation sports simulations. I'd like to congratulate the teams at 2K and Visual Concepts for delivering 2 uniquely different basketball experiences of the highest quality, built specifically to leverage the strength and features of both the current generation and next-generation consoles.
 On October 8, Borderlands 2 further expanded its audience with the release of the Game of the Year Edition, which offers an outstanding value to consumers, including the full game, all of the Season Pass add-on content, 2 additional character classes and more. Demand for Borderlands 2 and it's add-on content remained strong for more than a year after its initial launch, and we remain committed to supporting the franchise with additional high-quality content. 
 On October 22, 2K and Gearbox released the first offering in the new Headhunter series, Headhunter 1: T.K. Baha's Bloody Harvest. With 2 more add-ons planned for the released during 2013, Borderlands 2 has sold in over 7.5 million units and counting, and is on track to becoming the highest-selling title in 2K's history.
 Today, 2K successfully launched WWE 2K14, the latest offering in the popular WWE video game franchise. The title is being supported with a comprehensive selection of downloadable content, including Rockstar editions, fan-favorite gameplay and customization options, which will be available next month through January. This add-on content, which can be purchased individually or through the game's Season Pass program, provides the ultimate WWE video game experience that is perfectly timed for the holiday season.
 On November 12, Firaxis Games will launch XCOM: Enemy Within, the expansion for our Game of the Year award-winning strategy title XCOM: Enemy Unknown. XCOM: Enemy Within provides players with an array of new narrative situations, abilities, weapons, maps, tactical and strategic gameplay and multiplayer content. The title can be enjoyed with previously purchased copies of XCOM: Enemy Unknown on the PC and Mac, and will also be available as a standalone game for Xbox 360 and PS3 under the title XCOM: Enemy Within Commander Edition. IGN called XCOM: Enemy Within one of their most anticipated games of the year. And forbes.com stated, "XCOM: Enemy Within is a fantastic expansion to one of 2012's best games. 
 Also this year, 2K will continue to release downloadable add-on content to support BioShock Infinite and Sid Meier's Civilization V. These include BioShock Infinite: Burial at Sea, a 2-part add-on campaign set in the underwater city of Rapture before its fall; and the Sid Meier's Civilization V Scrambled Nations pack, which will include maps from Canada, Australia, Japan, Scandinavia, Great Britain, France, Turkey, Italy, Russia and China, and features randomized interiors with the start of each new game.
 Looking ahead to fiscal 2015 and beyond, we have a strong development pipeline for both traditional and emerging platforms, including revolutionary new intellectual property and offerings from our existing franchises. For example, last January, we purchased the intellectual property for Evolve from THQ. This next-generation title is currently in development at Turtle Rock Studios, the renowned creators of the innovative, cooperative first-person shooter, Left 4 Dead. 
 In addition, 2K recently opened a new Bay Area studio, focused on developing an exciting next-generation title. 
 These represent just 2 of the more than 10 unique titles in our pipeline for next-generation consoles, which includes multiple releases planned for fiscal 2015. We understand and appreciate that both our consumers and shareholders are eager to learn more about our release schedule, and we expect to begin unveiling titles during the next several months.
 Throughout the past year, we've demonstrated that success in our industry is achieved by mindfully balancing the passion to take creative risks with prudent business management. The need to deliver the highest-quality entertainment has never been more important, and we believe that consumers will continue to seek the most groundbreaking and immersive experiences as we enter the next generation for our industry. Take-Two is well prepared to continue to raise the bar for creative excellence across all platforms that consumers choose to embrace.
 In closing, I'd like to join Strauss in thanking all of our employees for their dedication and hard work during the quarter. Thanks, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll review our results for the fiscal second quarter and then discuss our updated outlook for fiscal 2014 and our initial outlook for the fiscal third quarter. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Note that our GAAP results exclude net revenue and cost of goods sold related to sell-in of the Grand Theft V game during the second quarter, as Grand Theft Auto Online, a free game available with every copy of Grand Theft Auto V, launched during the fiscal third quarter. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements.
 Starting with our results for the fiscal second quarter. Net revenue increased 340% to a record $1.27 billion. This exceeded our outlook range of $750 million to $800 million due to the blockbuster worldwide success of Grand Theft Auto V. 
 Catalog sales accounted for $118.9 million of net revenue, led by Grand Theft Auto IV and offerings of Borderlands 2 and Civilization V. 
 Revenue from digitally-delivered content grew 85% year-over-year and accounted for $105.5 million of net revenue, the largest contributor to the Grand Theft Auto series, particularly digital sales and Grand Theft Auto V and offerings to Borderlands 2, Civilization V and BioShock Infinite.
 Gross margin decreased 4.5 percentage points to 39.2% due primarily to higher software development costs and internal royalties. 
 Operating expense were approximately $159 million, up by about $47 million, due primarily to higher marketing expenses to support the launch of Grand Theft Auto V. 
 Interest and other expense was $3.8 million. And non-GAAP net income was $325.6 million or $2.49 per share, as compared to $10.2 million or $0.11 per share in fiscal second quarter 2013. This result exceeded our outlook range of $1.20 to $1.35 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported a net loss from continuing operations of $124.1 million or $1.40 per share.
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet at September 30, 2013 as compared to June 30, 2013. Our cash balance increased to $661.9 million. Our accounts receivable balance increased to $1 billion, primarily reflecting the receivables associated with the release of Grand Theft Auto V near the end of the second quarter. Inventory increased to $84 million, primarily for inventory on hand for replenishment orders of Grand Theft Auto V and the launch of NBA 2K14 in early October. And software development costs and licenses decreased to $233 million, reflecting the amortization of development costs for our second quarter releases.
 In August, we completed the redemption of our 4.375% convertible senior notes due 2014, which we had called for redemption on June 12. The company settled the 4.375% notes, which were surrendered for conversion for approximately $166 million in cash and 3.2 million shares of common stock. In conjunction with the redemption, we unwound the call spread associated with the notes, which resulted in the company receiving approximately $29 million in cash.
 Now I will review our financial outlook for the full year and third quarter fiscal 2014, which is all provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are increasing our financial outlook for fiscal 2014 to reflect our strong second quarter results and positive outlook for the remainder of the year. We now expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion, and non-GAAP net income to range from $3.50 per share to $3.75 per share. These would be record results for our company.
 Turning to the details of our full year outlook. Our expected revenue range assumes the on-time release of the titles we have planned for launch during the remainder of fiscal 2014. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 70% from Rockstar, 30% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue splits to be about 50% United States and 50% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40%. Total operating expenses are expected to remain flat. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 11% of net revenue, based on the mid-point of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $12 million, tax expense of about $16 million, and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 126 million.
 This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 91 million, 9 million participating shares for our unvested stock based compensation awards, and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible note under the "if-converted" method of accounting.
 Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $650 million to $700 million, and non-GAAP net income to range from $1.20 to $1.35 per share. The majority of our revenue in the third quarter is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V, NBA 2K14, WWE 2K14 and Borderlands 2. We expect third quarter gross margins in the mid-40%. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 15% from the prior year's third quarter, driven primarily by higher sales and marketing expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 10% of net revenue, based on the mid-point of our outlook range.
 Our third quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $2 million, tax expense of about $7 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 131 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 93 million, 11 million participating shares of our invested stock-based compensation awards, and 27 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the "if-converted" method of accounting.
 In closing, the consistent execution of our strategy, along with a disciplined approach to capital investment, has enabled Take-Two to achieve strong results. We are well positioned to capitalize on the next generation of consoles, as well as emerging markets and platforms and, most importantly, to deliver consistent profits and returns to our shareholders over the long term. I would like to thank our employees for their tireless commitment to excellence and working together to bring continued success to our organization. 
 Thank you. And now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their efforts in delivering a history-making quarter for our company. And to our shareholders, I'd like to express our appreciation for your continued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: You obviously have a huge installed base growing, a record installed base. Can you talk a little bit about the gameplay activity that you're seeing, either online or just in total, relative to other huge hits like Call of Duty and Battlefield? And then how do you think about leveraging that activity into some digital sales next year? And then the second question is, as we enter the next-generation transition, does that create any interruptions or disruptions with Rockstar's game pipeline, or is it still possible to see a consistent, like, 1 release per year? 
Karl Slatoff: Justin, it's Karl. In terms of the online activity for GTA, obviously, we haven't spoken about the specifics. But needless to say, we've had a very, very positive response. And there are many, many, many players playing at this point and it's going very well. And we've gotten terrific feedback from the community in terms of things that they really love about it. So we're very excited about the opportunity for GTA Online. It's something that we think is very special and unique, and is going to be with us for a very, very long time in the future. In terms of monetization, Rockstar has talked about monetization, and there will be -- there are cash backs available. They're not available right now, but they will be turned on back again at some point in the near future. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of -- this is Strauss speaking, your second question. Look, we try not to pat ourselves on the back overly. I do think history says that we managed the console cycle reasonably well in terms of delivering our products at the right time. And I think the release window for GTA V was phenomenal. There was an enormous installed base, massive anticipation and virtually no significant competitive releases. I was questioned an awful lot, you may recall, about the timing of that release. And I think Rockstar made a great decision in putting it out when they did, and really optimized the intersection of what a great game can do and what an audience wanted and when they wanted it. We now come to the end of our current gen releases. It's exactly the right time at this company. And as we said today, we have more than 10 titles in development for next-gen, and we're confident enough about that pipeline that we're calling for profitability on an ongoing basis, something that none of us around here does lightly, and something that all of us around here are really proud about. So Rockstar and 2K, both, are operating with within the reality that we have 2 platforms launching in November, about which we're all really excited. And we have great titles coming up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research. 
James Hardiman: Help me in whatever way you can, sort of bridge the gap between $1 billion in 3 days and 29 million units sold life-to-date. How much of that 29 million was second quarter versus third quarter? How much was sell-in versus sell-through? Can you give us a sell-through number at this point? Can you help us out with the ASP? And ultimately, I guess one of the things that would be really helpful for us is just figuring out how much inventory is sitting at retail, as we sit here today, of Grand Theft Auto? 
Lainie Goldstein: James, it's Lainie. We really can't give out additional information than what we've said to date. But I can just point you to the $1 billion is a retail figure. The 29 million units is a sell-in number, and that's what we've done to date, and the $1 billion was in the first 3 days. So there is big differences between those 2 numbers. 
James Hardiman: Right. I guess that's sort of the point. I guess let me ask you in a different way. Are you sitting on a bunch of inventory as we sit here today, which would assume that the retail number isn't anywhere close to that $29 million number -- or 29 million unit number, I should say? Or I guess, asked a different way, as we think about your second quarter guidance, do you continue to assume that you're going to be shipping copies of GTA in the December quarter? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, it's a fair question. The industry, in general, has been very tight on inventory as they head into the end of the cycle. We don't comment on our own inventory levels around here. And in terms of our expectations going forward, yes, we fully expect to keep selling lots and lots of this game, and I think the fact that we've sold in more than 29 million units to date in 6 weeks is pretty extraordinary. So demand remains very, very strong indeed. I think it's a fair question, because I think some people have asked us to put a finer point than you did on your question. It was just a reflection of all the demand being pulled to current, but there's just no evidence that, that's the case at all. It's not as though consumer say, the next-gen is coming, so I have to buy this title and then I'm never going to buy it again. It's not how they operate. This is a reflection of our finest hopes coming true, which was the intersection of a massive installed base with a massively popular title. 
James Hardiman: Very helpful. And then, Lainie, maybe you can help us a little bit with just the accounting of how all the development costs associated with GTA are going to work. What portion of those costs -- I know you're not going to give us a number, a total budget, but can you help us with what portion of those costs have already been expensed and how we should think about the rest getting expensed as we move forward? And then as we think about the DLC portion and I guess, more specifically, the online portion, were those development costs capitalized and are they going to be expensed along with the development cost for the individual game? How should we think about all that? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the development costs, the way we'll look at it is, on a non-GAAP basis, it will be with the revenue. So we take the revenue for the period and then we'll take what the estimated lifetime revenue is, and the expenses will be spread over that period of time for a non-GAAP basis. The online development costs also have been capitalized alongside with the online game and it, again, will be spread along with the revenue. 
James Hardiman: So I guess to ask a different way, at what point -- what's sort of your assumption with regards to the "lifetime of the game"? Or as we move forward, presumably margins get better, right, as we burn off the majority of those development costs, When does that sort of end? At what point in the future will -- are you projecting to have expensed through all those development costs? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we actually don't guide that tight. We basically -- what Lainie is saying is on a non-GAAP basis, we aim to match the revenue and the development costs and the initial cycle of releases. And you're absolutely right, when something rolls off into our catalog, we're no longer amortizing development costs, we typically don't in marketing costs, and therefore, the gross margin would indeed be higher. But we're not quoting any specific timing or numbers today. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. Each quarter we'll update our estimated lifetime for the product, and that can adjust where the cap's off our amortization is. But basically, is over what that lifetime is estimated to be, and that can change over time. 
Strauss Zelnick: But ultimately, as it hits your catalog, it hits your catalog. And it ultimately has no cost profile associated with it, apart from the cost of actually shipping the goods on an ongoing basis. 
James Hardiman: But the profile of sales is based on what we know today as opposed to what you guys were projecting initially for the game? 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, we would update our estimates every time. So based on the way the title launched and where -- I'm saying that it performed better than our expectations, yes, the lifetime would probably also be adjusted each quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few questions on digital and then one for Lainie on the cash. On the digital, would you say that this is the biggest-ever full game download digital title? And what was split between PlayStation and Xbox? And then also, how does that -- or what does that mean for the margin of those digital titles? And then just separately, thinking forward about the digital opportunity, I just want to make sure that I understand how to think about it correctly. I think about it in kind of 3 pieces: you have the full game downloads; you have the digital episodic content that potentially could come for GTA V; and then separately, GTA online. Is that the correct way to think about it? And then one follow-up on for Lainie. 
Strauss Zelnick: Ben, do you mean by biggest download, the biggest-size download? Or the biggest number of downloads? 
Benjamin Schachter: I guess either revenue or number of downloads for a full game? 
Strauss Zelnick: I don't think we actually know the answer to the first question. I suspect it probably is the biggest game that was ever downloaded... 
Karl Slatoff: It was certainly the biggest on the PlayStation Network on the day release. It was the biggest at first-day on platform. But other than that, we know -- we don't have... 
Strauss Zelnick: But in terms of the number of bytes, I suspect, it's also the biggest, but I could be wrong about that. And we've talked about margins before. We've basically said our margins on digital distribution are somewhat higher than on physical distribution, but not meaningfully higher, typically. And in terms of the way you parsed digitally-delivered revenues here, yes, you've got it correctly. And I suppose I'd add to that, ultimately, catalog. But full-game download, DLC and in-game payments, that would all constitute digitally-delivered revenue. 
Benjamin Schachter: Great. And then Lainie, if I could just follow up on the cash. Based on the guidance you've given, what do you expect the cash balance to be by the end of '14? And if any of you want to update us on your thoughts about potentially returning excess cash to shareholders, that will be great. 
Lainie Goldstein: For the cash balance, we don't provide cash flow projections. We are going to be cash flow positive for the remainder of the year, from this point forward, as well as the whole year. And you asked a question, what's the use of cash. So as we said before, we've been investing in our business, looking at acquisition opportunities. If we think it makes sense, we have authorized a share repurchase program. So if the opportunity presents itself and it makes sense for us, that could be an option for us as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: A couple of follow-ups to Ben's questions. First of all, what percentage of the 29 million units sold for GTA were full digital downloads? Secondly, when you look at your buyback -- looks like you haven't done any share repurchases yet, but given how strong your earnings were and your confidence in the business, is there a reason why -- I would assume you think your shares are relatively inexpensive, why you're not buying back stock? And then third, with GTA Online, as more people start migrating over time to the next-gen platforms, will next-gen players be able to access GTA Online? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So we said that in the quarter about 8% of our revenue was from digitally-delivered offerings across the board. We're not talking specifically about GTA V's percent related to digitally-delivered revenue. But I think that gives you a certain amount of guidance, obviously. And in terms of share repurchases, we didn't repurchase any stock in the fiscal quarter. We do have an authorized stock repurchase outstanding. And we do have ample capital to pursue all the opportunities that Lainie outlined. We are a very conservative management team. And as we head into a platform transition, companies with meaningful, strong balance sheets are well positioned, and that's very important to us. So first and foremost, we want to be rock-solid around here. Secondly, we are looking at, and always have looked at, accretive M&A. And let me emphasize accretive. We don't -- accretive is not in the eye of the beholder, it's actually math. And we're interested in accretive M&A that fits with our core business. And third, of course, over time, one must and should look at returning capital to shareholders in an appropriate way, and there are numerous ways that, that can be achieved. 
Karl Slatoff: And Eric, as of GTA Online for next-generation, I think, was your question. We haven't discussed any plans for GTA, at all, in relating to next-generation. So nothing to say there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst: Strauss, looking again at the opportunity to monetize the large installed base of GTA V. I recall last time around with GTA IV when you released expansion packs, whether they were digital or offered on disc, like Lost and the Damned, the one issue was that they came out significantly later than when the game did. And I believe you made a comment at that time that, that was kind of one of the lessons learned to get those kind of expansion packs out sooner. And then since that time, a trend has emerged among other large games to sell sort of a Season Pass to a series of announced expansion packs, which many people have the opportunity to buy when they buy the game in the first place. So you have a large installed base, 17, 20 million people who already have the game who didn't get that opportunity. Can you speak to -- I know you want to give the exact roadmap, but what the opportunity to sell add-on content to the single-player campaign as opposed to the micro transactions. Is that still in the cards? Or can you give us a little bit of color on what might we see there? 
Strauss Zelnick: So we always prefer that our labels talk about our marketing plans, and we tend not to discuss them on the call. I appreciate the thoughtful question, and we give a lot of thought to just the questions you raise. I think the biggest difference here is -- than the last release is, when Rockstar came out with downloadable content for GTA IV, this was groundbreaking stuff. It had never been done before. And they took a big creative risk and delighted consumers and made money in the process. So it was really a great result. And we, at this company, and our label, specifically, have learned a lot about what consumers want. But what we find is, when you have a hit product, there is an opportunity to continue to delight consumers with ongoing content, and that always remains our focus. Our focus around here did not start with how do we look at our consumers, they showed up in droves and how do we extract more money from their pockets. We genuinely don't. What we think about is, the reason our consumers showed up is because we delighted them in a way they didn't expect. As high as their expectations were, we blew them out of the water and we did that because of the extraordinary creative work done at Rockstar. And then that's the way this company operates. And then having done that, we think, okay, now what is the appropriate way to price this experience so that we can appropriately compensate all of our stakeholders, the people who create the products, the employees who work at this company and of course, our shareholders? And we've always looked at pricing all of our content with an eye towards giving people more than they pay for, trying to overdeliver. So GTA Online is free with the game. And it's the first time we've ever done anything like this. It's incredibly ambitious and taxing and challenging. And consumers love it, and they're showing up in great magnitudes. As Karl said, there is currency in the game and there are plans, at some point, to make that currency available for cash payments in addition to other ways you can earn currency in the game. We'll let Rockstar talk more about that. We don't need to talk more about that today. But for sure, we're commercial folks, and we are in business. But where we start here is with a passion for what we do, then we think about how what we do is going to delight consumers. And then, and only then, do we think about how we're going to monetize it. 
Daniel Ernst: And a follow-up to that question, perhaps for Lainie. Is the cost of maintaining GTA Online a material part of your OpEx going forward, or is that sitting in COGS? And can you give us just a scale of how big an ongoing cost maintaining the server is, and systems around that platform are? 
Lainie Goldstein: The costs would be included in our -- what we capitalize and then spread over the revenue stream, included with the overall capitalized software for GTA. But it is a good question in terms of how much that's going to be going forward. There will be some of it, the server cost and things like that in the OpEx, but most of the time and effort by the teams will be included in the cap's software. 
Strauss Zelnick: And let me just emphasize, in one of our stated strategies is to be the most efficient company in the business. We did not go out and build a massive infrastructure to support something before we understood where consumers were going to be -- where they were going to be. We are learning every day how to do this in a high-quality way, and there will be some costs associated with it. We have 0 doubt that the revenue will vastly exceed any operating expense. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: Most of my questions had been answered. Just a couple of small ones. One, as you talk about your next-gen and the 10 titles in development I assume you have now a pretty clear picture of what the initial net costs are going to look like in your plans. And directionally, I'd like to just get some comfort level on how these costs are shaping up versus your expectations versus perhaps the lifecycle, et cetera. Any changes to your thinking? And then lastly, just a quick update on Asia and what's going on there and opportunities that you see in the coming quarters and years? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of dev cost for the more than 10 next-gen titles we have in development, we do spend meaningfully on our games, it's how we have the highest-rated games in the business. We don't, so far, see meaningful differences in what it's going to cost to develop for next-gen versus what it's been costing to develop for current-gen. And in terms of Asia, what we've said is that NBA 2K Online is one of the top 10 played games in Internet cafés, according to QQ Games in China. We're very happy with those results and continue to be closely engaged in optimizing and contemplating, expanding that throughout other parts of Asia. We have our baseball game in Korea. That's operating as well. And we continue to develop another game in Korea, Civilization Online, so -- which we've talked about previously. That's still in development. So it remains a very interesting area for us, and it's nice to have 2 games in market. 
Arvind Bhatia: But there's talk about consoles in China recently. I wonder if you think that, that is really an opportunity. I know this is just talk right now, but do you really see that as an opportunity for you out in the future? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, so far consumers in China really haven't had the opportunity. They play it online and they play very avidly online, but that is typically a free-to-play model where you monetize less than 10% of the audience. It remains to be seen how consoles will do in China. It also remains to be seen what kind of intellectual property protection will be offered in the country. That has been challenging. That doesn't come as a surprise to everyone. We'll be interested in both. If there's an economic opportunity and we can pursue it while keeping our intellectual property secure, we have a presence there, we have a lot of people on the ground, we have multiple offices, we'd be just thrilled. It's a great place to do business. It remains to be seen. Remember, our stated strategy is to be where our consumer is without regard to platform, without regard to type of game, without regard to genre and without regard to business model. We are ecumenical on all of those topics. We're not rule-driven around here. Our goals are simple: be the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient company in the industry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Michael Hickey: I know you're sensitive to this but, obviously, the online piece is pretty important, I would think, to for your fiscal '15 profitability. Can you give us any sense -- and obviously, there's excitement and buzz from it. There's also somewhat a glitch from the beginning which, I think they -- Rockstar did a pretty good job at kind of communicating that it was going to be a work in process. But any sense of just kind of general engagement metrics that we can look at, Strauss, as we try to shape as sort of forward performance opportunity in terms of player conversion, in terms of ARPU, in terms of maybe how you would look at this game, how it performed versus an MMO in China. 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, I got, I think, half the question, and I'm going to ask you to repeat the second half. In terms of GTA Online as a financial contributor, this is new and untested so far, and we haven't assumed meaningful revenue. We'd be very grateful if it comes along. What we're focused on is delivering a terrific experience and remains to be seen what kind of contributor is. So our expectations about profitability in 2015 and forward are not at all related to GTA Online, to be specific. And your second question was? 
Michael Hickey: I guess just some sort of engagement metrics. I mean, do you plan to provide us, moving forward, with any sort of kind of like payor conversion or ARPU? Are those sort of considerations that are going to help us kind of shape what this thing could generate in terms of performance? 
Strauss Zelnick: We try to be as transparent as possible. And if we have meaningful contributors to our revenue and profitability, then we aim to provide transparency. So it remains to be seen. Right now, it's not a topic we need to address. 
Michael Hickey: And then just curious on -- just general engagement overall. I mean, initially, people going in to the online experience, are you seeing it kind of drop off? Is this kind of just continual balancing? And are people actively playing it? Is it growing? Any sort of insight there would be helpful. 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, it's Karl. Like I said before, we're not discussing what the -- specific numbers around engagement at this point. But as I mentioned early in the call, there are many people playing it, the engagement has been very high and the feedback has been extremely positive. And we couldn't be more pleased where we're sitting right now with this exciting opportunity. I just don't have any specifics to share with you right now. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. And then for fiscal '15, just thinking, obviously, you expect to be profitable here for a period of time. Just thinking about fiscal '15, how much is that catalog performance cost control versus having to get new games to the market and outside of maybe the ones that are pretty easy to model? I mean, we're all trying to get an idea of the key drivers for fiscal '15. I think it's pretty easy to know that NBA and WWE and some of these online experience are going to be contributors, but how much -- how important are the unannounced games in terms of driving performance? 
Strauss Zelnick: That's a great question. Our catalog does provide a nice backbone for our business. We have the highest-performing catalog for SKU in the business, and that's driven by our very high Metacritic ratings. Consumers keep buying our titles, and they keep buying the titles even after transitions of platform. So we remain optimistic about our catalog going forward. And digitally-delivered offerings foot with that, because one of the things that digital distribution does is makes your catalog more available. That said, our plans for '15, in fact, reflect a robust release schedule of next-gen titles. We have said that we have more than 10 in development. And generally speaking, in order to be -- to deliver the kind of results we hope to deliver and want to deliver, we do need and expect to have new tent-pole releases. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. 
Brian Fitzgerald: A follow-on to that the last question. With your impressive catalog library, are there any unique dynamics you see to catalog sales as you roll through a hardware transition? And then on launches like GTA V, what kind of impact or positive pull-through do you see on a GTA catalog with that type of event? 
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. Your first question was about dynamics on catalog in a console transition? 
Brian Fitzgerald: Yes. 
Karl Slatoff: Is that correct? Okay. 
Brian Fitzgerald: Yes. 
Karl Slatoff: We haven't really seen a lot of dynamics that we can specifically relate to a console transition in terms of catalog. What we are seeing is catalog, there's -- the amount of digital activity in our catalog is increasing over time, and we stated that in the past. But to specifically say that this is related to a console transition, we can't really see that at this point. And the second question, I'm sorry, I apologize again, what was it? 
Strauss Zelnick: Just what does GTA V and catalog have to do with one another? The GTA series continues to sell extraordinarily well years and years after its release. I mean, in this past year, we put out the 10th year anniversary edition for GTA III on tablet, and that did great for us. We've talked about that before. And console transitions don't hurt our catalog particularly. And people keep playing old titles on old consoles that they still have, even when they buy new consoles, if the titles are good enough. There's an element of nostalgia, but only for the best titles. So we have high hopes for our catalog and now digital distribution, obviously, provides another opportunity. And there are other platforms, whether that's Steam or whether that's any number of other opportunities to release our catalog. 
Operator: Mr. Zelnick, it appears we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, once again, thank you so much for joining us. I just want to take one last moment to express our gratitude to all of our colleagues all over the world for the extraordinary quarter, outlook for the year, and just how well this company is doing. We feel like we're firing on all cylinders, and we're grateful to all of our colleagues for making that happen. And thank you for joining us. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond, you may now begin. 
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 ended June 30, 2013. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 and the company's registration statement on Form S-3 dated June 12, 2013. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.I'd  also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release, which is posted at www.take2games.com for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation.  And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. During our fiscal first quarter, we continued to benefit from robust demand for our recent releases, Evergreen catalog titles and expanding portfolio of unique digitally delivered offerings. This enabled our company to deliver results that exceeded our outlook, marking the fourth consecutive quarter in which we've outperformed expectations. These results confirm that the market for the highest-quality current generation titles remain strong even as anticipation builds for upcoming launches of next-generation consoles later this year. 
 Accordingly, we've increased our revenue and earnings outlook for fiscal year 2014.Turning  to the key drivers of our first quarter results, the enduring popularity of Borderlands 2 has enabled the title to sell in nearly 7 million units and remains on track to become the highest selling release in the history of 2K. During the first quarter, we launched 3 critically acclaimed and highly successful downloadable add-on packs for the title, including the Ultimate Vault Hunter Upgrade Pack, Psycho Pack and Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep. Add-on content for Borderlands 2, including its season pass, was the single-largest contributor to our first quarter results. Our add-on content provides incremental revenue and profits, while also helping to deepen the engagement of existing fans and attract new ones.
  NBA 2K13 continues to grow its audience around the world and contribute significantly to our results. The title is now both the highest-selling and most-profitable sports release in the history of 2K, with more than 6 million units sold in worldwide. In addition to being the industry standard bearer, the success of NBA 2K13 has been enhanced by record digital sales for the franchise, including virtual goods, while our NBA 2K Everywhere offerings bring the brand to every screen where consumers want to experience the very best in basketball.  BioShock Infinite is North America's best-selling multiplatform release so far this year, according to NPD. The title has crossed the 4 million unit selling mark, and we expect it to become the top-selling release in the BioShock franchise. It's being supported with downloadable add-on content, which Karl will discuss shortly.
  We had no tentpole releases during the first quarter, and therefore our industry-leading catalog was particularly integral to our results. In addition to Borderlands, catalog sales were led by Rockstar Games' iconic Grand Theft Auto franchise and Red Dead Redemption, which continue to attract new fans years after launch.  Our strong catalog remains an important competitive advantage and provides a relatively stable and predictable profit stream to complement our new release schedule.  
 Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 128% in the first quarter and accounted for a record 52% of our total non-GAAP net revenue. The primary drivers were add-on content and full-game downloads of new and existing catalog titles. We also benefited from in-game purchases of virtual goods and our growing portfolio of mobile offerings.  On June 20, we released XCOM: Enemy Unknown for iOS, which is our first mobile version of a current-generation nonsports AAA title and also our first mobile offering to carry a $20 price point. The game received an outstanding 92 average score on Metacritic, and it was among the top 10 grossing apps on iPad within the first week of its release. The success of XCOM: Enemy Unknown for iOS illustrates that consumers are willing to pay a premium price for premium entertainment experience on any platform. This bodes well for the opportunity to deliver profitably our most immersive new AAA titles to mobile platforms as they evolve.
  Recently, we further strengthened our already solid balance sheet through the completion of a $287.5 million offering of 1% convertible senior notes due 2018. This enabled our company to refinance its 4.357% -- 4.375% convertible senior notes due 2014 on substantially improved terms while also increasing our cash. We're highly optimistic about our potential for growth over the long term. This additional capital gives us even greater flexibility to take advantage of opportunities that we may see in the marketplace for studio or intellectual property acquisitions, strategic investments, share repurchases and other initiatives to expand our business and create shareholder value.  We're pleased with our start to the fiscal year, which promises to be one of Take-Two's best ever, led by the eagerly anticipated launch of Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto V on September 17 and the fall releases of NBA 2K14 and WWE 2K14.  Looking ahead, we are well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities presented by the upcoming launches of next-generation consoles. We have an extensive development pipeline, highlighted by proven franchises in groundbreaking new intellectual property. As a result, we expect to deliver non-GAAP profits this year and fiscal 2015 and for the foreseeable future.  I will now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today I'll give an update on the recent releases and development pipeline. Earlier this month, 2K successfully launched Sid Meier's Civilization V: Brave New World, a massive expansion pack for Firaxis Games' award-winning strategy title, providing new depth and replayability through the introduction of international trade and a focus on culture and diplomacy. The pack has been applauded by consumers and critics. According to IGN, who gave the game 9.4 out of 10, Brave New World is the best Civilization expansion so far. And Game Informer, who scored it 9.25 out of 10, said this second expansion cements Civilization as the marquee strategy title in all of gaming. Congratulations to the team at 2K and Firaxis for continuing to take this fantastic franchise to new levels.
  Turning to our online projects in Asia. NBA 2K Online, developed in partnership with Tencent, was launched commercially in China last October and continues to make positive strides. Usage and player engagement are gaining momentum. And according to QQ Games, it remains among the top 10 most played PC games at Internet cafés in China. We are actively exploring, bringing our renowned NBA 2K brand to more markets and platforms around the world.
  Pro Baseball 2K, developed in partnership with Nexon Corporation, launched commercially in Korea in May. The game offers an authentic Korean pro baseball simulation experience based on the MLB 2K engine and will incorporate significant new content features throughout the balance of the year.  And Civilization online, 2K's massively multiplayer online game, continues in development with XLGAMES games in Korea and our Firaxis Games studio. The project is being led by renowned industry veteran, Jake Song, and is one of the most exciting and ambitious online game development initiatives in the region. We continue to believe that our online projects have the potential to complement our core business with a relatively stable, higher-margin revenue stream over time.
  Looking ahead to our announced pipeline of releases. 2K Marin is gearing up for the August 20 launch of The Bureau: XCOM Declassified. Set in 1952 at the height of the Cold War, the third-person tactical shooter tells the story of the founding of the top-secret XCOM organization. In keeping with the spirit of the XCOM franchise, The Bureau fully embraces the challenges of permanent death and its calculated combat design requires players to think and act tactically. We're confident that 2K Marin's narrative-driven vision for this title will challenge players unlike any other third-person shooter [ph] and the team at Irrational Games have been hard at work on add-on content for the critically acclaimed BioShock Infinite, and today marks the release of the first downloadable content pack, BioShock Infinite: Clash in the Clouds. This pack presents players with a series of unique and intense challenges, as well as many new combat opportunities set in 4 new areas inspired by the classic BioShock Infinite environment.  Also announced today is BioShock Infinite: Burial at Sea, which is a 2-part add-on campaign, featuring an all-new story for Booker and Elizabeth set in the underwater city of Rapture before its fall. All 3 packs were included as part of the BioShock Infinite Season Pass, and can also be purchased individually.
  As Strauss mentioned earlier, Borderlands 2 continues to attract new audiences and solidifies the series as one of our company's most important franchises. Given the overwhelming success of the title's downloadable add-on content, 2K and Gearbox Software have announced plans to release even more offerings. This fall, 2K will launch the Ultimate Vault Hunter Upgrade Pack 2, Digistruct Peak Challenge, which will raise the level cap for all 6 playable characters. In addition, for the first time, new uniquely themed boss fights with additional bonus content will be available for individual purchase and continue into 2014.
  On September 17, the next installment in the Grand Theft Auto series will release from Rockstar Games. Grand Theft Auto V will be the biggest, most dynamic and most diverse open-world game the label has ever created. Focused around the series of major heists, Grand Theft Auto V blends storytelling and great game play [ph] in new ways by allowing players to drop in and out of their lives of the game's 3 lead characters to experience all sides of an inter-world story. With a strong preorder campaign, the title is lining up to be both the biggest launch in the history of the franchise and Take-Two. Grand Theft Auto V promises to be this year's must-have entertainment experience.
  On October 1, 2K and Visual Concepts are poised to once again redefine the basketball genre of interactive entertainment with the release of NBA 2K14. We're thrilled that 2013 NBA MVP LeBron James will make his video game cover debut on the title. As one of the greatest athletes of this generation, James will lead 2K's groundbreaking NBA 2K franchise into the future of sports video games, with 2 dynamic and unique experiences for current and next-generation consoles. NBA 2K set the benchmark for sports gaming on the current generation of consoles, and NBA 2K14 will continue that legacy on next-generation consoles as the company's first offering for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
  On October 29, gamers will step into the squared circle with some of the biggest names in sports entertainment, with 2K's launch of WWE 2K14. Developed by Yukes for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, WWE 2K14 will be the most electrifying, authentic and comprehensive WWE video game experience to date. Not only will the title feature WWE Superstar Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson on its cover, but 2K recently announced a special preorder campaign that will include the franchise debut of the legendary Ultimate Warrior. We're confident that the addition of the pop-culture phenomenon will attract both old and new members of the WWE universe, and we'll finally be able to create dream matches with today's top superstars.
  As Take-Two heads into the next generation of gaming, we do so in the strongest position in the history of our organization. We firmly believe that we have the best portfolio of owned intellectual property in the business. Our world-class creative teams raised the bar for innovation and excellence in the current console jet cycle, and as we enter the next cycle, we will leverage every facet of our new technology both to expand our leading franchises and to create new intellectual property that will once again change the way we experience and think about interactive entertainment.
  In support of these creative endeavors, we will capitalize on new business models, pursue new platforms and expand geographically to capture an even larger global audience.  In closing, I'd like to join Strauss in thanking all of our employees for their dedication and hard work. This year is poised to be one of our best, and we remain highly optimistic about our long-term outlook. Thanks, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll review our results for the fiscal first quarter and then discuss our updated outlook for fiscal year 2014 and our initial outlook for this fiscal second quarter. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations and all comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements.  
 Starting with our results for the fiscal first quarter, net revenue decreased 36% to $144.3 million, as last year's first quarter benefited from the releases of Max Payne 3 and Spec Ops: The Line, and we had no significant releases during this year's first quarter. This exceeded our outlook range of $100 million to $125 million due to strong sales of digitally delivered offerings, particularly add-on content for Borderlands 2. Catalog sales accounted for 60% of net revenue, led by the Borderlands franchise, the Grand Theft Auto franchise and Red Dead Redemption. Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 128% year-over-year and accounted for a record 52% of net revenue. 
 The largest contributor to offerings are Borderlands 2, the Grand Theft Auto franchise, NBA 2K13 and BioShock Infinite.  Gross margin increased 15.8 percentage points to 35.4% due primarily to lower development royalties and a higher mix of digital revenue during the quarter. Gross margin was lower than expected, as we recognized the $29 million impairment of capitalized software development cost during the quarter related to a 2K title in development.  
 Operating expenses were approximately $94 million, down by about $45 million due primarily to lower marketing expenses, as we had no new major releases during the quarter. In addition, G&A was lower due to the absence of the $15 million onetime contractual obligation that was recorded in the first quarter last year.
  Interest and other expense was $4 million, and non-GAAP net loss was $47.1 million or $0.54 per share as compared to a net loss of $98.8 million or $1.16 per share in fiscal first quarter 2013. On a GAAP basis, we reported a net loss from continuing operations of $61.9 million or $0.71 per share. Both GAAP and non-GAAP net loss include the impairment of capitalized software development cost of $29.6 million or $0.34 per share for GAAP, and $29 million or $0.33 per share for non-GAAP. Our non-GAAP net loss of $0.54 per share exceeded our outlook range of a loss of $0.55 to $0.70 per share, primarily due to a stronger-than-expected digital sales, partially offset by the impairment of capitalized software development cost.
  Turning to some key items from our balance sheet of June 30, 2013 as compared to March 31, 2013, our cash balance increased to $646.3 million. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to $35.2 million, primarily reflecting collections on receivables associated with the release of BioShock Infinite near the end of the fourth quarter. Inventory decreased to $27.9 million, and software development cost and licenses remained relatively flat at $293.6 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases, offset by the impairment of capitalized software recorded during the quarter.
  As mentioned by Strauss, we recently completed an offering of $287.5 million of 1% convertible notes due 2018. At the same time, we issued a notice calling all of our outstanding 4.375% convertible notes due 2014 for redemption on August 29, 2013. It's important to raise money when market conditions are receptive, and this is a very rare and possibly short-lived window of opportunity to take advantage of very attractive terms. Essentially, we are refinancing the old converts, which has a coupon of 4.375% and effective strike price of $14.95 of maturity for the new convert, with a much lower coupon of 1% and a much higher strike price of $21.52. At the same time, we've added additional cash to support our long-term growth initiatives, refinance other indebtedness and/or execute on our share repurchase authorization.  From an income statement perspective, we expect to reduce our annual non-GAAP interest expense by approximately $3.5 million and modestly increase our fully diluted share count once the redemption is completed in August.  
 Now I will review our financial outlook for the full year and second quarter fiscal 2014, which is all provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are revising our financial outlook for fiscal 2014 to reflect a strong first quarter result and outlook for the remainder of the year. We now expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $1.775 billion to $1.875 billion, and non-GAAP net income to range from $2.25 per share to $2.50 per share.
  Turning to the details of our full year outlook, our expected revenue range is since the on-time release of the titles we have planned for launch during fiscal 2014.  We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 65% from Rockstar and 35% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 50% United States and 50% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to decrease by approximately 4%, primarily due to lower sales and marketing expense. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 13% of net revenue based on the mid-point of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $12 million, tax expense of about $9 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately $127 million.
  This reflects weighted average basic share of approximately 90 million, which includes an estimated 1.5 million shares to be issued to settle our 4.375% convertible notes, 10.5 million participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards, and 26.5 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the "if-converted" method of accounting.
  Turning to the outlook for the second quarter fiscal 2014, we expect non-GAAP net revenue to range from $750 million to $800 million and non-GAAP net income to range from $1.20 to $1.35 per share. The majority of our revenue in the second quarter is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto V. We expect second quarter gross margins in the low 40. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 44% from the prior year second quarter, driven primarily by higher sales and marketing expenses.  
 Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 14% of net revenue based on the mid-point of our outlook range.  Our second quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $3.5 million, tax expense of about $4 million and weighted average fully diluted shares of approximately 124 million. This reflects weighted average basic shares of approximately 87.5 million, which includes an estimated 1 million shares issued to settle our 4.375% convertible note, 10 million participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards, and 26.5 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the "if-converted" method of accounting.  
 In closing, our better-than-expected start to fiscal 2014 continues the positive momentum of our business and ushers in what we believe will be a terrific year for Take-Two. With numerous opportunities for growth and further diversification on the horizon, our organization has an incredibly strong balance sheet and the fiscal discipline to efficiently drive long-term shareholder value.  I'd also like to thank our employees for their continued hard work and dedication in helping Take-Two achieve its goals today, and building an even stronger company for tomorrow. Thank you.   Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks,  Karl and Lainie. On behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their effort in delivering a solid start to what we believe will be a fantastic year for the company. To our shareholders, I want to express our appreciation for your continued interest and support.  We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator  Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: I guess just 2 questions. You're raising revenues, it's still very early in the year, just what gives you most confidence that you can achieve the higher revenue forecast for the year? What's kind of going right, right now? And then secondly, any thoughts on potentially keeping the share count in check now that you've kind of done all the convertible activity? And are there ways the company can actually start thinking about reducing the share count? 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks,  Justin. We're increasing the financial outlook based on our better-than-expected results for the first quarter and our strong release schedule for the remainder of the year, including obviously Grand Theft Auto V, our NBA title, our WWE title and our catalog titles and the rest of our release schedule, so it's looking very sound. In terms of our share count, remember our share count is driven by cap accounting, that means we have to include things like unvested options. It also varies depending on whether we're in a profit or a loss quarter. It also varies with regard to the accounting for our converts. And the answer is based on this most recent financing, our share count really hasn't changed very much at all, and we feel the small change is actually swamped by the reduction in the interest cost and the benefit of the incremental capital in our balance sheet. In terms of other steps to reduce the share count, I think the real question is, what steps are we taking to increase value per share and the value of the company overall? And those steps, we outlined them some years ago and we've been trying to execute against. Primarily, what we've tried to do is diversify the product offerings of the company, be a market leader in terms of the quality of our intellectual property and the quality of our individual leases for those franchises. Every year since 2007, we've released a multimillion unit, new intellectual property, we'd like to keep doing that. We've expanded our offerings around the world. We've gotten into mobile business and other businesses, including the MMO business in Asia. And we've really been a leader in innovating for product offerings, whether that's in-game payments or free-to-play games in Asia with partners. We need to keep doing more of that. The fact is, today, we reported over $600 million of cash on our balance sheet and an outlook of -- for making $2.25 to $2.50 a share in non-GAAP earnings. And we've also said, importantly, that we expect the following fiscal year to be profitable and to be profitable for the foreseeable future. If we're able to achieve that and we have a good deal of confidence that we can, then the value of the company and of all those shares will -- should increase. And that's certainly our hope and expectations. 
Justin Post: Great.  Maybe a follow-up on the first point. Are you seeing a little bit better preorder activity than you saw maybe a couple of months ago? Or are you seeing just more demand from retailers for some of your big releases? Any update on how you're looking at the slate right now? 
Strauss Zelnick: We  don't talk about specific preorders, but I will tell you that the outlook is great and the feedback directly from retail is terrific. And obviously, the release that this whole company is focused on worldwide is Grand Theft Auto V. And we're very proud of the fact that we are one company, even though we have a relatively far-flung group of employees in multiple locations all over the world. We all pull together to get behind  all of our tentpole releases. And retail's our most important partner, it still represents the bulk of our revenues. Feedback, including the feedback driven by preorders, has been nothing short of extraordinary. However, we don't discuss the specific numbers. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: I  know you don't want to get into any kind of numbers on GTA V, but I thought maybe we could talk about GTA IV and if you could just remind us what that title in its first year and life to date, as you continue to see success of that product. And then also in terms of the digital strategy for GTA V, obviously huge opportunity there. You're doing some of that right at the start. It will be helpful to maybe understand how frequently you'll be introducing additional digital content. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes.  We've -- for Grand Theft Auto IV, we've sold in about 25 million units inception to date. I don't have the first-year numbers at the tip of my tongue. Although, I guess, the answer is that -- Hank does. So we sold through about 8.5 million units the first month, that's about 11 million units within the first month of launch in 2008, just putting in context. But the more important point is that we've sold in 25 million units of GTA IV inception to date and still selling now, this many years later, and the entire franchise has sold in about 125 million units, over 125 million units. So -- and it's also worth noting that the install base today of the platforms for which we're releasing is roughly triple it was when we launched GTA IV. That isn't to say that we'll see a straight line to results, but this massive install base at the time when we think consumers are hungry for Grand Theft Auto V is very good news indeed. In terms of digital content, we're going to let Rockstar Games talk about digital plans for the title. That's the appropriate place for us to talk about to what we're doing for the product and what we're doing for marketing. But suffice it to say that we've been a leader in digital add-on content in the quarter that we just released. Our biggest contributor revenue was downloadable add-on content for Borderlands 2, and we think we really do have a point of view about how best to delight consumers not just at the time of the initial release, but also on an ongoing basis. And what we've learned is that downloadable content does not work for every title in the market, it doesn't even work for all of our titles. It works when we put out something really great and then we put out more stuff that people really, really like. And once again, it comes back to delighting consumers. That is Rockstar Games' specialty. That is what Grand Theft Auto V is all about, a delightful consumer experience that we think is going to amaze everyone who plays it. And you'll stay tuned, but we feel really good about it. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: You  mentioned just now a BBB install base today versus when GTA IV shipped, and is there anything you can say about kind of what your expectations are for GTA V attach rates in the current environment and with the much larger addressable market? And maybe if not specifics on attach rate, just kind of maybe how you're thinking about why attach rates could be different from -- when GTA IV shipped? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well,  we're at a different point in the console cycle, Mike, and there's no doubt that attach rates are lower at the tail end of the console cycle, in general. Because if they weren't, then I'd be telling you that we're going to -- I mean, I guess, I'd extrapolate and so that we expect we'd sell 75 million units of GTA V, which will be lovely, but we're not saying that today and are -- obviously, our financial outlook does not reflect that number. Why do attach rates decline? Because this is a sine-curve business. And when people get new hardware, they overconsume as they get used to having a hardware they underconsume. It's always been the nature of the business for nearly 30 years, and I don't really expect it to change. That said, we're putting out an extraordinary experience, and we do think that avid players and even casual players who own these consoles and some who currently who don't own the consoles will own this title, and we'll be there to serve and meet their needs. 
Michael Olson: All  right. And then can you just talk about the new day and date release features of the next-gen consoles? Is that something that you guys are excited about or more neutral on? And I guess could you share what percent of your front-line titles tend to be downloaded directly today? I'm assuming it's near 0%. 
Strauss Zelnick: Oh  no, it's not near 0. We definitely have full-game digital downloads, and they're meaningful to us. And obviously, we'll let the console companies talk about their own policies. They set them and we adhere to them, because they're our partners and that's the business that they're in. But our own view is that meeting consumers where they are is the best way to run the business. And then you want to make sure that your policies reflect the way people like to consume product. We've always been ecumenical about platforms, channels, geographies and business models. We are not a rule-based company. Our goal is to delight consumers. And the way we do that this by being flexible, bringing them the best products wherever they are on whatever platform they want to consume it. So we are -- we try to be good partners with the console makers, they are our bread and butter. We support them as they do us. We recognize that they set these policies, and we encourage the policies to be as open-minded as possible. But you can rest assure that we will always be, in our view, a leader in being flexible and consumer-friendly within the purview of the policies that the console makers set. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Two  digital items for you. One, can you give us a sense of how much of your digital business was mobile? And then secondly, maybe you could give us a sense, for the digital business, how much came from Asia? 
Strauss Zelnick: We  don't really break it out, but we did say that the biggest drivers were full-game downloads and downloadable content. But apart from that, we don't break it out with more specificity. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst: Two  questions, if I might. First, on the console cycle. Can you talk about what your expectations are for the size of the install base cycle-on-cycle and what your expectations are for the initial sell in? I think there's some expectations that the console makers will not repeat past mistakes. And how supply -- if you have any view on that within the industry and whether the early part of the console cycle could be bigger than the early part of the last one, and whether this new console cycle could be as large or be smaller than the last one? And then on digital, your commentary around the relative success that you had with a $20 tablet game. I wonder if you could opine to the future, Strauss, as to when we think we could have a tablet game that is as immersive as a console game, and what that point you'd be able to support console-type prices? Can you get the $60 game when you deliver a game that's as immersive on a tablet as it is on a console or PC? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes.  I mean, the second question first. The console -- the tablets still aren't  powerful enough to run our console titles in their full experiences and the way they want. But that we think that's just a moment in time. We think that if you believe in Moore's Law, and we do, it's a matter of just a couple of years before tablet will be a terrific entertainment platform. It already is a great entertainment platform for watching a TV show or watching a movie. We do need an outboard controller that becomes sort of an industry standard that works for consumers. But I have every reason to believe that a tablet will be a great game platform, and we'll be right there. I do think we're a couple of years away. To your point about pricing, we don't tend to spend a lot of time talking about pricing. The truth is that consumers pay for what's of value to them. And obviously, we create a product that's very expensive to make in market, and its price point reflects the intersection of those 2 things. If -- there really is no reason why if you deliver great experience on tablet, we should be price limited. But if we were, we'd have to figure out a different business model, and we're pretty flexible people and we -- I'm sure we'd be able to do that. So we'll listen to consumers and we'll give them what they want. And obviously, the experience that we currently deliver to consoles has a certain price, and it also has a certain cost. And if consumers push back on the individual bite size of a price because it's on a tablet, that wouldn't make very much sense. But if that happened, we could work within those parameters as well by altering and tailoring our product offering. In terms of the console cycle, we're quite optimistic. We don't share our projections or expectations, and we've only announced one title so far, which is the NBA title for next-gen. So we really haven't talked a whole lot about it but, yes, we are pretty optimistic and we're going to leave projections to the analysts. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: A  couple of questions on GTA and then one for Lainie. Strauss, can you talk about the marketing plan, how it's going to differ versus what was for GTA IV? Any changes notably between international and domestic? And then also, I know you can't talk about the digital content plans, you'll have Rockstar do that, but can you just talk about from a pure financial point of view, what does the ARPU look like? Or what is the lifetime value of a GTA V consumer look like versus a GTA IV consumer? And then Lainie, could you just let us know what you think the net cash will be by the end of the fiscal year? 
Karl Slatoff: Ben,  it's Karl. In terms of GTA marketing, again, this is really something that Rockstar is better first to talk about than we are. But look, we have a lot more of arcane tools at our at disposal than we did back when GTA IV launched. I mean, online is a much bigger component of most marketing budgets, not just ours, but across the industry. There's also other outlets there's -- that we use. I mean, we're very heavy in retail, preorders are a big part of our marketing strategy. So there are some differences. But rest assured, the Rockstar folks have put together an incredibly comprehensive marketing program that ties in all of our marketing partners, including third-party media sources and retail as well. In terms of the digital content plays, that is something that we're just -- we're ultimately impressing [ph] lifetime value of consumers, et cetera, that's something that we just don't discuss. 
Lainie Goldstein: And  for the cash at the end of the year, we don't provide cash flow projections, but we are going to be cash flow positive for the remainder of this fiscal year. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company. 
Douglas Creutz: It  looks like you beat your OpEx guidance in the quarter by about $10 million. You lowered your full year OpEx guidance by about $30 million, and I was wondering if you could kind of talk about what's going on there? And then separately, the game that you took the write-down on, is that a game that was canceled or one that remains in development? 
Lainie Goldstein: So  for the OpEx, specifically to this quarter, the beat over last quarter was due to the onetime write-off that we -- or the onetime contractual obligation that we had last year. And then for the full year, it's just an overall mix of where we're seeing the business, in bottoms up, we forecasting for the remainder of the year. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes.  And in terms of the write-down for software cost, capitalized software cost, we're not providing more clarity on that. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Edward Williams from BMO Capital Markets. 
San Phan: This  is San Phan for Edward Williams. Just 2 questions. One, can you tell us a bit more about what your plans for the growing cash balance is, particularly after 2K is released? And then 2, if you can share any thoughts on how you're allocating development dollars across legacy consoles or current chain consoles versus next-gen? 
Lainie Goldstein: I'll  take the first part of the question on the cash balance. We did mention that we don't provide cash flow projections, but we plan to be cash flow positive for the remainder of the year. 
Karl Slatoff: In  terms of allocating dev across current-gen, next-gen, we're obviously not going to tell you that specifically. But we can tell you that we're supporting both next-gen and current-gen consoles significantly. 
Operator: [Operator  Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with The Benchmark Company. 
Mike Hickey: Just  curious, Strauss, on kind of your philosophy if some of your bigger games over next-gen platforms, if you expect any sort of change into how you kind of pace the orations [ph]. I know, historically, you've always kind of left it up to your developers, but with new tech and maybe some more new synergy in terms of less difficulty in terms of competing platforms, you can keep it up at air, at least differently? 
Strauss Zelnick: Look,  it's possible that we are going to find that developing for this next-gen will be more efficient. It's possible to find that it's easier to develop for multiple platforms simultaneously, it remains to be seen. The bulk of our timing of releases though has been driven by making sure that we put out really great titles and making sure that we don't overwhelm audiences and burn out our franchises. Our goal is to try to create permanent franchises, that's the unique goal in the industry. Our competitors do not see it that way. Our competitors' view is that our franchise will have a certain life, and at the end of that life, you move onto the next thing, so you better make hay while the sun shines. Our view is to the contrary. The best franchises are  permanent franchises. Outside of our business you can look at James Bond, for example. And it's been our goal not just to preserve and grow the Grand Theft Auto franchise, but also to build other franchises that we think can be permanent, whether that's the Red Dead franchise or the Borderlands franchise or the BioShock franchise or others, Civilization, for example. So I don't -- I think in certain instances, we'd like to see releases paced a little more closely together. I don't really think next-gen is going to change the production approach sufficiently that, that will be the difference that makes the difference. 
Mike Hickey: And  I was just curious on your kind of view on your competitive profile. Obviously, at E3 this year, there seems to be a lot more representation within the open-world experiences. And of course, we're on the front end here of an emerging console cycle where there can be a big share shift. So just curious how you see the competition. 
Strauss Zelnick: We  have a healthy respect for our competition. We don't take anything for granted. We're fond of saying that we think arrogance is the enemy of continued success. We're always looking over our shoulders and not because we are worried about someone eating our lunch, but because we're worried about making sure that we always provide the best experience to consumers, that we're always known as the standard bearer for what is the very best in interactive entertainment. And to do that, we have to be mindful of what our competitors are doing and what our consumers want, and always give them what they want and then some and to do so at a fair price. So we have the highest weighted average Metacritic ratings in the business, and yet we know we can always do more. Our basketball title, for example, is the highest-rated sports title in the business. It has been for 12 years the #1 basketball title, and yet we still want to do more. We're very self-critical, we're always trying to push the envelope. So are we worried about our competition? Yes. But what are we focused on? We focus on our own knitting, making sure that we do is the very best. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. 
Brian Fitzgerald: Catalog  was a key driver for the quarter at 60% of the net rev, and digital is also growing nicely up 130%-ish. How much of the digital is catalog? Have you broken by that, or how do you think about that? Or is it more shift around based on the release lineup? And then maybe one follow-on after that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Brian,  we don't break it out specifically, but we did say that Borderlands 2 downloadable add-on packs was a big driver in the quarter. So it isn't all just catalog. It's good that our catalog is doing so well, it's also good that digital is doing well. It's a mixture of both. You had another question? 
Brian Fitzgerald: Yes,  another quick one. So free-to-play, how do you think free-to-play is driving digital also? Are the conversions trending better or how do you think about that in terms of driving your digital side? 
Strauss Zelnick: We  don't -- our free-to-play business is largely limited to Asia, and that business is developing nicely, as Karl mentioned. We expect it to be a meaningful contributor going forward, but it's already turning into a profit contributor, which is also nice. That business has really unfolded exactly as expected. We mitigated our risk and the risk didn't materialize, and we're being unique to see the reward. But outside of Asia, we basically have business for which people pay for, and that's through pretty much across the board for us. We're open-minded about business models. Free-to-play is a business model, in the states, has been pretty checkered. If you take a look at how some of our competitors have done that have tried to play in that space, there was a brief moment in the sun and that moment has clearly passed. We were highly skeptical that, that business, had been said so publicly. And in any case, it was not an area which we had great expertise. So we continue to play in the mobile space, the bulk of those games are sold. And we continue to be open-minded about business models as they develop. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird & Co. 
Colin Sebastian: Just  a couple of follow-ups, I think. On NBA 2K14, wondering if there will be any shipments included in the September quarter? And related to that, can you talk about your expectations for that franchise or that title relative to last year's version? And then secondly, does the pending investment in Activision from Tencent have any impact in your relationship there? 
Karl Slatoff: I'll  take the Activision piece first. I think there's been any affect at all in our relationship with Tencent based on their investment in Activision. So that's a pretty easy one. In terms of NBA 2K14, can you repeat that question again? I think I missed it. 
Colin Sebastian: Sure.  Will there be any shipments of that title included in the September quarter? And then also, your expectations for the game relative to last year's version? 
Karl Slatoff: Okay.  In terms of September quarter, there wouldn't be, because the game isn't released in September. And in terms of our expectations versus the last one, obviously, we're very excited about -- the great thing about 2K is that the NBA, that VC team of it, every single release, they're pushing themselves. Strauss talked about competition and always looking over our shoulder just to see who's behind us. And in fact, the team in Visual Concepts has always been doing competition against themselves. And every iteration they try to take the game to the next level. And this NBA 2K14 is no exception. So obviously, we're very excited about the release. We've got a great marketing plan around it. We've got a great deal with LeBron, so we think we're going to generate product consumer buzz, and we have very high expectations for the title. In terms of specifics, can't give you those. 
Operator: Our  next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: Just  clarification question, guys. The full year guidance, does that include the impairment charge or does not? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes,  it does include the impairment charge, Arvind. 
Operator: There  are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments you may have. 
Strauss Zelnick: Just  we'd like to thank our shareholders and everyone else for attending the call today. We appreciate the support. We feel like we're off to a good start. We have a lot of wood to chop for the remainder of the year, but things are looking very positive and promising. So thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies  and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you, all, for your participation. Good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-05-13 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Henry Diamond Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Special Litigation Committee Karl Slatoff - President Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc. Douglas Creutz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Michael Hickey - National Alliance Capital Markets, Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond, you may begin.
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 ended March 31, 2013. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are non-GAAP. Please refer to our earnings release, which is posted at www.take2games.com, for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and further explanation. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two delivered strong revenue growth and solid non-GAAP earnings for both the fourth quarter and fiscal 2013. These results were driven by robust demand for our new releases, catalog titles and expanding portfolio of digitally delivered offerings. While many in our sector have faced serious challenges, we continue to benefit from a focus on our core strategic values: creativity, innovation and efficiency. During the past year, our world-class creative teams released some of the industry's most captivating and groundbreaking entertainment experiences. Our unwavering commitment to quality enabled our titles to attract and delight audiences time and time again. This results in near-term hits and sustainable catalog value, which create ongoing profits and long-term returns for our shareholders. Fiscal 2013 began with the release of Rockstar Games Max Payne 3. This gritty action-packed third-person shooter received excellent reviews and introduced multiplayer Gameplay for the first time to this popular franchise. The title delivered Rockstar's signature cinematic style of action and storytelling while redefining the genre, with revolutionary advances in targeting and animation. Max Payne 3 is sold in over 4 million units to date and continues to attract new fans. Borderlands 2 remains on track to become the highest selling release in the history of 2K, with approximately 6 million units sold in to date and counting. The title received fantastic reviews, yielding a 90 average Metacritic score and won more than 55 editorial awards. Borderlands 2 was the largest contributor to our digitally delivered revenue last year based on high demand for the game's innovative downloadable add-on content, as well as full game downloads. NBA 2K13 won more than 38 editorial honors, including numerous Sports Game of the Year awards, and quickly became the most profitable sports title in the history of 2K. This is the 12th consecutive year in which we delivered the topped ranked NBA simulation game and the third consecutive release of the franchise to sell in more than 5 million units. The performance of NBA 2K13 has been enhanced by record digital sales for the franchise, including virtual goods. The team at Visual Concepts continues to raise the bar for excellence with each annual release of the series. XCOM: Enemy Unknown reimagines one of the industry's most beloved franchises, as a unique turn-based strategy game. Developed by 2K's Firaxis Games studio, XCOM: Enemy Unknown was one of the highest-rated releases of 2012, achieving a near 90 average Metacritic score and winning an impressive 18 Game of the Year awards. The title has generated particularly strong digitally delivered sales, and it's opened the door for future brand extensions, which Karl will discuss. We wound up the fiscal year with the eagerly anticipated launch of BioShock Infinite, the highest-rated release of 2013 so far, with a terrific 94 average Metacritic score. Critics have universally praised BioShock Infinite, with the Associated Press calling it "a new standard for video game storytelling" and NBC News declaring it "a masterpiece." The title is already a commercial success with over 3.7 million units sold in to date and record first-month sell-through for the franchise. BioShock Infinite will be supported by an array of downloadable add-on content. And we're already seeing solid attach rates for its Season Pass. I'd like to congratulate Ken Levine and the team at Irrational Games, as well as the team at 2K for turning this launch into a major tentpole event for our company and the industry. I'd like to take a moment to commend everyone at 2K for consecutively launching 4 of the past year's most critically acclaimed titles. That's simply an outstanding achievement. It bears noting that since its founding in 2005, 2K has flourished to become a home for some of our industry's top talent and most important franchises. Moreover, 2K's success has played an integral role in our diversification, growth and ability to deliver consistent profits. Our fiscal 2013 results also benefited from robust sales of catalog titles, particularly Rockstar Games' iconic Grand Theft Auto IV and Red Dead Redemption, as well as the profitable release of Major League Baseball 2K13. In addition to delivering stronger financial results, we continue to execute our strategic objectives during the past year. We further diversified our business across distribution channels, expanded our offerings for new platforms and geographies and enhanced our portfolio of industry-leading franchises. We remain keenly judicious and analytical in our approach, mindfully balancing increased risk with increased reward. To that end, we expanded aggressively our digitally delivered offerings for both traditional and emerging platforms, which are contributing significantly to our growth and profitability. Most of our new releases are now available for digital download on the day of launch, and all of our fiscal 2013 AAA releases are being supported by innovative downloadable add-on content. We're also now receiving high-margin revenue from in-game purchases of virtual goods, both in front-line titles such as NBA 2K13 and in mobile and online titles, many of which are free-to-play. During fiscal 2013, we generated record digitally delivered revenue, which accounted for 22% of our total. We broadened our mobile slate with core releases including Max Payne Mobile, Borderlands Legends, NBA 2K13 and Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. Casual releases such as Herd, Herd, Herd and GridBlock and our first mobile social game for Japan, NBA 2K All Stars. We continue to believe that interactive entertainment for mobile platforms, especially tablets, represents an important emerging growth opportunity. And we've numerous projects in our pipeline, some of which Karl will discuss later. We've also made substantial progress developing online games for Asian markets. NBA 2K Online, developed in partnership with Tencent, launched commercially in China in October. Usage and player engagement with the game continue the game momentum. And according to QQ Games, it's now among the top 10 most played PC games in Internet cafés in China. Pro Baseball 2K, developed in partnership with Nexon Corporation, launched commercially in Korea on May 2. The game offers an authentic Korean Pro Baseball simulation experience based on the MLB 2K engine. And finally, we revealed that the massively multiplayer online game that 2K is developing in partnership with XLGAMES is based on our successful Civilization franchise. Civilization Online will release initially in Korea, and production is being led by online gaming luminary, Jake Song. It's one of the most exciting and ambitious online game development initiatives in the region. We're highly enthusiastic about the opportunity for our online projects to augment our core business with a relatively stable, higher-margin revenue stream over time. In February, we acquired the exclusive worldwide rights to publish the popular WWE franchise across all major platforms and distribution channels. We believe there's an untapped opportunity to enhance further the performance of this profitable franchise by leveraging 2K's superb development and marketing resources, which have made our NBA 2K brand an annual hit. WWE is already contributing to our results with WWE 13. I'm pleased to note that 2013 marks the 20th anniversary of Take-Two. And today, our company stands in a stronger position than at any other time in our history. Although we've come very far, we believe that some of our most successful times are ahead. Interactive entertainment is a cyclical business. Our industry appears poised to enter an exciting growth period, driven by the upcoming launches of the next-generation consoles, as well as the increasing popularity of emerging mobile and online platforms. With our world-class creative teams, diverse portfolio of the highest quality franchises in the business, cutting edge technology and strong balance sheet, Take-Two has all of the assets required to capitalize on these opportunities. Fiscal 2014 promises to be one of our best years ever, highlighted by the upcoming launch of Grand Theft Auto V in September. We also have an extraordinary pipeline of titles in development for next-generation platforms, including groundbreaking new intellectual property and releases from our proven franchises. As a result, our current outlook is to be profitable on a non-GAAP basis in fiscal 2015 and for the foreseeable future. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by giving an update on our recent releases and development pipeline for fiscal year 2014. As mentioned earlier, mobile gaming is an area of increased focus for our company. These offerings generally require much smaller development teams, budgets and timelines than console releases. However, the passion and desire we require of our creative talent to captivate audiences remains a constant. I'd now like to highlight some of our recent and upcoming mobile releases. Firaxis Games, 2K's renowned studio behind our Civilization and XCOM franchises, has been hard at work on several new titles for the iOS-enabled mobile devices. The first is Haunted Hollow, a free-to-play strategy title, which can be enjoyed by families, strategy buffs and horror enthusiasts alike. The game launched on May 2, and the response has been very positive, with game sites such as Kotaku raving that "2K and Firaxis want their players to party." Second is Sid Meier's Ace Patrol, an original title created by the legendary game designer himself, which immerses players in strategic World War I air combat scenarios. This free-to-play title released on May 9 and offers the high-quality 3D strategy experience that players expect from Sid Meier and Firaxis. Anticipation for the title was high, with Wall Street Journal noting that Ace Patrol marks one of Take-Two's "biggest steps in its effort to become an influential player in the mobile market." And finally, we will release our critically acclaimed console and PC title, XCOM: Enemy Unknown for iOS this summer. XCOM: Enemy Unknown was one of the highest-rated releases of 2012, and the iOS version will offer a full experience to mobile gamers. We'll have more mobile titles to discuss in the coming months. Turning to our console and PC releases. This year, we'll have several new downloadable add-on content offerings from Borderlands 2 and BioShock Infinite that will further immerse players in these incredibly popular and successful titles. Consumers who took advantage of our Season Pass savings will be amongst the first to expand their experiences in Pandora and Columbia with even more Gameplay content. To date, we have announced new content launching for Borderlands 2 tomorrow and on June 25. Building on the success of Sid Meier's Civilization V: Gods & Kings Expansion Pack, which was released last summer, 2K will release Sid Meier's Civilization V: Brave New World on July 9. This second expansion pack for the award-winning Civilization V will provide new depth and replayability through the introduction of international trade, as well as a focus on culture and diplomacy. On August 20, 2K Marin, the studio behind BioShock 2, will expand our successful XCOM franchise with the release of the Bureau: XCOM Declassified. Set in 1962, at the height of the Cold War, this third-person tactical shooter tells the story of the founding of the top-secret XCOM organization. We're very excited about Marin's vision for this title, the result of which is a narrative-driven experience that will challenge players unlike any other third-person tactical shooter. Turning to what many in our industry are predicting to be the biggest and most important launch of the current console generation, Grand Theft Auto V is on track for its planned worldwide release launch on September 17. Rockstar Games recently released 3 new character trailers to an overwhelmingly positive response from both fans and media. In addition, 2 weeks ago, the game was demoed for press, and resulting converse has been exponential -- I'm sorry, exceptional. It's worth noting that people are responding not only to the game's vast size and scope but also to its innovative 3-character structure and heist mission design, which offer immense opportunities for game play and storytelling that should raise the bar, not only for this franchise but for all interactive entertainment. Rockstar Games continues to prove that they have the passion and scale to take meaningful creative risks with one of the world's biggest entertainment brands. We're confident that the team at Rockstar North is creating something genuinely special, and look forward to the game's release in September. On October 1, NBA 2K14 will return to the hardwood and Visual Concepts is poised to, once again, raise the bar in sports gaming with the #1 basketball video game franchise for more than a decade. In October 29, 2K will put gamers in the squared circle with some of biggest names in sports entertainment today, for the launch of WWE 2K14. The title promises to build on the successful franchise, which we recently acquired. I'd now like to take a moment to discuss the upcoming E3 show in Los Angeles. This year, our labels will not have a booth on the show floor. Both Rockstar Games and 2K have instead decided to focus their marketing and PR efforts on a series of events throughout the spring and summer. Our team, however, will be present at the show, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. As stated earlier by Strauss, today, Take-Two is better positioned for consistent profitability than in any other time in its history. We've built one of the strongest intellectual property portfolios in our industry, including 9 franchises with individual titles that have sold in 5 million units or more. Fueled by our existing portfolio of franchises and ongoing initiatives to develop new intellectual property, we have an extensive pipeline of unannounced core titles in development for multiple platforms, including next-gen consoles. We plan to support many of these releases with downloadable add-on content and other incremental revenue opportunities. In addition, we have numerous titles in development for mobile and online platforms, which range from core gaming to more casual and social experiences. And finally, we have our online initiatives in Asia, which are expected to contribute growing revenue and profits in 2014. In closing, I'd like to join Strauss in congratulating and thanking all of our employees for delivering such fantastic titles and results this year. We are highly optimistic about our long-term outlook and are confident that our best days are still yet to come. Thanks, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2013, and then discuss our outlook for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2014. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, and all comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurement. Starting with our results for the fourth quarter, net revenue increased 105% to $303.1 million. This exceeded our outlook range of $235 million to $285 million due to the blockbuster release of BioShock Infinite, along with the strong sales of catalog titles and digitally delivered offerings. Catalog sales accounted for 25% of net revenue, led by Grand Theft Auto IV, Red Dead Redemption and Sid Meier's Civilization V. Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 192% year-over-year and accounted for 27% of net revenue. The largest contributors were offerings for Borderlands 2, BioShock Infinite, the Grand Theft Auto franchise and NBA 2K13. In addition, continuing sales of NBA 2K13 and Borderlands 2, along with the release of Major League Baseball 2K13, also contributed meaningfully to our fourth quarter results. Gross margin increased 27.7 percentage points to 49.6%, due primarily to lower license expense as a result of the expiration of our previous contract with Major League Baseball. Operating expenses were approximately $105 million, up about $22 million. The principal driver was higher marketing expenses to support BioShock Infinite. Interest and other expense increased to $2.9 million, due primarily to the absence of a gain-on-sale recorded in the prior year's fiscal fourth quarter. And non-GAAP net income was $42.9 million or $0.38 per diluted share, as compared to a net loss of $50.9 million or $0.60 per share in fiscal fourth quarter 2012. This result significantly exceeded our outlook range of $0.10 to $0.25 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported net income from continuing operations of $21.2 million or $0.23 per share. Turning now to our results for the full year. Net revenue increased 48% to $1.2 billion. This significant growth was driven primarily by our robust slate of fiscal 2013 releases led by Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13, BioShock Infinite and Max Payne 3, along with higher sales of catalog titles from Grand Theft Auto franchise and record sales of digitally delivered content. Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 148% to a record $264 million, the largest contributors were offerings of Borderlands 2, the Grand Theft Auto franchise and NBA 2K13. Gross margin was 42.2%, up 5.6 percentage points from prior year. The increase is due to lower license expense, resulting from the expiration of our previous contract with Major League Baseball, along with the strong performance of our fiscal 2013 releases. Operating expenses were approximately $467 million, up about $150 million over the prior year. The principal driver was higher marketing expenses to support our larger slates of fiscal 2013 releases. Interest and other expense increased to $12.5 million due to the full year impact of the convertible notes that we issued in November of 2011 and the absence of a gain on sale recorded in the prior year. And non-GAAP net income was $33.1 million or $0.36 per diluted share, as compared to net loss of $59.4 million or $0.71 per share in fiscal 2012. On a GAAP basis, we reported a net loss from continuing operations of $31.2 million or $0.36 per share. As previously disclosed, both our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the year include a $15 million negative impact from a onetime contractual obligation, which was recorded in the first quarter. Turning to some key items from our balance sheet. At March 31, 2013, as compared to December 31, 2012, our cash balance decreased to $402.5 million. Our accounts receivable balance increased to $189.6 million, primarily reflecting receivables associated with the release of BioShock Infinite near the end of the fourth quarter. Inventory was relatively flat at $30.2 million, and software development costs and licenses increased to $294.2 million, reflecting the development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases. Now I'll review our financial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal 2014, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with the full year, we expect to deliver significant growth in both revenue and earnings driven by the launch of Grand Theft Auto V, which is planned for September 17, 2013. Our initial outlook is for net revenue to range from $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion and net income to range from $2.05 to $2.30 per share. Turning to the details of our full year outlook. Our expected revenue range assumes the on-time release of the titles we have planned for launch during fiscal 2014. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 65% from Rockstar and 35% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 50% United States and 50% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 3%, primarily due to additional staffing at our studios to support our release schedule. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 15% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $12.5 million, tax expense of about $11 million and fully diluted shares of approximately 122 million, which includes 8 million of participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards and 26 million shares, representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the if-converted method of accounting. Turning to the first quarter. We expect non-GAAP revenue to range from $100 million to $125 million and non-GAAP net loss to range from $0.55 to $0.70 per share. The majority of our revenue in the first quarter is expected to come from Grand Theft Auto franchise, BioShock Infinite, NBA 2K13 and Borderlands 2. We expect first quarter gross margins in the mid to upper 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to decrease by approximately 26% from the prior year's first quarter, driven primarily by lower sales and marketing expense and the absence of the $15 million onetime contractual obligation recognized in the first quarter last year. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 40% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our first quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $3 million, tax expense of about $3 million and a share count of approximately 87 million. In closing, we are pleased to deliver 3 consecutive quarters of strong revenue growth and profits. These results enable us to overcome our first quarter loss and deliver solid non-GAAP earnings for the full year. I would like to join Strauss and Karl in congratulating our employees on their outstanding creative and operational achievements, which make our financial results possible. We will continue to balance our creative drive with a disciplined approach to operational efficiency and capital allocation to drive long-term returns for our shareholders. Thank you. Now I turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank our employees for their stellar work in delivering outstanding results this past year and for setting the stage for I believe will be one of the most exciting chapters in our history. And to our shareholders, I want to express our gratitude for your continued support and belief in our vision. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: I'm just -- I know you don't like to talk about specific games. But if you can look in the aggregate, what type of uplift or the overall percentage of revenue that you are getting from digital components of games like for Borderlands and BioShock and all the other top games, the contributions you're getting from those -- from the digital side there or maybe also the mobile uplift as well, too?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, we don't disclose the breakout. We do talk about the fact that digitally delivered revenue in the quarter was 27% of our net revenues. So it's quite meaningful. But the reason that it's not something we cover is it's really not relevant. Our view is that we should make our products available to consumers wherever they are, however they want to receive it, without regard to platforms. And whether something's delivered on a disc or ephemerally, is really a detail and should be a detail for us. We want to be where the consumers are.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: Three quick questions for you. One, thank you for the guidance post FY '14, I'm talking about FY '15 and beyond, I think that's very helpful. I was wondering if you could just walk through what gives you the confidence to be able to give that guidance now? And the second question is something I don't think we've talked about a lot publicly, but that's your cash balance. Historically, it's never been that big. I was wondering if you could talk about what that cash balance may look like by the end of FY '14? And any potential plans for that cash? And then finally, the 1Q guidance, relatively low, especially given that BioShock had a great release. I'm wondering why the 1Q guidance might not be a little higher given potential reorders on BioShock?
Lainie Goldstein: So Ben, in terms of the foreseeable future, our outlook is based on a multi-year plan, which currently projects ongoing profitability for the company. And then in addition, our development pipeline, which extends out even further, gives us confidence in our ability to be consistently profitable over the long term. So that's really what backs that number up. In terms of our cash balance, we don't share our projections or our cash flow going forward. But we do plan to be cash positive this year, as you can see by our earnings. In terms of the use of the cash, it's really in line with how we look at our cash balance now. And we look for our opportunities for acquisitions, investing in our current pipeline or other titles that make sense for us, as well as in Asia, some of our online titles there. And then we also would look to do -- we announced the share repurchase and if that makes sense for us, we definitely would do that as well. Your third question for me?
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: Just the Q1 guide just seems a little bit low relative to how strong the quarter ended in particularly with BioShock, I'm wondering why Q1 guidance couldn't be higher given potential for BioShock reorders and some other things that are going on in the quarter?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, we definitely do have BioShock reorders scheduled for the quarter and the lifetime units for that title. We definitely -- we have increased our expectations for that, but we also have no major new titles releasing during the quarter. So a lot of the revenue was from our catalog, which has lower margins. And we also have some significant marketing costs for some future releases, as well as for some already released titles in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I believe you said 65% of revenues in fiscal '14 from Rockstar, which equates to somewhere around $1.1 billion to $1.5 billion. Can you -- $1.1 billion to $1.15 billion -- Can you tell us what else besides GTA will be supporting that number? Do you expect a lot of catalog for Rockstar? And then maybe, Strauss, could you tell us just kind of what kind of presence you might have at E3, if any?
Lainie Goldstein: On the 65% from Rockstar, it would be for the GTA release, as well as our strong catalog. And then for E3, he asked...
Strauss H. Zelnick: I'm sorry, I missed that question. Justin, could you repeat that question regarding E3?
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. Just kind of what kind of presence you expect to have this year and what's kind of your just overall philosophy towards that show of having a big presence?
Karl Slatoff: Justin, it's Karl. We do -- as I said in my remarks, we don't plan to have a booth on this floor this year, but we will be there. 2K and Rockstar have other events, marketing and PR events planned over the summer. So our philosophy on the show is that we like the show, we participate in a meaningful way in the show. It's a great place for the industry to get together, and we're highly supportive of it. This year it just didn't make sense for us in the same -- at the same level.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mike Olson Junior with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: One of the assumptions that many people make about transitioning to new console platforms is there'll be related uptick in development expense. But we haven't necessarily heard that from others in this space. Could you just share your thoughts on what you expect for any impact on development expense for next-gen consoles? And then another one related to marketing around GTA V. Just any thoughts around kind of how you're going to be marketing it and then maybe talking high-level about the role that you think marketing plays in the industry today given the sort of concentration of big-budget titles that we're going to see arriving this fall and holiday?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks. We haven't talked specifically about development expense. You're right that, historically, as new platforms enable new work are launched, development expenses have indeed gone up. We're fortunate that we were also able to take our top-quality titles and deliver strong revenues from those titles and, therefore, deliver profitability. So one of our -- 1 of the 3 tenets of our strategic approach here is efficiency, and we aim to be the most efficient company in the business. And that includes development spending. So it's a major area of focus for us. Our goal is to deliver the highest quality titles and sort of market them as effectively, if not more effectively, than anyone else. Which leads me to answer your question on marketing Grand Theft Auto and other titles. And look, I'm really proud of our worldwide marketing and sales operation. I think over and over again, we've proven that, that's a major strategic asset. There are only fewer than a handful of companies that are in the industry who have it. Every time we release a major title, we have to innovate because, basically, when we market something in an innovative way, the industry takes notice. And frankly, when our competitors do, we take notice. So we have some tricks up our sleeve going forward. I'm not going to discuss them today. You'll see them as they unfold. But marketing is obviously a crucial part of what makes us as successful as we have been and intend to continue to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc.: Two questions, if I might. First, an observation. In your press release, you noted that Grand Theft Auto IV continues to be a primary driver of catalog sales, which suggests to me that the title of the franchise has a lot longer legs than maybe one might expect. So my question on Grand Theft Auto is if you look at the slate of title coming out after GTA, what is your -- can you just give us a sense of how you're thinking about DLC or add-on content? I mean, obviously, you're not going to give us a specific plan here, but sort of how you're thinking about keeping the business relationship with the customers that love your game after the core game is launched? And then second question on development expense, also. If we look back 6 years ago at this time, we didn't have an opportunity to put on titles like you guys produced on a flip phone. And today, there's a lot of platforms that may be addressed what you do. What is the distribution of your R&D spend look like for next-gen consoles versus supporting old-gen consoles and versus mobile? How that kind of development budget, if you have a little [ph] dollar, where does it go? Does it go to mobile? Does it go to supporting kind of the core business?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, I think, Daniel. For our AAA releases of late, we've offered downloadable content for all of those releases. So clearly, trying to keep customers engaged, trying to keep the games in their hands and most, importantly, trying to delight our customers remains our primary focus. And the reason we've done, as well as we have is that despite the ups and downs in the marketplace, our scores remain high, and we keep giving customers what they want. So whether that means downloadable content, whether that means companion apps on other devices, whether that means in-game goods, whether that means free-to-play opportunities, we're ecumenical. We want to be where the customer is and on whatever device he or she uses, wherever he or she is all over the world. That's our stated strategy, and we intend to keep on doing it. So we haven't made any specific announcements with regard to downloadable content for future releases. But historically, we have been there. In terms of development expense, we do not break it out among platforms. As you would imagine, our big console tentpole releases are very costly compared to some of our other releases, but we have not broken out those line items.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company.
Douglas Creutz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wonder if you could verify that the guidance you've given for fiscal '14 is just predicated on the titles that you announced to date for fiscal '14, that there's not anything that's critical to that guidance that you haven't announced yet?
Lainie Goldstein: There are some unannounced titles in fiscal '14's guidance. However, they are not very material to the overall outlook for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with national alliance securities.
Michael Hickey - National Alliance Capital Markets, Research Division: Just curious on Rockstar, they've been pacing about 1 big game per year, should we continue to think that's how they're going to perform here at fiscal '15 and beyond?
Strauss H. Zelnick: We haven't talked about how they're going to perform going forward. But putting out one massive tentpole title a year takes an enormous amount of effort. And it's worked very well with Rockstar so far.
Michael Hickey - National Alliance Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then just curious, Strauss, what you think on next-gen software pricing. I mean, I pre-ordered GTA V today at $60. It's pretty close to next-gen consoles coming out. Do you think you're going to have a premium to where current gen is currently priced? Or how do you think that's going to impact current gen pricing, I guess, is what I'm getting at?
Strauss H. Zelnick: The government doesn't take kindly to me talking about pricing. So we tend not to talk about our pricing. We do offer premium product.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc.: Yes, you do. Okay. And then last question, just curious, on WWE, obviously, it's always been, from what I can tell, a pretty good game here. And I think the marketing benefits a lot from the WWE. I mean what do you think, strategically, on that? Is there other drivers? Is there ancillary products? Is there something else you can do with it? And I'm curious kind of where the breakeven is on that game?
Strauss H. Zelnick: We're really excited about being in business with WWE. I was just at their Massive event and it was extraordinary. I think there were 90,000 fans in the arena, and it was raining. And it's an amazing franchise that pleases the whole family, and we're delighted to be in business with WWE. We're working as closely as possible with the development team and with the WWE folks in Stamford. And we are -- our aim is to put out an A-plus product and give an A-plus marketing that's utterly consistent with the franchise. We think the demographics are sound and growing, and we couldn't be more thrilled. As far as our financial expectations, I think you know that, generally speaking, we try not to enter into arrangements unless we have a good deal of confidence that they're going to be profitable.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions on mobile platforms. Do you see in every differentiation in terms of trends on Android versus iOS, maybe in emerging markets? And then as you think about marketing around those products and around emerging markets, is there -- can you give us any color on how it differentiates from your marketing programs for console-based games?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, I mean, there are -- market by market, there obviously are trends Android versus iOS. iOS is a very powerful domestic platform, Android tends to be a more powerful international platform. But again, our strategy is to make our titles available for all of these platforms and to be ecumenical about it. When we don't have to make a bet, we don't want to make a bet. Occasionally, we do, especially with regard to consoles. But with regard to the mobile platforms, we're pretty much able to support everything that's out there. As you can imagine, our marketing expenses have to be tailored to the economic opportunity. The bulk of the economic opportunity that faces our company now is driven by our AAA console titles and the catalog related thereto. So that's where our marketing expenses go. As mobile titles grow in importance, I'm sure we'll be competitive with our marketing spend. But we are not big believers in the if-we-build-it-they-will-come strategy in business. We tend to be a little more grounded than that. And our view is we want to make sure that there is a market. And then we want to satisfy and delight the market. We do not see it as an opportunity for us to go build a market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the Stephen Ju with Crédit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Strauss, as you have mentioned of the upcoming new consoles and your release slate, is there anything you can share in terms of the cost to port a game between platforms, either down port or up port as you might think it's appropriate? And do you think it will be a relatively straightforward process or something more time-consuming based on the feedback from your development teams?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. And look, there's nothing straightforward about making what we hope will be the standard bearers of the industry. And there's no question that developing for what will be next-gen will be complicated and for the type of titles we do, will be costly. That said, we have a very strong balance sheet, and we align our business with our costs. And one of our 3 strategic objectives is to be the most efficient company in the business. We haven't talked specifically about the cost profile of next-gen releases, and we don't aim to do that now. But we are exceedingly mindful of costs, and we are hopeful that over time, there will be some efficiencies as we support every platform that's out there. But it's too early to say that, that will be the case.
Operator: Mr. Zelnick, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for additional or closing comments.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. We're thrilled to be able to deliver such good news across the board, whether it's our last year -- last quarter's results, last year's results, our guidance for this year or our outlook for the future. We're also pleased that our strategic initiatives are coming along so effectively. We're grateful to our shareholders for their support and first and foremost, to our creative teams, our marketing teams, our distribution teams and the business teams that make it all happen. So thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Hank Diamond – SVP-Investor Relations Strauss Zelnick – Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Karl Slatoff – EVP, Chief Operating Officer Lainie Goldstein – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: James Hardiman – Longbow Research Ben Schachter – Macquarie Capital Arvind Bhatia – Sterne Agee Daniel Ernst – Hudson Square Research Andrew Connor – Piper Jaffray Mike Hickey – National Alliance Securities Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies Saul Ponedd – BMO Capital Markets Phil Boyer – Credit Suisse
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive’s third quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Hank Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two’s conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2013 ended December 31, 2012. Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our Chief Operating Officer; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that Take-Two delivered strong revenue growth, profits, and cash flow in the third quarter. The key drivers of our results were the record-breaking release of NBA 2K13, continued strong sales of Borderlands 2, the successful release of XCOM: Enemy Unknown, and robust holiday sales of our catalog and digital delivered offerings. These results exceeded our outlook and demonstrate that the market for the highest quality interactive entertainment remains strong. NBA 2K13 has quickly become the most profitable release in the history of 2K sports. The title achieved record-setting first week sales and has already sold in nearly 4.5 million units worldwide. Considered by many to be the best release of NBA 2K yet, the title received massive critical acclaim, including more than 37 awards for sports game of the year or best games of 2012. The success of NBA 2K13 has been enhanced by sales of virtual goods and the introduction of our multi-platform NBA 2K Everywhere experience. These offerings allow consumers to immerse themselves further into the game’s authentic basketball culture, both at home and on the go, and helped enable the franchise to generate its highest ever digitally delivered revenues. I’d like to thank the teams at Visual Concepts and 2K for their stellar work and ongoing commitment to excellence. Building on its extraordinary launch in September, Borderlands 2 continues to expand its audience and remains on pace to become the highest selling title in 2K’s history. It has also been the largest contributor to our digitally delivered revenue this year, driven both by strong sales of full-game downloads and high attach rates for the titles out on content, especially the Borderlands 2 season pass. With nearly 6 million units sold in to-date, an average Metacritic score of 90 and 73 end-of-year awards worldwide, Borderlands 2 has taken the already successful Borderlands franchise to another level, enabling it to become one of Take-Two’s and the industry’s most important long-term properties. Rounding out 2K’s slate of successful new titles is XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Developed by the strategy experts at Firaxis Games, XCOM: Enemy Unknown reinvents one of the industry’s most beloved franchises as a unique action strategy game. The title was one of the highest rated releases of 2012, achieving a near 90 Metacritic score, and winning an impressive 18 game of the year awards worldwide. As a result, Firaxis Games received the number one spot in Game Informer magazine’s prestigious Developer of the Year rankings. A commercial success, XCOM: Enemy Unknown has generated particularly strong digitally delivered sales and is being supported with a popular add-on content campaign. With Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13 and XCOM: Enemy Unknown, 2K has delivered three of the 10 highest rated console releases of 2012 based on average Metacritic score. I’d like to congratulate 2K on what’s shaping up to be the label’s best year ever both in terms of financial results and creative achievement. In addition to new releases, an important driver of our third quarter results was strong holiday demand for our popular catalog offerings. Catalog sales continue to be led by Rockstar Games iconic titles, Grand Theft Auto IV and Red Dead Redemption, which are still delighting consumers years after launch. Our diverse portfolio of catalog titles is a valuable asset that sets Take-Two apart from the competition and provides the company with a meaningful and relatively stable revenue and profit stream in virtually every period. Revenue from digitally delivered content more than tripled year-over-year and accounted for 23% of non-GAAP net revenue in the third quarter. The largest contributors were full game downloads and add-on content for our console and PC titles. We also benefited significantly from our growing portfolio of offerings from emerging platforms. During the third quarter, we released several successful titles for tablets and smartphones, representing a range of genres, including Grand Theft Auto Vice City, Borderlands Legends, NBA 2K13, and Herd, Herd, Herd. We firmly believe that interactive entertainment for mobile platforms, especially tablets, represents an important growth opportunity for our company and we have a number of exciting projects in the pipeline. We’ll have more to say about these in the coming months. We also continued to make significant progress in our online projects for Asia, highlighted by the commercial launch of NBA 2K online on the Tencent portal in China. While still in the early stages, our Asian initiatives are already generating cash flow and represent meaningful, high-margin organic growth opportunities without considerable risk. Karl will have more to share about these efforts shortly. Take-Two’s balance sheet is very strong. At quarter end, we had nearly $450 million in cash and no borrowing on our $100 million line of credit. We have ample capital to pursue a variety of investment opportunities and I am pleased to report that our board of directors has authorized the company to return a portion of that capital to shareholders through the repurchase of our own stock. This reflects our confidence in the company’s ability to continue delivering growth, profits, and cash flow over time. As a result of our strong recent results and positive outlook for the remainder of the year highlighted by the upcoming release of BioShock Infinite on March 26, fiscal 2013 is poised to be a profitable year for Take-Two on a non-GAAP basis. Moreover, with Grand Theft Auto V launching on September 17, fiscal 2014 should be one of our best years ever with substantial revenue and earnings growth. Looking ahead, we have an extensive pipeline of unannounced titles in development. We also benefit from what we believe are the strongest assets in our industry, including world-class creative teams, a diverse portfolio of leading intellectual property, ample financial resources, and a sound focus on delivering the highest quality interactive entertainment. As a result, we are well positioned to capitalize on the full range of opportunities for our business, including the next generation of consoles when they come, emerging mobile and online platforms, and new business models. This is an extraordinarily exciting time for our industry, and I’ve never been more optimistic about Take-Two’s long-term outlook for success. I will now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to begin by giving an update on the progress we’ve made with our online initiatives. Our strategy has been to focus on a select number of high-impact projects that have significant strategic and financial value to Take-Two while taking a balanced approach to managing risk. As with our core business, we believe that the strength of our IP and commitment to quality can create compelling commercial opportunities that will differentiate us from other players in the market. Given their attractive scale and growth characteristics, we have initially focused our efforts on the online gaming market in Asia where we have teamed up with the best-in-class partners whose expertise complements our own. Through each of these projects, we continue to develop deep knowledge of this growing market segment and are building a clear vision of how we can best leverage this expertise on a global scale. On October 24, NBA 2K online, our free-to-play online basketball game, launched on the Tencent portal in China. Co-developed by Visual Concepts and Tencent, the game is generating significant buzz in the region and user metrics are building momentum. We continue to tally gameplay based on consumer behavior and are very enthusiastic about the game’s prospects to become a meaningful contributor to our profits. We plan to bring NBA 2K online to additional markets such as Taiwan and the Philippines. Pro Baseball 2K, our online baseball game, is being developed by Visual Concepts in partnership with Nexon Corporation in Seoul. The game entered closed beta in November in Korea and is on track for an open beta release this spring. And 2K’s massively multi-player online game, Civilization Online, continues to make progress. Currently in development with our Firaxis Games studio and XL Games, which is led by renowned industry veteran Jake Song, Civilization Online is one of the most exciting and ambitious online game development initiatives in the region. I’ll now discuss our announced pipeline of upcoming releases. On February 26, 2K will deliver a worldwide retail release of the Borderlands 2 add-on content pack, which funnels all of the digital content previously released for Borderlands 2 onto a single disc. The Borderlands 2 add-on content pack is a must-have for Borderlands fans who haven’t already downloaded the content, adding hours of additional gameplay and exciting new features for the first two add-on campaigns, Captain Scarlett and Her Pirate’s Booty and Mr. Torgue’s Campaign of Carnage. On March 5, 2K Sports will release Major League Baseball 2K13 for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The title will feature Tampa Bay Rays Cy Young award-winning pitcher David Price as cover athlete and will once again be supported with a perfect game challenge, 2K Sports’ groundbreaking $1 million competition. We are pleased to enter into this new mutually beneficial agreement with various entities associated with Major League Baseball and we expect Major League Baseball 2K13 to contribute to the profitability of 2K Sports. From Irrational Games, the makers of the highest rated first-person shooter ever, BioShock Infinite is set to release March 26. Consumer enthusiasm and buzz for this launch continued to grow by the day and we expect the title to be a significant critical and commercial success. In addition to a series of special additions that are currently available for preorder, fans can purchase BioShock Infinite: Mind in Revolt, an e-book prequel to the title which will be available for the Amazon Kindle beginning February 12 and is free for those who preorder the game through Amazon. Also available free of charge to those who preorder BioShock Infinite is the Industrial Revolution Pack, which includes exclusive access to in-game gear items that boost combat abilities, bonus in-game currency, lock picks and the Industrial Revolution puzzle game on Facebook. For those fans who can’t wait until March 26 to experience BioShock, 2K is currently offering the BioShock Ultimate Rapture Edition. For only $29.99, consumers get both BioShock and BioShock 2, add-on content for both games, which is valued at more than $40, and additional never-before-seen content. Rockstar Games is hard at work on the September 17 release of what gamers around the world are expecting to be the greatest GTA yet, Grand Theft Auto V. With the playable world bigger than Red Dead Redemption, GTA San Andreas and Grand Theft Auto IV combined, Grand Theft Auto V will offer an unprecedented level of immersion and exploration. And finally, 2K Marin continues to make progress on XCOM, its tactical squad-based shooter based on the beloved sci-fi franchise which is planned for release during fiscal year 2014. In closing, I’d like to join Strauss in congratulating 2K on a phenomenal string of critically and commercially successful releases. We have a robust pipeline of announced and unannounced titles in development, and we are very optimistic about our long-term outlook for growth and profitability. Thanks. And I’d like to now turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I’ll review our results for the third quarter and then discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2013. All of the numbers I will be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, and all comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. Starting with our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2013, net revenue increased 71% to $405 million. This result exceeded our outlook range of $325 million to $375 million due to the breakout success of NBA 2K13, along with better than expected holiday sales of catalog and digitally delivered offerings. Catalog sales accounted for 22% of net revenue led by Grand Theft Auto IV and Red Dead Redemption. Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 244% year-over-year and accounted for 23% of net revenue. The largest contributors were offerings for the Borderlands franchise, in particular digital sales of Borderlands 2 and its add-on content, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, the Grand Theft Auto franchise and NBA 2K13. Gross margin increased 1.3 percentage points to 48.1% as this year’s third quarter revenue mix was heavily weighted towards higher-priced new releases versus lower-priced catalog titles in last year’s third quarter. Operating expenses were approximately $111 million, up about $32 million versus the prior year’s third quarter. The principal drivers were higher marketing expenses to support NBA 2K13, XCOM: Enemy Unknown and Borderlands 2, as well as the upcoming release of BioShock Infinite. Interest and other expense increased slightly versus the prior year due primarily to the convertible notes that we issued in November 2011. And non-GAAP net income was $78.8 million, or $0.67 per diluted share as compared to $29 million or $0.27 per diluted share in fiscal third quarter 2012. This result significantly beat our outlook range, which projected non-GAAP net income of $0.45 to $0.50 per diluted share. On a GAAP basis, we reported net income from continuing operations of $70.9 million or $0.66 per diluted share. Turning to some key items from our balance sheet, at December 31, 2012 as compared to September 30, 2012, our cash balance increased to $448.7 million. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to $94.2 million, primarily reflecting cash collected from receivables associated with the release of Borderlands 2 near the end of the second quarter and the releases of NBA 2K13 and XCOM: Enemy Unknown near the beginning of the third quarter. Inventory decreased to $29.7 million, reflecting the shipment of stock on hand for the releases of NBA 2K13 and XCOM: Enemy Unknown and replenishment orders of Borderlands 2. And software development costs and licenses decreased slightly to $274.1 million, reflecting the amortization of development costs for our third-quarter releases. Now I will review our financial outlook for the full year and fourth quarter fiscal 2013, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are increasing the low end of our outlook range for fiscal 2013 to reflect our strong recent business trends. We now expect non-GAAP revenue to range from $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion and non-GAAP net income to range from $0.05 to $0.20 per diluted share. Turning to the details of our full-year outlook, our expected revenue range assumes the on-time release of the titles we have announced today. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be approximately 25% from Rockstar and 75% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40s%. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 32% from fiscal 2012, primarily driven by higher marketing expense to support our new releases and the $15 million one-time contractual obligation recognized in the first quarter. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 21% of net revenue, using the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $13 million, tax expense of about $5 million, and a share count of approximately 92 million, which includes 6 million of participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, we expect to deliver non-GAAP revenue ranging from $235 million to $285 million and non-GAAP net income ranging from $0.10 to $0.25 per diluted share. The majority of our revenue in the fourth quarter is expected to come from the release of BioShock Infinite, continued sales of NBA 2K13 and Borderlands 2, and the release of Major League Baseball 2K13. We expect fourth quarter gross margins in the mid to upper 40s%. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 23% from the prior year’s fourth quarter, driven primarily by higher sales and marketing expense to support our recent and upcoming releases. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 19% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our fourth quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $3 million, tax expense of about $1 million, and a share count of approximately 120 million which includes 7 million of participating shares for unvested stock-based compensation awards and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the if-converted method of accounting. In closing, we are very pleased with our recent business performance. Our better-than-expected results in the past two quarters and strong sales outlook have enabled us to overcome our first-quarter loss and some of the profits for the full year on a non-GAAP basis. We expect to deliver significant revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2014 and return to our shareholders over the long term. Thank you. Now I’ll turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. Our strategy of delivering a select portfolio of the highest quality entertainment experiences continues to serve us well and remains one of the core values of our organization. We strive diligently for excellence with each release. And while that’s not a guarantee for success, it has proven to be the predictable outcome. We continue to balance our creative passion with the rigor and discipline to deliver profits and value to our shareholders over time. I’d like to take a moment to thank our colleagues for their dedication and hard work and our shareholders for their continued support. And we’ll now take your questions. Operator.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of James Hardiman, with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
James Hardiman – Longbow Research:  Hi, good afternoon. And thanks for taking my call and congrats on another great quarter. A couple of quick questions here. Talk a little bit about the move of Grand Theft Auto out of the spring window that you had previously talked about and into September. Maybe give us a little bit of the puts and takes, I guess, A, from a competitive window standpoint, and B, just given the fact that there’s likely to be some next-generation consoles that are going to be coming out shortly after the September release, and ultimately how we should think about the strategy as you’re trying to straddle sort of the current generation and the next generation.
Strauss Zelnick:  Thanks James. Look, Grand Theft Auto stands alone. It’s a unique property. And I think we’re all extraordinarily excited about this title, and we think it’s just going to blow people away frankly at a level I don’t think anyone properly anticipates yet. And the reason that the title is coming out in September is because that’s the time required to make sure it’s everything everyone expects and then some. As it happens, I think September is a great window. The fact is it’s a very open field that early in the fall. And as between late spring heading into the summer doldrums or early fall in an open field, that wasn’t the reason that the title moved, but I think it happens to be a terrific time to launch it. And in terms of next-gen, look, as we all know, first of all, nothing has been announced yet, but assuming the consoles are coming when some of us at least think they are, that’s obviously a very light installed base initially. And I’m confident that this company is going to have an extraordinary array of offerings for next-gen when the time comes.
James Hardiman – Longbow Research:  Great. And then just in terms of MLB 2K, although not recently, you’ve quantified sort of the losses there in the past. Can you just, it sounds like, for the first time in a while, this is going to be a profitable release for you guys in terms of baseball. Can you help us with the comparison versus last year, how much money did you lose on that?
Strauss Zelnick:  We previously announced the range of losses based on a legacy deal that we inherited. I think we said it was typically around $30 million a year. We also announced that that deal entered a sunset period and ultimately expired on its own terms. And the expectations about a new MLB release obviously reflect a new deal. And we are very optimistic and enthusiastic about both the creative elements of that and the financial elements of that.
Karl Slatoff: Yes, and as we said in our statements, we expect that title to contribute to the profitability of 2K Sports.
James Hardiman – Longbow Research:  Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Schachter – Macquarie:  Hey guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. A couple of questions and then a quick follow-up. For GTA V, how should we think about the post-sale revenue opportunities versus previous GTAs? And then separately, on full game downloads, obviously you are having some success there. Is that primarily from Steam and how do the economics differ for that versus physical retail distribution? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick:  In terms of post-sale revenue opportunities, to answer that, I’d have to sort of outline what the expectations are, and I’m going to leave it to Rockstar to talk about the game and what comes after. But just as I said, we couldn’t be more enthusiastic. Our full-game downloads come from an array of places, including Steam, and in terms of our margins, we’ve said this many times before, they are slightly higher for digitally distributed products, but not meaningfully so.
Ben Schachter – Macquarie:  All right. And Strauss, if I could just follow up with one quick one, just high-level, when you think about the next-generation consoles, most likely they’re going to be a lot more focused on media convergence at a higher level beyond just games. How does that impact you and the other publishers?
Strauss Zelnick:  If that happens, and, look, the current consoles allow for all kinds of different media consumption. But if you’re talking about the consoles becoming a set-top box, first of all, I’d be happy to debate that endlessly and I could probably take both sides of the debate, as you know, Ben. But I think the answer is it doesn’t really influence us. People have access to a full array of media choices as it is, and we’re thrilled by that because the launch of new platforms is great for a company positioned the way we are positioned, and tablets have been great for us so far and mobile devices are great for us. Our job is to make the highest quality interactive entertainment and meet consumers where they are, wherever they are in the world, whatever device they want to consume our products on, and be flexible about the business models as well. So do I think that a broad-based offering from a next-gen console affects us? Only to the benefit of people who are more engaged with something they can watch high-quality entertainment on, from us it’s probably a good thing.
Karl Slatoff:  It’s Karl. The other piece is it also creates a potential opportunity for the console to penetrate deeper than they are right now. If it’s attractive as a broad media device, then there may be folks out there that pick it up not as a gaming machine, but in fact now they have access to a gaming machine, and it may encourage them to enter the gaming market as a consumer.
Ben Schachter – Macquarie:  Great, thanks and good luck.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. Please proceed with your question.
Arvind Bhatia – Sterne Agee:  Thank you very much. I’d like to add my congratulations as well. A couple of questions for you guys, first one on your basketball franchise, which continues to do better every year. And I heard you guys talk about your digital revenue there. Is there any way for you guys to help us understand what kind of attach rate you’re getting, whether it’s in dollars or other ways to think about, so we can understand the opportunity beyond just the disc sale. And then similarly, on Borderlands 2, I think you said that was your largest digital contributor. Just generally trying to get a sense of the attach rate beyond the disc? Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick:  Arvind, thank you. We don’t actually talk about attach rates, and ARPUs and the like. Our focus here on a creative basis is what drives the organization, and every year the folks at Visual Concepts try to make basketball better and this year is almost highly rated basketball game we’ve ever had with a 90 Metacritic score and we sold in 4.5 million units. And the unit sales reflect the fact that we are delighting consumers. We’ve offered the opportunity to have a multiplatform experience on the go and for the first time the opportunity is to make in-game purchases. All those things make consumers happy. Happy consumers spend more money. We make more money. It’s a virtuous circle. We tend to think of it that way, we tend to think of it less as a specific numeric attach rate, although of course we could back into that figure. But it doesn’t really tell us very much about what we’re trying to do around here. The same thing with Borderlands. We are putting out digital add-on content because that’s what consumers want. We try to price it fairly. We want everyone’s experience of one of our games to be one where they thought they got more value than the value they paid for and that they’re always happy. And that’s why Metacritic says for the past four years we’ve had the number one quality rating among any third-party publisher. That’s why we have the results we have, and that’s why we have $450 million of cash on our balance sheet.
Arvind Bhatia – Sterne Agee:  One quick follow-up. This kind of ties into where we are in the cycle, et cetera. You’ve got a great property coming up in March in BioShock. I’m wondering, as you review the retail landscape in the next three to six months and what you expect there, has your expectation for BioShock changed at all? What are you seeing in terms of the preorder activity and how reliable that may or may not be at this point in the cycle? Just for planning and modeling purposes, how are you thinking about BioShock? That would be helpful.
Strauss Zelnick:  Look, the retail landscape is interesting. If you go back just nine months, things were looking pretty bleak and there were a lot of people just saying the industry is in decline. And we denied that that was the case. It’s certainly not our view. Our view was the industry had had some disappointments, and frankly we’ve had some disappointments. This is an industry that, like all entertainment businesses, relies upon hits for its health and well-being. And it’s further complicated by the nature of the hardware console cycle. And we are heading into the late stages of that cycle. All that said, there’s a huge install base. And you give people what they want, they come out for it. This quarter is living proof of that. BioShock Infinite is shaping up really well. The buzz is extraordinary. The title has already won a lot of awards. We have the highest expectations for it.
Arvind Bhatia – Sterne Agee:  Appreciate it guys. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Ernst – Hudson Square Research:  Yes. Good evening. Thanks for taking my call. A couple of questions about digital. One is, in the past, you’ve said that it really is the margins aren’t all that different. And I’m wondering, given the margin progression you’ve had lately and the success you’ve had in digital, what the margin profile of digital overall is looking for the business versus package today. And then two, as it relates to Borderlands and wouldn’t more broadly in digital what opportunities you have in creating more of an ongoing relationship with your customers, certainly fans of GTA or fans of Borderlands have affinity to that game but do you have an opportunity in there with things like season pass or others in having more of an ongoing either relationship of building relationship versus just kind one off downloads? Thanks.
Lainie Goldstein:  Daniel, It’s Lainie. I’m just going to answer your first question about digital on the margins. So we have said before that we see that the margins are pretty much in line with what we see at retail margins. But from time to time depending on the title, if the title’s a hit and there is a tremendous amount of volume for the title, depending on what the cap software was to develop the download or the marketing cost we can see a bit of a better margin than the retail, but overall in the grand scheme its pretty much in line. As a percentage of revenue it seems to be a bit stronger because of some of the deals that we have with third parties and how we’re capturing the revenue on this top line.
Strauss Zelnick:  Yeah. Your point about on ongoing relationship with consumers is a good one, because just a few short years ago we’d put out a big release and that was pretty much it, then you’d put out your catalog offerings. This company had a faded strategy to build up its catalog offerings based on the quality of what we do, and I think pound for pound we have the best selling titles per SKU in the industry which reflects our quality. Then we were also a standard bearer in delivering our content for our titles with the launch of Grand Theft Auto IV and the downloadable content packs that came along with that. And you’re wise to point out Borderlands because Borderlands itself has been a standard bearer for add-on content delivered digitally, well done. Does that mean that these games will transition into a situation where you are constantly putting out new episodes and that bridges you from release to release? We don’t see the business shaping up that way but it does mean that the life cycle is extended greatly and we’ll continue to experiment with what this means creatively for consumers. I also think as you see tablets roll out and become the more and more important game platform that episodic treatment of games may become much more relevant for tablets given the perceived price point limitations for a tablet. But we’ll see if it turns out that way. What you are hearing though is we are not role based, we are flexible. We will try anything that delights consumers as long as it fits within the rubric of the very highest quality releases in the industry.
Daniel Ernst – Hudson Square Research:  Great. Thanks for the color. And just one other follow-up on next-gen, what you’re thinking about development budgets having to develop for both the current gen and the next-gen on some key titles. So in the sports titles, or annual type of events is that going to strain development budgets heading into next fiscal year? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick:  We don’t have any reason to believe our development budgets will change significantly and if anything I would say we’ve become group wide much tighter in terms of how we spend our money. There’s been a challenge, a stated challenge for us and we are very, very focused on it. So we can’t say specifically, but no, we don’t expect to see a meaningful change and what it cost us to release these top quality products.
Daniel Ernst – Hudson Square Research:  Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson Junior with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Connor – Piper Jaffray:  Hi guys. Great quarter. This is Andrew Connor on for Mike. I had a high level question. The installed base today is obviously very large and it appears that the 360 and the PS3 are going to continue to be major influencers in the space. Similar to the prior cycle transition, I’m sure there will be lots of cross-generational software for the next couple of years post-launch. But my question is really how do you go about developing for both current and next-generation consoles, when clearly the development teams want to be innovating, and yet there is a trade-off where we’ll have to be accommodating to the current installed base? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick:  Well, you’re right, navigating this part of the cycle is a challenge. I’m actually really pleased with the way we’ve done it. Obviously, we’ve released our major release schedule for the coming periods and we’re excited about that. We really can’t talk much about next-gen because we’re not the ones to talk about it first. But rest assured that, around here, we think as far ahead as we possibly can, as do our creative teams. And everyone is really excited about the possibilities and we’re working diligently on them. And I’m very confident that we’ll navigate the transition when it does occur successfully. I’ve said before and I’ll repeat it, there are four elements that you need to succeed in these transition periods. And that these transition periods present enormous challenges for companies that don’t have them and enormous benefits there for those who do. They are strong owned intellectual property, strong creative teams in-house, strong technology and a strong balance sheet. We have all four.
Andrew Connor – Piper Jaffray:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with National Alliance Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Hickey – National Alliance Securities:  Hey guys. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. Strauss, historically, you’ve kind of been, not to put words in your mouth, but hesitant to believe in the Facebook market. And now that it looks like Facebook is kind of resetting towards an interest in developing something for the core gamers, and given that’s your development expertise, I was curious if you’d kind of reset how you think about that and if you’re developing any games, core games, for Facebook.
Strauss Zelnick:  No, I wasn’t skeptical about Facebook. I was skeptical about Zynga to be exact. And I remain highly skeptical about Zynga. Facebook is an incredible platform serving hundreds of millions of people, a great promotional platform and potentially a great game platform. We’ve happily done business with Facebook. I assume we’ll keep doing so.
Mike Hickey – National Alliance Securities:  And then for next-gen consoles, I’m hearing that the portability of current-gen is going to be a lot easier. And so I think this question has been kind of dragged into the dirt here, but just philosophically, you see Bungie looking to do a dual generation launch, given how close they are to next-gen machines. And I mean, it’s pretty obvious that once the next-gen is announced from Sony, which is likely February 20 and Microsoft probably in April, that all things being equal, even as great as GTA is there’s going to be kind of a natural demand kickback on current-gen software as people save up dollars and excitement for next-gen. So not to get any specific on data, necessarily on a particular game, but all things being equal, if you had the opportunity to do a dual-generation launch, would you see that as a net benefit or is it too arbitrary to even know?
Strauss Zelnick:  Mike, let’s have a little gentlemen’s bet. But there is not one gamer who’s going to sit it out of Grand Theft Auto V hoping that something down the road is going to come along that’s better. Grand Theft Auto V is going to blow everyone away, and it will be in the market in September. In terms of strategy around current-gen and next-gen, we have to wait for the announcements. And as I said, look, we’re always looking over our shoulder. I’m a big believer that arrogance is the enemy of continued success. But we are planning as well as we can, and we think we are extremely well positioned. And our creative teams have a burning desire to bring consumers what they want, when they want it, and I’m convinced we’re going to keep doing that.
Mike Hickey – National Alliance Securities:  Okay. And the last question, if you would, there is kind of nontraditional approaches to controlling the living room from a games perspective and maybe outside of that, but you have Oya that is looking to kind of do a free-to-play DROID model that’s expected to drop in June. You have Bowles that is looking to kind of bridge the PC to TV market. You have a lot of people, intelligent people, trying to create effective mainstream solutions from the tablet market to the TV. I’m just curious, when you look at these different trends, emerging technology trends, relative to your development expertise, where do you see the best opportunity?
Strauss Zelnick:  All of the above. Our opportunities, we obviously go where the audiences are. So in certain instances, we are not going to spend the resources unless there is a demonstrated audience. When you have the top intellectual property in the business, you can afford to be a little reticent. The one thing we wouldn’t do would be support everything at enormous expense to our P&L and our balance sheet without knowing where the audience is going. But we’ve always been willing to support meaningful initiatives very early on, even when there wasn’t a big installed base. And I imagine that selectively we’ll do that. What typically happens is our creative teams look at the opportunity and they weigh the cost and the complexity of supporting the platform with the potential audience and the economic opportunity, as well as the creative opportunity and whether it turns them on or not. Our stated strategy though is not to be rule-based, to be flexible, and to be wherever the consumers are.
Mike Hickey – National Alliance Securities:  Great. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies:  Thanks. I’m curious if you’re seeing any differentiation around engagement or purchase prevalence across kind of iOS or Android or smartphones or tablets? And then a second question in terms of timing on MBA expansion into Taiwan and Philippines, how should we think about that? Maybe a little color. Is it a meaningful coding experience or is it more market timing? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: Just to clarify, you’re asking a question about whether we see different demographics across these different tablets?
Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies:  Yes, maybe indirectly or I guess do you find a tablet guy purchasing more than somebody else or an Android guy purchasing less than an iOS guy?
Strauss Zelnick:  We haven’t seen a meaningful difference as yet, but it’s kind of swamped by the various growth factors and different territories of the different devices and also swamped by the fact that we don’t put out everything for every platform simultaneously. So, I’m not sure we can read it that well. We’re still really in early-stage experimentation mode. And I’m sorry, your second question? We haven’t really talked about how we’re rolling out in other territories. We do have the rights and the ability to roll out in other territories. And we are always balancing the opportunity with the risk. It’s still early days, but we are exceedingly encouraged by what we’re seeing in Asia, and we are now generating revenue and cash flow from Asia.
Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies:  Great, thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Saul Ponedd – BMO Capital Markets: Hi, this is Saul Ponedd for Edward Williams. I was just wondering. Can you provide some more color on how NBA 2K online is doing in Asia, perhaps how it’s tracking or what timeframe you were considering it to be coming to profit, you know how the economics differ in other regions?
Karl Slatoff: Hi, it’s Karl. As we said in our comments, we’re very pleased with how the metrics are tracking NBA in China right now on the Tencent platform. In terms of how fast we’re going to be rolling it out other territories, et cetera, we really don’t have anything else to say about it at this point. But like we said before, we’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made together with VC and Tencent.
Saul Ponedd – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. And then just how did the economics differ just between like the various regions? Is it...
Karl Slatoff:  On the NBA game?
Saul Ponedd – BMO Capital Markets:  Yes, the online game?
Karl Slatoff:  Okay. We are only in China right now. So I would say there’s no differentiation because we are only in one market.
Saul Ponedd – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. And then just final question on digital. Can you just remind me, do you recognize the gross amount or the net amount?
Lainie Goldstein:  We recognize the net amount.
Saul Ponedd – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Phil Boyer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Boyer – Credit Suisse:  Hi guys. I just had a quick question. On the digitally delivered, you guys mentioned it was 23% of net revenue. I was wondering if you can give me any color on where most of that is coming from?
Lainie Goldstein:  Most of it is coming from Borderlands 2 in this quarter and then also from our catalog.
Phil Boyer – Credit Suisse:  Okay.
Lainie Goldstein:  And also NBA 2K13.
Phil Boyer – Credit Suisse:  Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator:  Mr. Zelnick, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to thank everyone for attending today’s call. Obviously we are very encouraged by the results we have released we are excited about in BioShock Infinite, we are very focused on that. And on keeping the momentum going on in our digitally delivered offerings and our catalogue offerings and of course we are all immensely excited about next year’s releases, including but not limited to Grand Theft Auto V. So it’s a good time for us. We are very encouraged, very optimistic. And again thank you for joining us.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-10-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Henry Diamond Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Special Litigation Committee Karl Slatoff - Chief Operating Officer Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Douglas Creutz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Atul Bagga - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive's Second Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013 ended September 30, 2012. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our Chief Operating Officer; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Before we get started, I'd just like to take a minute to acknowledge that those of us who are here in New York have witnessed and experienced a pretty tough couple of days with the storm that just came through here. Our team has been very fortunate. We are not unmindful of the fact there's been a significant loss of life in this tragedy, a great deal of loss of property and a great deal of displacement and dislocation. Our own headquarters have been displaced by the events. We're located downtown. And I think our team has done an extraordinary job of conducting business as usual despite that, for which I'm immensely grateful. I did want to acknowledge, in the light of that, what we're about to talk today is business. And our business is that of providing people with light entertainment. We take it very seriously but it is -- pales in comparison to the seriousness of these events and we want to acknowledge that. That said, it's our job to go on with things and we aim to do that. In that context, I'm pleased to report that Take-Two delivered exceedingly strong results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013. Our revenue and our earnings beat guidance due to the success of 2K's Borderlands 2, along with robust demand for our catalog and our digitally delivered offerings. Borderlands 2 has become one of the most critically and commercially successful releases in 2K's history. The title received stellar reviews from the media and consumers alike, achieving an average Metacritic score of 90, including a perfect 100 from PlayStation: The Official Magazine, and a near-perfect 98 from Game Informer. It's already sold more than 5 million units worldwide and consumer demand for the title remains strong. Like its predecessor, Borderlands 2 is being supported by an array of downloadable add-on content that promises to keep consumers engaged with the title for many months beyond its launch. I'd like to take a minute to congratulate the teams of 2K and Gearbox for building upon the successful franchise with another superb entertainment experience. Digitally delivered content for both traditional and emerging platforms represents an important component of our strategy to drive growth and profits. During the second quarter, our revenue from digitally delivered content more than doubled year-over-year and accounted for 20% of non-GAAP net revenue. The largest contributor was full game downloads of Borderlands 2 as well as strong demand for our PC titles, add-on content offerings and mobile titles. We expect digitally delivered revenue to continue to grow significantly over time, particularly once our online projects in Asia reach critical mass. Our diverse portfolio of catalog offerings is an important asset that differentiates Take-Two from our competition. During the second quarter, we continued to benefit from strong demand for our most iconic titles, including Grand Theft Auto IV and Red Dead Redemption, which are still generating meaningful revenues and profits years after initial launch. Building upon the momentum of Borderlands 2, 2K has delivered a winning trifecta of stellar releases with the October launches of NBA 2K13 and XCOM: Enemy Unknown. NBA 2K13 has once again raised the bar of excellence for our basketball franchise and further cemented its well-earned place in pop culture. The title received critical acclaim, including a perfect 10 from PlayStation: The Official Magazine, who said that the game's improvements, "elevates 2K13 beyond mere annual greatness and into a Hall of Fame consideration." In addition, this year's version breaks new ground with the introduction of NBA 2K Everywhere. This multi-platform offering gives fans the opportunity to experience NBA 2K via an all-new mobile companion app, a social game on Facebook, and a full feature version of the game for tablets and smartphones. During the first week after its release, NBA 2K13 sold through 49% more units than the franchise's previous fastest seller. Moreover, in-game purchases are exceeding our expectations and, for the first time, are poised to be a meaningful contributor to the game's bottom line. I'd like to congratulate the team at Visual Concepts for delivering what is shaping up to be our most successful sports release ever. XCOM: Enemy Unknown marked the return of one of the interactive entertainment industry's most beloved franchises. The game has received rave reviews, yielding an average Metacritic score of near 90. Game Informer called the title a singular achievement that every gamer deserves to experience and awarded it their game of the month honors and a 9.5 out of 10. XCOM: Enemy Unknown is generating particularly strong digitally delivered sales and promises to be another commercial success for 2K. I'd like to congratulate Firaxis Games on reimagining this franchise and creating a truly one-of-a-kind experience for consumers. Looking ahead, we have a strong pipeline of announced and unannounced titles in development, which we're confident will continue to delight and captivate consumers around the world. Without question, our most eagerly anticipated release is Grand Theft Auto V, which Rockstar Games yesterday announced is planned for worldwide launch during spring 2013. While the current fiscal year began with a disappointing first quarter, today our business is firing on all cylinders. Our second quarter results and recent business trends have exceeded our expectations, and the outlook for our upcoming releases such as BioShock Infinite is stronger than ever. As a result, we continue to expect to deliver revenue growth and non-GAAP profits for fiscal year 2013, even without a major new release of Grand Theft Auto, and we're positioned to generate substantial revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2014. I'd like to turn the call now over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to join Strauss in congratulating 2K and teams at Visual Concepts, Firaxis Games and Gearbox Software for delivering such an incredible array of titles over the past 6 weeks. I'll now turn to our upcoming releases. 2K will build on its success with Borderlands 2 by launching a series of downloadable add-on campaigns for the game. Our first Borderlands title redefined add-on content and, according to research from EEDAR, was able to achieve attach rates more than double the industry average. Earlier this month, 2K released a fifth playable character class, the Necromancer, as well as the first add-on campaign, Captain Scarlett and Her Pirate's Booty, which immerse players in an all-new storyline, expansive environment and hours of additional shooter-looter action. A second add-on campaign will be released soon and all 4 planned add-on campaigns will be available by June 2013 and can be purchased at a discounted price through the Borderlands 2 Season Pass. Today, 2K launched Borderlands Legends, an all-new action-packed Borderlands experience designed specifically for mobile devices. Legends is available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch, and 2K is exploring bringing the game to additional mobile devices. An action RPG-strategy hybrid with intuitive touch-based commands and a slick user interface, Borderlands Legends combines the inventory and skill tree management that gamers love about the franchise while adding a layer of strategy that resonates well on mobile devices. 2K is supporting XCOM: Enemy Unknown with 2 new downloadable add-on content packages available this year, along with additional content planned for 2013. The first of the 2 new packs, the Slingshot Content Pack, will be available soon and includes 3 linked council missions with new maps, a new playable squad character with a unique story and voice, and new character customization options. In addition, players can now purchase the elite soldier pack, which was originally available as part of the game's pre-order and launch program and includes a classic XCOM soldier, soldier decal packs for customization, and complete color customization to soldier armor suits. Yesterday, Rockstar Games released the Hostage Negotiation downloadable content pack for Max Payne 3 on Xbox LIVE, PlayStation Network and PC, featuring new multiplayer maps, items, weapons, avatars and more. Later this year, Rockstar will release 2 additional downloadable content packs for Max Payne 3. The Painful Memories Pack adds even more maps and other content to multiplayer, while the Deathmatch Made in Heaven Pack adds new multiplayer modes, including the highly anticipated inclusion of co-op play. On November 6, Rockstar Games will release the Rockstar Games Collection Edition 1. This premium box set for the Xbox 360 and PS3 contains 4 of the label's most popular and critically acclaimed titles, including Red Dead Redemption, Grand Theft Auto Episodes from Liberty City, L.A. Noire, and Midnight Club: Los Angeles Complete Edition. At a suggested retail price of $59.99, this collection is both an incredible value and perfectly timed for the holiday season. Also this fall, in celebration of the title's 10th anniversary, Rockstar Games plans to release a mobile version of Grand Theft Auto Vice City for a wide range of iOS and Android devices. This will be our second offering of a full console experience of Grand Theft Auto designed for tablets and smartphones, joining Grand Theft Auto III: 10th Anniversary Edition, which has been our highest selling mobile release to date. On November 18, 2K Sports will release our first offering for the Wii U, NBA 2K13, as part of the anticipated launch of Nintendo's new console. Also in November, 2K Play will launch our 2012 lineup of Nickelodeon games. Nickelodeon Dance 2 for consoles will keep gamers active with new songs and dances, while our handheld games will highlight the imaginative and educational worlds of Dora; Team Umizoomi; and its newest hit preschool program, the Bubble Guppies. BioShock Infinite is progressing in its development at Irrational Games and is planned to launch on February 26, 2013. We recently announced our pre-order incentives, revealed our special editions and launched a new trailer, which is showing high levels of engagement from consumers and media alike. As GameSpot put it, "The latest trial for BioShock Infinite has exploded online and it packs one hell of a punch." 2K Marin continues to move forward with the development of XCOM, a tactical squad-based shooter offering a strong character-driven experience, which is planned for release during fiscal year 2014. And as most of you probably know, Rockstar Games yesterday announced the exciting news that Grand Theft Auto V is planned for worldwide launch during spring 2013. Beginning November 5, fans worldwide can pre-order the title and more information will be revealed in first-look previews releasing throughout November, starting with an 18-page spread in the next issue of Game Informer, which debuts November 8. Now I'd like to highlight some recent progress on our initiatives to broaden the company's offerings for online and mobile platforms, which are in addition to those already discussed by Strauss. One component of our global strategy has been to partner with local experts to develop online and mobile games for Asia. Just last week, we revealed that the massively multiplayer ongoing game we've been codeveloping in Korea is based on 2K's successful Civilization strategy franchise. Our Firaxis Games studio is working in partnership with renowned South Korean-based studio XLGAMES to design the title from the ground up as an entirely new online-only entertainment experience for the Asian market. The project is being led by XLGAMES CEO Jake Song, who is famous for his integral role in creating the popular Korean massive multiplayer online role-playing game Lineage, which has attracted 43 million players. Mr. Song is leading a team of more than 100 people in Seoul, making it one of the most ambitious online game development initiatives in South Korea. Earlier this month, we announced that Pro Baseball 2K, our online baseball simulation game for Korea, which Visual Concepts is developing in partnership with Nexon Corporation in Seoul, is expected to enter open beta during spring 2013. Pro Baseball 2K will deliver the high-quality presentation and simulation game play that 2K Sports is known for, featuring authentic and true-to-life representations of professional players of the Korean Baseball Organization. On October 24, NBA 2K Online launched commercially on the Tencent Games portal in China. Codeveloped by Visual Concepts and Tencent, this free-to-play game brings the basketball excitement of our NBA 2K franchise to Asia in a massively multiplayer online game format. Results from the open beta phase of the development were encouraging and we are enthusiastic about the prospects for this game to deliver meaningful revenue and profits over time. And in July, 2K Sports released Take-Two's first free-to-play mobile social game for Japan, NBA 2K All Stars, on the GREE social networking platform. This surprise hit attracted more than 300,000 users in 60 days. 2K is also partnering with GREE to develop mobile social games based on its Civilization and Pirates! franchises. In addition, 2K Play will continue to add it to its portfolio of games for mobile devices with a launch of titles including Herd, Herd, Herd, an original property developed by its Cat Daddy Games studio, which will be available for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Android devices. If successful, our online and mobile projects will meaningfully enhance our core business with revenue and profit streams that are higher-margin and more stable over time. In closing, we are focused on delivering the highest quality interactive entertainment to consumers regardless of platform or region. From groundbreaking console games and add-on content, to mobile and online experiences that bring our renowned franchises to new audiences on the go, Take-Two is delivering content that attracts the mind share of consumers and drives growth and profits for our shareholders. Thanks, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the second quarter and then discuss our updated outlook for the full year fiscal 2013 and our initial outlook for the third quarter. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. Starting with our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2013, we delivered net revenue of $288 million, up 169% from the prior year. This result exceeded our outlook range of $200 million to $250 million due to the breakout success of Borderlands 2, along with better-than-expected catalog and digital sales. Catalog sales accounted for 28% of net revenue, led by Grand Theft Auto IV and Red Dead Redemption. Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 108% year-over-year and accounted for 20% of net revenue, driven by offerings for the Borderlands franchise, in particular digital sales of Borderlands 2, as well as the Grand Theft Auto franchise, the Sid Meier's Civilization franchise and Max Payne 3. Gross margin increased to 43.7%, up 13.1 percentage points year-over-year, as this year's second quarter revenue mix was heavily weighted towards higher-priced new releases versus lower-priced catalog titles in last year's second quarter. Operating expenses were approximately $112 million, up about $44 million versus the prior year's second quarter, driven primarily by higher marketing expenses to support the release of Borderlands 2. Interest and other expense increased versus the prior year, primarily due to the convertible notes that we issued in November 2011. And non-GAAP net income was $10.2 million or $0.11 per share as compared to non-GAAP net loss of $39.4 million or $0.47 per share in fiscal second quarter 2012. This result is significantly better than our outlook range, which projected non-GAAP net loss of $0.30 to $0.15 per share. On a GAAP basis, we reported a net loss from continuing operations of $12.4 million or $0.15 per share. Turning to some key items from our balance sheet at September 30, 2012, as compared to June 30, 2012. Our cash balance decreased to $328.3 million. Our accounts receivable balance increased to $155 million, primarily reflecting the release of Borderlands 2 near the end of the second quarter. Inventory increased to $60.6 million, primarily due to stock on hand for our October releases of NBA 2K13 and XCOM: Enemy Unknown, and replenishment orders of Borderlands 2. And software development cost and licenses increased to $281.4 million, reflecting the significant development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases. Now I will review our financial outlook for the full year and third quarter fiscal 2013, which is all provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are updating our financial outlook for fiscal 2013 to reflect our revised assumed release schedule, partially offset by our better-than-expected second-quarter results, strong current business trends and robust sales outlook for the remainder of the year. We now expect non-GAAP revenue to range from $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, and non-GAAP net income to range from breakeven to $0.20 per share. Turning to the details of our full year outlook, our expected revenue range assumes the on-time release of the titles we have announced to date, as well as other titles yet to be announced for release during fiscal 2013. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 25% from Rockstar and 75% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 60% United States and 40% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 30% from fiscal 2012, primarily driven by higher marketing expense to support our new releases and the $15-million onetime contractual obligation recognized in the first quarter. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 22% of net revenue, using the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $13 million, tax expense of about $7 million and fully diluted shares of approximately 92 million, which includes 6 million of participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2013, we expect to deliver non-GAAP revenue ranging from $325 million to $375 million and non-GAAP net income ranging from $0.45 to $0.60 per share. The majority of our revenue in the third quarter is expected to come from the release of NBA 2K13, continued sales of Borderlands 2 and the release of XCOM: Enemy Unknown. We expect third quarter gross margins in the upper 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 40% from the prior year third quarter, driven primarily by higher sales and marketing expense to support our recent and upcoming releases. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 17% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our third quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $3 million, tax expense of about $2 million and a share count of approximately 118 million, which includes 6 million of participating shares for our unvested stock-based compensation awards and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the if-converted method of accounting. In closing, we are pleased with our recent business performance. Our better-than-expected results in the second quarter and strong sales outlook are enabling us to overcome our first-quarter loss and continue to project a profitable fiscal year 2013 on a non-GAAP basis, even without a major new release of Grand Theft Auto. We expect to deliver significant revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2014 and return to our shareholder over the long term. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. Our recent results underscore that Take-Two possesses the key attributes necessary to succeed in today's challenging environment: world-class creative teams, the strongest intellectual property portfolio in the business, a measured strategy to invest in digitally delivered content for both traditional and emerging platforms, and a sound financial footing. We remain committed to delivering the highest quality entertainment experiences that translate into growth and profits for our shareholders. I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work and dedication, especially during these trying times. Everyone has come together as a team, working in some instances remotely, and making sure that the business continues without missing a beat. It's pretty extraordinary. And for that, the entire management team is immensely grateful. I'd also like to thank our shareholders for your continued support for joining us today, and I wish you all safety and soundness for yourselves, your homes, and your families. And with that, we'll take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have just 2 questions on guidance. First, for the holiday quarter, could you tell us what NBA has sold in the past? And then maybe help us understand how you could hit the low end of guidance, I think it's 3 25, with NBA selling very strong, Borderlands presumably getting reorders and XCOM commercially successful. It seems pretty low. Maybe you could kind of -- what would have to happen to hit the low end? And then secondly, when you guided fiscal '13 originally, I think it was over 1.5 years ago, you were willing to guide $2 for that. I'm just kind of wondering, now the GTA has shifted out to fiscal '14, why you can't guide that year at this point?
Lainie Goldstein: It's Lainie. For the holiday quarter, we don't give out on a title-by-title basis how the revenue comes together. But I can tell you that it's based on our best estimates as of right now and how we're selling into the market and what our anticipating is going to be with the holiday season, which we think will be very strong. This is done by a title-by-title basis and rolled out. In terms of fiscal year '14, we're not at the stage right now to give out guidance for that year. So we're not doing so at this time.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And maybe a follow-up. Just to hit the low end though for the holiday quarter, like, would it have to be tough market conditions or would the catalog for NBA really have to fall off? Or what kind of scenario do you see for the low end?
Strauss H. Zelnick: We're not trying to parse it more specifically than that. As Lainie said, we aim with guidance to give our best estimate of where we'll land without too much conservatism or too much optimism. We try to hit what we think will be the case.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Wondered if you could sort of help us think about how we can start modeling in Asia and particularly with NBA now going live in China. And how you're looking at that business, I guess, I'm assuming from a royalty standpoint.
Lainie Goldstein: Eric, it's Lainie. For Asia, we haven't really shared the details on how the economics are going to work for us yet. So I can't really explain exactly how to model it in. For fiscal year '13, it's a pretty small part of our business, but we plan for it to be bigger in the future years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: A couple questions here. I guess, this is a little bit of a follow-up to Justin's question. Can you break down to whatever level possible what's changed since the last earnings call in terms of your outlook? I mean, you touched on it a little bit in the prepared remarks, but you basically beat the second quarter by $0.33 at your midpoint. You're bringing down the full year by $1.70. So basic math would suggest you've basically shifted $2 out of this year and into next. Is it as simple as that? Or are there some other takes, some other things on the negative side of the ledger that I should be considering as I think about earnings power this year and next?
Lainie Goldstein: James, this is Lainie. The difference between the 2 periods, there's a lot of missing -- there's a lot of pieces that go back and forth each quarter as we update our number. The biggest driver is obviously GTA V is now fiscal year '14, and we've announced that it's during spring 2013 release time period, not in this fiscal year. The revised estimates are mostly the updates on our currently released titles. Obviously strength from Borderlands and NBA and our catalog. But there's also other titles that will go up and down depending on how they're performing in the marketplace. And we also feel our -- we have continued strength in our catalog into Q3 and Q4 that's included in our numbers for this year.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Fair enough. Let's talk a little bit about the fourth quarter sort of implied guidance. Obviously, with BioShock Infinite coming out, you guys feel pretty good about how the fourth quarter is shaping up. If I sort of back into a sales number, I'm looking at about $286 million, which is pretty close to what you guys made in the second quarter. But the earnings power seems to be a lot better. How should I think about sort of the margin profile in the fourth quarter? Does that say anything about Borderlands versus BioShock? Or is it -- are there some other margin factors that allow you to generate a little bit more on a similar top line in the fourth quarter?
Lainie Goldstein: For the fourth quarter, which we're not giving guidance out for right now, I can tell you the big drivers will be BioShock Infinite, continued sales of NBA and Borderlands 2 and XCOM. There are some titles that we haven't announced yet. There's also going to be some significant marketing cost during the quarter for some titles for that quarter, as well as for future -- like, future periods right after that.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: So should I take that to mean that given a spring release of Grand Theft Auto, that we're going to see some significant marketing spend this year for a next year release for GTA?
Lainie Goldstein: I'm not going to share that level of detail at this time, but it definitely includes marketing for some of our key titles that would be coming in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia from Sterne Agee.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of things here. One, I wanted to see if you could give us a general idea of how many, say, AAA titles you might be thinking of in fiscal '14. I know you're not giving specific guidance. But just for all of us to be in the ballpark of how you're modeling outside of GTA V, of course you're going to have the annual titles, the NBA, et cetera. But could you at least, at a high level, give us that sense? And then on GTA V, what's the reason that you're not giving a specific date at this point? And logically, this is going to be in the first quarter of next fiscal. But is there any reason why you're not announcing a specific date today?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Arvind, for your questions. We have announced, for fiscal '14, XCOM coming from 2K Marin. And obviously, Rockstar has announced GTA V. And we said before, our release schedule includes announced and unannounced titles. We're not giving more color on fiscal '14 right now, but obviously, we will in the future as we would in the normal course. And with regard to the date for Grand Theft Auto V, spring 2013, we make those announcements based on what we think is best to market the title. And that we think that, that's the right way to describe it and we're just thrilled with the way that is shaping up.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Last question. On BioShock, you mentioned some of the reasons you're feeling stronger. Can you quantify the pre-order trends that you might be seeing with BioShock right now?
Strauss H. Zelnick: We're not giving out that information right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Creutz with Cowen and Company.
Douglas Creutz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give any color on how the Borderlands 2 Season Pass is progressing. If you're willing to give an attach rate, that'd be great. And then if you could discuss how the accounting for the digital revenue is going to flow through your P&L. I assume it's going to be amortized out over several quarters. But if you could just talk about that, that'll be helpful.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, like everything Borderlands and Borderlands-related, the Season Pass is phenomenally successful. Borderlands -- the first Borderlands really set the standard for how downloadable content could be released and how consumers would pay for it and enjoy it. And Borderlands 2 is seeing extraordinary success with its downloadable content, extraordinary success. So we feel just great about that. And Lainie will address the amortization issue.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. For the past [indiscernible] free item. During this quarter, for GAAP purposes, it'll be recognized when it's delivered, which is in Q3. But for non-GAAP purposes, it's included in our numbers in this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: I was wondering if you could help us just understand the potential for the online Asia games going into next year. If you think about how should we rank order them or maybe think about how you're allocating marketing spend or are you involved in those discussions? Are you involved in putting marketing dollars to work there? And then, separately on GTA V, how differently should we think about the online potential there versus the online revenue of the last generation?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. We are involved with all the key decisions on all of our titles. These are partnerships with the strongest local partners in the various local markets in which we operate. And they are real partnerships. So we're involved with every part of the decision-making. We wouldn't normally give details on how much we're spending on any given title. What is nice about online titles is that consumers are involved with the development in a way because you go to beta and you begin to see metrics from the title, and the online titles can be living entities -- living, breathing entities where what the consumers are doing can influence exactly what we're delivering to consumers before we actually go live. And then when we're actually live -- for example, we're now live in China as of the 24th -- we can still further iterate the title to meet consumers' needs and expectations to drive results. So how much we spend on marketing will reflect in no small measure consumer uptake of the title on an ongoing basis. So our expectations prior to launch wouldn't really be that valuable except to say the resources are there to support these titles as they roll out. And the initial indications from China are excellent and very encouraging. And we feel quite encouraged about what we're seeing coming out of Korea as well, and how that might translate to the rest of Asia. I think the second question was about the potential for digital content for Grand Theft Auto V, and it's way too early to discuss those plans. And of course, those discussions would come from Rockstar in the normal course. I think you can safely assume Rockstar, as the label that led the charge in downloadable content with Grand Theft Auto IV, I think you have every reason to believe, particularly because of the groundbreaking nature of the title itself and the multiplayer in the title, that there's going to be a lot of interesting stuff. But I'll leave that to Rockstar to announce.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maybe a little drill down on -- to follow up to Doug's question in terms of the Borderlands pass, is it safe to assume that you're encouraged enough to say, "Hey, we ought to do other pass type of programs with some of our other titles." And then, second question. Initial takes on your thoughts -- with the upcoming Wii U and the Microsoft SmartGlass products, how are you thinking about those and their impacts on the industry?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, we have actually had other season passes. Rockstar has had season passes, and we've been involved with them before and with varying degrees of success. It falls in the category of give consumers what they want at a fair price, and they'll come out for it. In the case of all of our downloadable contents across all of our labels, our goal is always to give consumers more than they pay for, so that when they show up -- when they keep the title as opposed to turning it in, and when they stay involved with the title, we're going to make that really worth their while. And that's true across our entire company. And I think Borderlands is a great example but certainly not the only example of that. Turning to your question about Wii U, we are supporting Wii U. We have NBA 2K coming out for Wii U on the 16th of November, and we're very excited about that. We'll see how it does. In terms of particular devices, I'm a huge believer in tablets. We've been very supportive of all things tablet and mobile-related and we think the world of Microsoft. So we assume they're going to figure it out. They always seem to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Atul Bagga with Lazard Capital Markets.
Atul Bagga - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions on China and Asia business. Can you give us some more color on NBA in China? How big -- what's the user base now? And what kind of monetization you're seeing in China? And second, based on your initiative in China, any plans for bringing NBA free-to-play in the Western market? And lastly, 2, 3 years from now, how do you see -- what could be the scale of this business in China, Korea, Asia?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Atul, for your questions. I can't really help you out. We don't typically give that level of detail and it would be premature to do so anyhow. Obviously, the China market is very, very significant in scale and free-to-play massive multiplayer games can do very well. At any given time, 10 or 20 of them are performing quite well in that marketplace, which creates a business opportunity vastly larger than anywhere else in the world. We have no -- we haven't discussed any plans to bring NBA online elsewhere. We have a great relationship with the NBA and we aim to delight consumers. I think whatever we do will be market-specific. I don't think you'd see a simple port of a title from one market to another. We would tailor anything we do to the needs of the particular market. And in terms of the scale, again, we haven't contemplated, and I think part of that is our approach in general to projections. This is a volatile business. We've said it before. In many instances, we've done better than expectations. In certain sad instances, we've missed our expectations. And we seem to be in a very good period right now and we like that. What we try not to do is -- we try to talk about what we're up to in a way that provides transparency, but not claim success until we actually deliver it. That's typically our approach. So the potential scale for any business in China that's successful is obviously enormous. The potential scale for our businesses there, it remains too early to say. We are trying very hard. We have great partners. We have great intellectual property. I am really proud of what we've been able to do from a standing start. I'm particularly proud because we did it with such limited risk. And that's very important as stewards of other people's capital and our own capital as well, since we're all shareholders here on the phone today. That's a crucial way to look at it and it is the way we look at it. But we try to do the best job we can and success will take care of itself.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: As we're now looking ahead to the big launch next fiscal year, it brings up a question more generally, I think, whether there's any added pressure at the developer level to deliver key titles in advance of next-gen console launches, or even if that plays a part in how you're determining launch windows. And related to that, I wonder how we should think about the ramp-up in operating expenses over the next year on new platforms, if that might mitigate some of the shift in EPS that we see moving out of fiscal '13.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, in terms of timing. I think we are very mindful of the potential console transition. Of course, we rely on the information we receive from our hardware partners, as does the market, and we typically don't comment on it. We are very mindful of an upcoming transition. And the consumer behavior puts a fine point on that because as we head into the maturation of the cycle, we see tie ratios come down and you've seen what happens when that happens. It fits very well with our stated strategy, which is we try really hard to do only the highest-quality titles, the titles that consumers will show up for without regard to where you are in the hardware cycle. In that way, we can really benefit from a large installed base, which we already have and which will grow larger through the holidays for today's hardware. And we are -- while not immune, we are less at risk for the lower tie ratios because we're putting out must-have product. If we don't put out must-have product, we too will be hurt by the fact that people are more selective in their purchases as you head into the end of the cycle. Everyone in our company is mindful of that, not the least our creative teams. So we're all very, very mindful of that. In terms of your second question, we don't have a ramp-up of operating expenses for next generation. Like everyone else in the business, except one of our competitors, once we reach technical feasibility, we capitalize our software development. And at that point, it no longer hits our P&L until we release the title, at which point we amortize it in accordance with GAAP, as you know. So we wouldn't expect our operating expenses to increase. And I think I'll answer a question you didn't necessarily pose, which is -- has been posed, which is, do we believe the titles to be a whole lot more expensive to make for next gen? And the answer is, we do not. In many instances, we believe that it may be somewhat easier to make titles for next-gen, depending on how the technology comes together.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a question about the kind of general pipeline, not necessarily games-specific, but any color that you could provide as far as recurring seasonal strategy for your games? Obviously, you've got NBA 2K, and should we think about May as always including a major Rockstar title like L.A. Noire or Red Dead, or just in general how you're thinking about kind of the annual strategy for some of those games?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, as those of us -- those of you who have followed us for the last 5 years know, we aim to diversify the products of the company and to build up and diversify the release schedule, while staying true to the company's DNA of focusing on owned intellectual property and only the highest quality interactive entertainment. And the company has been extraordinarily successful at diversifying its release schedule. Since 2007, we've released at least one multimillion unit selling title, new intellectual property every year, sometimes more. At the same time, we do not have a strategy of annualizing our titles apart from our sports titles, which are naturally annualized. And the reason is that -- really several-fold. The first is, we want to put out the highest-quality titles and we think it's tough to do that annually, although one of our competitors in particular does a very good job of it. The second is that we think you preserve the lifespan of the intellectual property by limiting the releases to less than annually. And the third is that primarily, we're focused on quality and we put out a title when it's really great and really ready to go. That said, the release schedule is much more robust than it used to be and I expect that to continue to be the case. With regard to our label strategy, first of all, probably better that our labels should talk about it and they do. That said, again, we have -- the commonality we have across the company is to try to be the most creative shop, the most efficient shop, the most innovative shop. And I feel that while we can always do better, we're making strong progress across all 3 of those dimensions.
Operator: Mr. Zelnick, it appears we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Once again, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues at Take-Two for stepping up at this very difficult time. I'd like to thank our shareholders for joining us and we wish you well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-07-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Henry Diamond Strauss H. Zelnick - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Special Litigation Committee Karl Slatoff - Chief Operating Officer Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Michael Hickey - National Alliance Capital Markets, Research Division Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc. Phil Anderson - Longbow Research LLC Thomas Andrews Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive First Quarter 2013 Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you. Mr. Diamond, you may begin.
Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013 ended June 30, 2012. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our Chief Operating Officer; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'm obliged to review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2013 were below expectations, primarily due to lower-than-anticipated sales of Spec Ops: The Line and Max Payne 3. As a hit-driven entertainment company, not every title that we produce will meet our sales targets. Delivering high-quality products supported by a robust marketing campaign is a recipe for success. However, it's not always a guarantee. We firmly believe that Take-Two possesses all of the key attributes necessary to navigate through the inherent volatility of our core business over the long term. Our creative teams are among the best in the industry. We've built one of the strongest intellectual property portfolios in the business, including 9 franchises with individual titles that have sold in 5 million or more units. We have cutting-edge development tools and technology, and our strong balance sheet and liquidity provide a strong financial footing. Today, consumers are increasingly discerning and have an appetite for only the highest quality games that are true leaders within their genre. We believe that their upcoming releases, including Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13, BioShock Infinite and Grand Theft Auto V, among others, will be just that. And our groundbreaking titles are not limited to new releases. Our diverse portfolio of catalog titles, especially Grand Theft Auto IV and Red Dead Redemption continues to attract new audiences years after launch. In fact, sales of both these titles grew in the first quarter versus last year, and our overall catalog sales were up 50%. In addition to growing our core console and PC business, we're actively investing in digitally delivered content for online and mobile platforms. These emerging areas of interactive entertainment are high growth, not tied to the console cycle and present opportunities to generate more stable, higher-margin revenue streams over time. Some of our recent achievements include the following. We entered open beta for NBA 2K Online, our free-to-play MMO game, on the Tencent Games portal in China. Early user metrics for the game are encouraging. We released our first mobile social game for Japan, NBA 2K All Stars, on GREE's social networking platform and announced our partnership to offer additional mobile social games in select global markets, including Pirates! Legends and Civilization. We expanded our lineup of core mobile titles with the release of Max Payne mobile for iOS and Android devices, and we announced the new slate of casual mobile games from our 2K Play division, including our recently released COMEDY CENTRAL'S Indecision Game, which is our first mobile social offering for the U.S. Karl will talk about our online and mobile strategy in more detail later in the call. We continue to find ways to streamline our operations and enhance efficiency. Earlier this month, Rockstar Games announced that it's expanding its development capabilities in Toronto due in part to financial support and tax incentives that were provided by the Ontario government. In conjunction with that expansion, Rockstar is combining its Vancouver and Toronto development teams in a new facility. Bringing these 2 groups together should make for a powerful creative team on future projects. Despite our disappointing results for the first quarter, we continue to expect fiscal 2013 to be one of the best years in Take-Two's history. Consumer enthusiasm suggests strong demand for our extraordinary lineup of upcoming releases, particularly Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13 and BioShock Infinite. Karl will have more to share about our upcoming releases shortly. The past 5 years has been a transformative period for Take-Two. We've strengthened every facet of our enterprise and delivered some of the most critically and commercially successful titles in our industry. We understand that there'll be challenging periods when our well-executed creative endeavors may not deliver their intended commercial results. We firmly believe that we have the correct strategy and resources to deliver profits and shareholder value over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by discussing our announced lineup of upcoming releases. Beginning this summer, 2K Play will launch a new slate of titles for smartphones and tablets. House Pest Starring Fiasco the Cat feature state-of-the-art animation and stars a mischievous cat who will turn your house upside down in no time. GridBlock is an addictive puzzle game with a unique flipping mechanism. Herd, Herd, Herd is an original physics-based game where players attempt to herd farm animals into their pens in a race against the clock. And Carnival Games MiniGolf is based on our million unit selling miniature golf title for the Wii. These titles, along with our recently launched COMEDY CENTRAL's Indecision Game, are just a few instances of Take-Two's overall mobile strategy, which I'll discuss in greater detail in a few minutes. This summer and fall, Rockstar Games will release several Max Payne 3 downloadable content packs on Xbox LIVE, PlayStation Network and PC, which will feature new multiplayer maps, modes, bursts, items, playable characters and challenges. On September 18, 2K Games will launch Borderlands 2. Developed by Gearbox Software, Borderlands 2 allows gamers to play as 1 of 4 new vault hunters in seeking treasure and mayhem on the untamed planet of Pandora. This title had an excellent showing at E3 2012, winning more than 20 awards, including Best Shooter from Game Informer. Consumer anticipation is phenomenal, and preorders are currently the third highest of any title in Take-Two's history, behind only Grand Theft Auto IV and Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. On October 2nd, 2K Sports will release NBA 2K13, the next installment of our #1 rated and #1 selling basketball franchise. NBA 2K13 is poised to once again raise the bar for sports video games. This year's game features a trio of players who represent the new dynasty of NBA future legends: Oklahoma City Thunder's Kevin Durant, Los Angeles Clippers' Blake Griffin and the Chicago Bulls' Derrick Rose. Consumer anticipation for this title is incredibly strong with preorders up significantly as compared to NBA 2K12. Later today, 2K Sports will kick off the NBA 2K13 campaign by formally announcing an unprecedented partnership with entertainment mogul, Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter that will intrigue gamers of all kinds even if they don't currently play sports video games. On October 9, one of the gaming's most beloved franchises will make its eagerly awaited return with 2K Games' XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Developed by Firaxis Games, the studio behind our Civilization franchise, XCOM: Enemy Unknown combines strategy with intense combat as players fight to control the fate of the human race by defending against the terrifying global alien invasion. The title generated tremendous buzz at E3, winning more than 20 awards, including Best of Show from Game Informer and Electric Playground and Best Strategy Game from Game Critics Awards in IGN. In addition, 2K Marin continues to move forward with the development of XCOM, a tactical squad-based shooter offering a strong character-driven experience, which is planned for release during fiscal year 2014. In November, 2K Play will release Nickelodeon titles for consoles and handhelds that highlight the imaginative and educational worlds of hit television preschool series, including Bubble Guppies, Dora & Team Umizoomi's Fantastic Flight and Nickelodeon Dance 2, the sequel to one of Parent Magazine's 15 best games of 2011. BioShock Infinite is progressing in its development of rational games and is planned to launch on February 26, 2013. This first-person shooter was voted the Most Anticipated Game by IGN users in a May 2012 poll and is already generating strong consumer response. And Grand Theft Auto V is in full development and making substantial progress. Rockstar recently released some new screenshots from the game that illustrate the vast detailed open world setting. Now I'd like to discuss our strategy to further diversify our business by expanding our digitally delivered offerings for online and mobile platforms. Today, our online game strategy has focused on Asian markets. Several years ago, our team recognized the potential to leverage our proven development expertise and renowned franchises in order to capitalize on the world's largest and fastest-growing markets for free-to-play online games. Our partnerships with the region's leading developers and publishers, including Tencent in China and Nexon and XLGAMES in Korea, have enabled us to benefit from a wealth of market expertise and technology while mitigating our risks and retaining significant financial upside. We recently launched an open beta for NBA 2K online on the Tencent Games portal in China, and early user metrics have been encouraging. Our projects in Korea to develop an online baseball game with Nexon and an MMOG based on a leading 2K Games franchise with XLGAMES are also proceeding as planned, and we expect to have more to say about these in coming months. Given the scale of the Asian market and the favorable prospects of our content in the region, these initiatives have the potential to be significantly accretive to revenue and earnings while providing a more predictable and recurring revenue stream to complement our core business. As Strauss said earlier, we believe that the popularity of video games on mobile platforms, especially tablets, will grow at a rapid pace. This represents an exciting opportunity for Take-Two, which we're actively pursuing through a multifaceted global strategy. The first component of our mobile strategy is to bring our core gaming franchises to smartphones and tablets. Our releases to date have focused on popular catalog titles such as Grand Theft Auto III: 10th Anniversary Edition, Max Payne Mobile and Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution, as well as mobile releases of current sports titles including NBA 2K12. Releasing our rich catalog of mobile devices can deliver incremental revenue at high margins due to the relatively low cost of adapting these games for mobile platforms. As mobile technology continues to evolve, we fully expect to be releasing our most groundbreaking and immersive new titles on every mobile device that core gamers choose to embrace. The second component of our mobile strategy is the integration of mobile applications with our core console releases. By linking the mobile and console experience of our franchises, we can surround the consumer with our brands and encourage game-related activity both at home and on the go. We'll have more to say about some of these efforts in the weeks to come. The third component of our mobile strategy is to build new intellectual property, specifically for mobile devices. Our new titles on 2K Play, which I discussed earlier, are just a few examples of our efforts in this area. And the fourth component of our strategy is to pursue partnerships on mobile platforms in markets that require specific expertise, which we don't currently have in-house. Our partnerships with leading mobile social players in Asia, such as GREE, are enabling us to expand the reach of our brands and participate in an exciting and lucrative market beginning with NBA 2K All Stars, Pirates! Legends and Civilization. In closing, we're very enthusiastic about the potential for our upcoming titles. We're also focused on delivering results from our online and mobile initiatives, which, coupled with our core business, provide a very positive long-term growth and profit outlook for Take-Two. Thanks, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll review our results for the first quarter and then discuss our updated outlook for the full fiscal 2013 and our initial outlook for the second quarter. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. Starting with our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we delivered net revenue of $226.1 million, down 32% from the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to the releases of L.A. Noire and Duke Nukem Forever in the first quarter of fiscal 2012, which had higher combined sales than our first quarter fiscal 2013 releases. The strongest contributors to revenue for the quarter were the release of Max Payne 3, catalog sales led by the Grand Theft Auto franchise and Red Dead Redemption, the release of Spec Ops: The Line and continuing sales of NBA 2K12. Catalog sales grew 50% year-over-year and accounted for 26% of net revenue. Revenue from digitally delivered content grew 33% year-over-year and accounted for 14% of net revenue, driven by offerings with the Sid Meier's Civilization, Grand Theft Auto and Max Payne franchises. Gross margin for the first quarter was 20%, down from 38% in the prior year's first quarter. The decrease resulted primarily from higher software development cost and royalties for our first quarter releases this year. Operating expenses were approximately $138.2 million, up about $18 million versus the prior year's first quarter, driven by the $15 million onetime contractual obligation and higher marketing expenses. Interest and other expense increased primarily due to the convertible notes that we issued in November 2011. And non-GAAP net loss was $98.8 million or $1.16 per share as compared to non-GAAP net income of $2 million or $0.02 per share in fiscal first quarter 2012. GAAP net loss from continuing operations was $110.8 million or $1.30 per share. Compared to the outlook we provided in May, our first quarter revenue was at the low end of our outlook range, while our non-GAAP net loss per share was below the range by $0.41. Due to the lower-than-expected sales of Spec Ops: The Line and Max Payne 3 in the first quarter, we have lowered our outlook for continued sales of these titles. As a result, we amortized the higher-than-projected proportion of their capitalized development costs during the first quarter rather than later in the year. Turning to some key items from our balance sheet at June 30, 2012, as compared to March 31, 2012. Our cash balance decreased to $367 million. Our accounts receivable balance increased to $72 million, primarily reflecting our first quarter releases. Inventory increased to $28 million, and software development costs and licenses decreased to $270 million, reflecting the amortization of development costs related to our first quarter releases. Now I'll review our financial outlook for the full year and second quarter of fiscal 2013, which is all provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are revising our financial outlook for the full year fiscal 2013 to reflect our lower-than-expected results for the first quarter, partially offset by our strong outlook for our upcoming slate of new releases. We now expect revenue to range from $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion and non-GAAP net income to range from $1.75 per share to $2 per share. Turning to the details of our full year outlook. Our expected revenue range assumes the on-time release of the titles we have announced to date, as well as other titles yet to be announced for release during fiscal 2013. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% from Rockstar and 45% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 50% United States and 50% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 40% from fiscal 2012, primarily driven by higher marketing expense as part of new releases and a $15 million onetime contractual obligation recognized in the first quarter. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 17% of net revenue, using the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $13 million, tax expense of about $9 million and fully diluted shares of approximately 118 million, which includes 6 million of participating shares for our unvested restricted stock grant and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the if-converted method of accounting. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We expect to deliver revenue ranging from $200 million to $250 million and a non-GAAP net loss ranging from $0.15 to $0.30 per share. We continue to expect to be profitable on a non- GAAP basis in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2013. The majority of our revenue in the second quarter is expected to come from the release of Borderlands 2. We expect second quarter gross margins in the low to mid 40s. Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately $45 million or 65% from the prior year's second quarter. Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 29% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. And our second quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $3 million, tax expense of about $2 million and a share count of approximately 86 million. Take-Two's strong balance sheet and liquidity provide our organization with a sound foundation to pursue our many strategic initiatives. For product developments to new online and mobile platform, we believe that our ability to aggressively invest in our future will deliver positive results over the long term. Thank you. Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. We're exceedingly optimistic about our long-term outlook for growth and profitability. Our ability to leverage our creative expertise, expand the global audience for intellectual property and capitalize on traditional emerging platforms is more promising than ever. I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work and dedication and our shareholders for their valued support. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post of Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. A couple of things. First, you said you have a few unannounced titles in the second half. Obviously, maybe Rockstar's dictating when you can announce those, but when does it become a problem for retail and planning purposes when you haven't announced something? And like if you're going to have something in the March quarter, when is the latest you can announce and still get it out to retail and have a good marketing buzz around it? And the second question is obviously Max Payne was disappointing versus expectations in the quarter. What does that tell you about the industry and the opportunity for some of your titles, including GTA, just as far as how the industry's receiving titles like that?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Justin, it's Strauss. They're good questions. I'll beg the first question. It's not that delaying information is a problem for retail. It's that we tailor the information we divulge to enhancing retail. So our announcement about upcoming schedules is obviously a conjunction of our desire to be transparent and our desire to do what's right for the title. But obviously, we wouldn't be in a position where we would be delaying information at the peril of the release. On the contrary, we schedule the information to enhance the quality of the release. And on Max, what does it tell us about the industry? I think what it tells us, first of all, is a 3 million unit initial ship is an excellent result by anyone's standards and certainly by the industry standards. And we don't want to imply otherwise, and we're really proud of the work the team did in the highly rated title that got amazing reviews. And we think it's a stellar game, and so did the consumers. The question that was posed was how high it was up, and we're somewhat disappointed that up wasn't higher than it's turned out to be at least so far. I think what it does tell us is consumers at this stage in the hardware cycle are more selective than ever. These are expensive propositions for consumers. And with a limited release schedule in the first half of the year, not just ours but the industry's, there's lots for traffic. And as a result, the bar is going to be higher. And I think that's true going forward. So it puts further emphasis on our stated strategy of putting out the highest quality titles in the business. And that strategy has served us well, served us well in terms of our results over the past years. It continues to serve us well. It's reflected in the fact that our catalog sells so well. It's a very high percentage of our overall revenue, and our catalog sales were up 50% in the quarter year-over-year. So clearly, consumers want the titles that we have to offer. Otherwise, our catalog wouldn't be doing as well as it is. And clearly, the bar is higher, and we're mindful of that. We think that our upcoming releases surmount that bar. The initial look on Borderlands 2 is very, very positive, and we couldn't be more excited. Also true for NBA 2K13 and the way that upcoming releases, including XCOM: Enemy Unknown are shaping up. So it looks very promising, and that's why we're able to have guidance for the year. That's as strong as this guidance is, albeit somewhat lower than it had been before this quarter.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And maybe a follow-up. Obviously, a few disappointing quarters in a row here. When you look at the preorder data, and you've given your guidance, I mean, is there room for these titles to exceed? And what would drive that as you look forward over the next 3 quarters?
Strauss H. Zelnick: We always aim to guide based on what we perceive to be the case. And so we're guiding on what we believe is realistic and achievable. We obviously don't guide to a disastrous scenario nor do we guide to a spectacular scenario. And by the way, to be clearer, you're quite right. We had a disappointing year last year, and now we've had a disappointing first quarter. And we take that on the chin. We acknowledge it. I'm frankly disappointed by it. Moreover, I take responsibility for it. That said, we have a company that is capitalized to withstand the normal ups and downs of a pure-play entertainment business. And I've said on these calls many times, at times when we were doing well, I didn't need to say it. The times aren't always going to be great. And occasionally, there are disappointments, and we've had a few in a row. And we take them all real seriously. That said, the right thing to do is to recognize our many strengths and celebrate those strengths and move forward productively to our next body of releases, which look fantastic. And as I said, if you need evidence that people show up for good titles, take a look at our catalog sales, be proactively buying our catalog titles as we speak.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler of MKM Partners.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: So when I look at your full year guidance, you basically -- you missed the first quarter by about $0.50 of EPS, but you only took about $0.25 out of your full year number. What has changed in the last quarter? Or can you give us a sense of what the puts and takes are as to where you're more optimistic now?
Lainie Goldstein: Sure, Eric. Since the last quarter, we've revised some of our expectations to some of our upcoming releases for the rest of the year. The other thing that changes the sort of timing and the dynamics between the quarters is our capitalized development costs that we had scheduled for later in the year that got pulled back into the first quarter. So even though we missed by a big amount, a lot of that were expenses that were for later on in the year.
Eric O. Handler - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as one follow-up, in terms of the second quarter, you do expect losses, and you obviously have one of your bigger games of the year with Borderlands 2 coming out. Is part of it just timing in terms of advertising and when you recognize all the shipments that you expect for the game?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, that's exactly what it is. Borderlands shipped at the end of the quarter, and all the marketing expenses related to it will be within the quarter, as well as the marketing for some of our Q3 releases. And we also have a little bit left on the MOB losses that'll hit us in that quarter. So that's what's affecting it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey of National Alliance Securities.
Michael Hickey - National Alliance Capital Markets, Research Division: Strauss, we've heard nothing -- next to nothing on GTA V over the last couple of months. We've seen a couple of screenshots. The game is believed by the Street to be implied by your guidance for this fiscal year, but what believability do we have at this point that this game is actually going to come out this year? And especially when you say the bar is higher, reflecting on the performance of Max, how do your teams bounce, getting that quality bar higher versus the perceived need to get the game out for the next game console?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, I mean, Mike, we just haven't talked about the release date. So obviously, we can't talk about the credibility of the release date that we haven't announced. In terms of the quality bar, I wasn't sending -- that remark was not intended to send some internal signal to our teams to work harder, smarter. They do the very best job they can on absolutely everything we do. And I think we have the best people in the business. And I think many, if not most, people will agree with me. I'm just saying that the standards are getting higher, and that affects us as well. Our teams are already trying to do groundbreaking work on absolutely everything they do. Sometimes we succeed. Sometimes we succeed mightily. And occasionally, we're disappointed, and we'd like that to be even more occasionally than it has been of late.
Michael Hickey - National Alliance Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then I'm guessing that you're consistently -- can you just walk us through the sort of communication you have with the Rockstar studio in terms of the development of GTA V? I mean, are you getting kind of consistent updates in terms of that game's pacing of development? Has anything changed in the last couple of months?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Mike, we wouldn't talk publicly about the way that we communicate with our teams internally. We're blessed to be in business with the Rockstar folks, and everyone knows that I feel that way. We have the best creative teams in the business throughout our company at 2K, 2K Sports, Visual Concepts, Irrational, Firaxis, Rockstar, 2K Marin, 2K Czech. It's an incredible group of people. And how do we communicate? We have about as transparent a company as anyone has, and we encourage people to pursue their passions and to make hits. And I say it here publicly. I say it privately. I'm boringly consistent. That's what we try to do. As I said, we're not always successful. That's part of pushing the envelope. And sometimes things don't go exactly as planned or as hoped. It's the nature of an entertainment business. And while we're not remotely cavalier about it, we are capitalized to withstand the ups and downs of this business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia of Sterne Agee.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I wanted to go back to Borderlands real quick. I heard you guys talk about it a couple of times. The preorders are looking pretty good. That's what we've picked up as well. Maybe if you can provide a little bit more color in light of what's happened with Max Payne. Just relative to where the market is, how you spoke to the challenges in the marketplace for AAA titles or some of the AAA titles, has your expectation for Borderlands 2 being brought down just because of the market conditions? Or do you feel even stronger given the preorders on Borderlands? And maybe -- and one thing to think about it is although they are different titles, how does it look like versus Max Payne in terms of the volumes that you expect to do?
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I'll answer the question very directly, the last point. I think that the market conditions have not actually tempered our view on Borderlands 2. The consumer response, look, we mentioned preorders. There's others buzz factors that we look at. It's been really, really fantastic. The title is a very unique title. There's nothing else like it out there. It's a great window for us. So I would say that the momentum continues to build for that title, not in the other direction. Yes, we do think that the market conditions are relatively difficult in general, but great titles that are marketed well and are positioned well can do well in the face of that. And I think that this one is unique in that regard just considering that there's really nothing else like it. It leads a genre. It's effectively the only game in its genre.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And I understand that. I think what I'm asking is in the context of preorders, perhaps, are indicative of certain amount of momentum. We saw that with Max Payne as well. Has the market shifted so much that preorders are maybe less of an indication? And I know you're looking at other factors as well, but I just would like a little bit more comfort that what we saw with Max Payne, maybe there were some false positives, that, that's not the case here?
Karl Slatoff: Well, look, I mean, I think strong preorders don't necessarily guarantee that you're going to have a 30 million unit seller. There's no question about that. It's not a one-to-one correlation. But I can tell you, I'd rather have the momentum being built, I'd rather have a strong preorders this quarter out, have momentum going in the right direction than otherwise. So is there a change in the way that preorders are -- the way that preorders predict what's going to happen in release? I don't believe that there's a market change in that. I think it's really title by title. And look, in sports titles, also, the preorder's a very different indication of how sports titles do. I think it really depends on the title and the nature of that title, the nature of the fan base flying into that title.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Great. And last question, is Agent still going to be in the pipeline for, I guess, in the next 12 to 18 months? Or should we not consider that as a factor? Kind of where are you on that title?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, we haven't announced anything about the title yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Ernst of Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc.: Two questions, if I might. First, looking at where you've done exceptionally well as a company and putting out very creative titles that are different than what's in the market. Even, I think, GTA fits that, and something like BioShock and Red Dead was a Western that really redefined the genre where there wasn't a lot of competition; L.A. Noire, very original. Does the core performance, so something like Spec Ops, which addresses a more traditional shooter category, a military category game, does the disappointment there make you rethink kind of your title lineup overall or as you go forward looking at greenlighting new projects? Does it make you change that process at all? And then second question, the sales and marketing expense in the quarter only up nominally year-over-year. But kind of going back over, like, 10-year history even when you had a GTA, the marketing budget is a lot bigger than it has been. I think can you address what's driving that? Or in this quarter, was there an opportunity to maybe pull that back? Was it maybe the sort of overspend relative to the titles? Or was that just the level of expenses you need to make to get your voice heard in this environment?
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I'll take the first question, which is the innovation question. Look, I would say that we will never stop trying to innovate in titles. And I think you've got it exactly right. Most of the titles that we do try to do something a little bit different. They're not plain vanilla. And Spec Ops is an interesting case because Spec Ops actually reviewed quite well. And I think most of the critics at least recognized there's variation in the Metacritic scores, of course, but most recognize that Spec Ops was something very different than any other military shooter that was out there and at least gave -- and gave the title kudos for attempting to be different. Sometimes that resonates with consumers, sometimes it doesn't. And I think in the case of Spec Ops, I think it was a -- it's a fantastic game that is extremely different with a very, very strong storyline. And it begs off the question that, that ultimately matter in the military shooter genre. So I think that in that specific case, that's an interesting case study, but I think it is the only case study. And it would never prevent us from taking risks and chances in innovating in the future because that's the only way that we're going to move our company forward creatively, and that's how, frankly, we've had success in the past. So if we let one title that where innovation didn't move, didn't create a breakout title for us, dictate the way we'll behave in the future, I think that would be a huge mistake.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research, Inc.: And the marketing budget?
Lainie Goldstein: so for the marketing, it's really on a title-by-title basis. So it can change from quarter to quarter based on what titles released. So last year, we had L.A. Noire and Duke Nukem. And this year, we have Max Payne and Spec Ops. So each title has its own marketing budget that's built up by the labels based on what they think is required for the title. So I wouldn't say it's necessarily like a trending indicator on a quarter-by-quarter basis. You have to really look at each title.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Anderson of Longbow Research.
Phil Anderson - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. I just wanted to clarify what was the guidance for the fiscal year on gross margins?
Lainie Goldstein: One second. I just want to get it right. In the low 40s.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will move on to our next question in the meantime. Our next question comes from the line of Kyle Brandon [ph] of Smoking Joe's [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Yes. From a business standpoint, what would you say is your best-selling game and the most professional game you have out there with the clock?
Henry Diamond: Yes. Can we move on to the next questioner, please?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom Andrews with BMO Capital Markets.
Thomas Andrews: Just standing in for Edward Williams tonight. I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate a little bit, if you can, on what your business model is going to be for the Asian initiatives that you have going? Is it going to be mostly a micro-transaction type of business? Or is this a subscription business or is it going to be some sort of combination of the 2? And does it matter on geography at all?
Strauss H. Zelnick: Certainly, it matters on geography because we tailor our offerings and our business models to consumers wherever they are and change shift geographically. The Asian games in the Asian market are currently thought to be free to play with the economic model being a micro-transaction model.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears there are no further questions at this time -- excuse me, we do have a question from the line of Ben Schachter of Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: This is Tom White on for Ben. I was hoping you guys might be able to provide maybe some early comments on differences in mobile usage across the smartphones and tablets. I guess it may be around engagement monetization and maybe any demographic information that you might have opportunistic platforms.
Karl Slatoff: Tom, it's Karl. Look, I think we have a lot of research out there, and I would -- you should check it out yourself. But obviously, we look at this a lot. And one thing we can say is that people -- the tablet gaming people tend to actually monetize better on tablets. And I think that's one of the most interesting facts that we've noticed to date. But if you look, it's still early. But I would encourage you to check out the research out there because it's pretty robust.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Great. Well, thanks, all, for joining us. And we are looking forward to delivering on what we believe will be a very successful year.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-05-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive's Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you. Mr. Diamond, you may begin. 
Henry A. Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012 ended March 31, 2012. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our Chief Operating Officer; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'm obliged to review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
 Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now, I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Take-Two's strategy is to develop the highest-quality, most compelling entertainment franchises in our business and deliver them on any platform that's relevant to our audience. We're actively investing in both our core console and PC businesses, as well as in offerings for online and mobile platforms. 
 During fiscal 2012, we made significant progress in our creative, operational and strategic objectives, but we didn't achieve our revenue and profit goals. Our financial results for the year were affected by our decision to postpone the release of several titles in order to allow for additional development time. We believe that this unwavering commitment to quality is the right approach for maximizing shareholder value, even though income may occasionally be deferred in the short term. As we announced in today's press release, we expect to generate substantial revenue growth and profitability in this fiscal year.
 Turning to our key achievements during the past fiscal year, L.A. Noire and NBA 2K12 were creative and commercial highlights. L.A. Noire reinvented interactive storytelling. This groundbreaking title from Rockstar Games received excellent reviews, and according to NPD data for the U.S., it was the highest-selling new intellectual property in our industry during 2011, with over 5 million units sold in to date. The first video game ever selected for inclusion in the prestigious Tribeca Film Festival, L.A. Noire transcends the boundary between interactive entertainment and cinema. 
 NBA 2K12 built upon the franchise's tradition of excellence by delivering the top-ranked and top-selling basketball video game for the 11th year in a row. The title received the highest Metacritic score in the history of 2K Sports, and it was the first in our basketball series to offer downloadable add-on content and a mobile version for iOS. Despite the challenge of the NBA lockout, for the second year in a row, the title both sold in over 5 million units and enabled 2K Sports to achieve profitability.
 Operationally, we took several measures to bolster our already sound foundation for growth and efficiency. In November, we raised $250 million through a convertible notes offering on very attractive terms. Together with our improved renewed credit facility, Take-Two today possesses the strongest liquidity and balance sheet in its history and the ability to invest aggressively for long-term growth. 
 We also launched new online stores for Rockstar and 2K. These destinations enable consumers to discover and purchase games directly from our labels. Additionally, they offer branded merchandise that further immerses consumers in our franchises and promotes loyalty.
 Strategically, our continued investment in digitally delivered content and emerging platforms both enhanced our fiscal 2012 results and informed our business decisions for the future. Specifically, we released 3 new titles for iOS, as well as our first offering for Android. Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto III: 10th Anniversary Edition, for the first time delivered the full console experience of Grand Theft Auto to smartphones and tablets and has been our highest-selling and most profitable mobile release to date. Mobile gaming, particularly on tablets, represents an important incremental growth opportunity for our company, and we'll continue to invest to bring both our deep catalog of titles, as well as select new titles, to mobile platforms.
 2K Games launched our first social game, CivWorld for Facebook, which received excellent reviews and is the most immersive game available on Facebook. While not a meaningful contributor to revenue, this project was invaluable in helping us understand what drives success on social platforms. We'll apply this knowledge to our future social gaming initiatives. 
 We expanded our frontline and catalog offerings for online retailers such as Steam and GameFly, and cloud gaming services, including OnLive and Gaikai.  And we continued to make substantial progress on our 3 online games for Asian markets. If successful, these initiatives will be significantly accretive to revenue and earnings and provide a more predictable and recurring revenue stream to complement our core business.
 As a result of the success of our add-on content, mobile and other downloadable offerings, we grew our revenue from digitally delivered content to a record $107 million, representing 13% of our total net revenue in fiscal 2012. Our digitally delivered content not only generates incremental revenue, it also provides attractive margins. By making our products available, wherever and however consumers want them, we're maximizing our audiences, expanding our business and creating value over time. 
 Fiscal 2013 kicked off with last week's launch of Max Payne 3. The title has already proven to be a success with initial sell-in of approximately 3 million units. The New York Times wrote "Max Payne 3 is a taut and compelling action game wrapped in a sumptuous, gritty and delightful production detail that is the Rockstar hallmark." G4TV delivered a perfect score store stating, "Max Payne 3 is a technological tour de force." These are just 2 examples of the many outstanding reviews that the title has received to date. I'd like to congratulate the team at Rockstar for delivering what is shaping up to be another groundbreaking hit.
 Building upon our momentum to date, we have a terrific pipeline of titles in development for launch during the balance of the year and beyond, which Karl will discuss. Today, as a result of the progress we've made over the past 5 years, Take-Two is stronger in every facet of its business and well positioned for growth and profitability. We're exceedingly optimistic about the outlook for our organization, which has never been more promising. 
 I will now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Take-Two currently has the most robust development pipeline in the company's history. On June 1, Rockstar will build upon the successful launch of Max Payne 3, with the release of the PC version, which will be followed by a dynamic lineup of innovative, downloadable content. Beginning in June and continuing throughout the summer and fall, new multiplayer maps, modes, items, playable characters and challenges will be available on Xbox LIVE, PlayStation Network and on PC platforms. Consumers can pre-order all of this upcoming content at a discount by purchasing the Max Payne 3 Rockstar Pass.  For the first time, members of the Rockstar Games Social Club can create Max Payne 3 multiplayer crews, which they can use across other Rockstar games in the future, including Grand Theft Auto V. This is an incredibly innovative approach to making multiplayer gaming deeper, richer and easily accessible to newcomers and hardcore gamers.
 On June 19, Firaxis Games will release Sid Meier's Civilization V: Gods & Kings, a massive expansion pack for the award-winning strategy title. Spanning the breadth of human civilization, this quintessential add-on will make the Civilization V experience even more addictive. 
 On June 26, 2K Games will launch Spec Ops: The Line, a military shooter that combines intense action with a riveting narrative. Players will blast their way through a sandstorm ravaged Dubai with a variety of weapons and explosives, including the strategic use of sand, which can be used to bury their enemies. In addition to the single-player campaign, Spec Ops: The Line features an expansive multiplayer experience that is fun for both casual and core gamers. 
 Earlier this month, 2K released a demo for the game on Xbox LIVE and PlayStation Network. And be sure to watch the launch of our television ad campaign during the upcoming NBA finals.
 On September 18, 2K Games will launch Borderlands 2, the next installment in the critically-acclaimed franchise that has sold in nearly 6 million units worldwide. Developed by Gearbox Software, the eagerly anticipated return of this shooter-looter will feature an environment, characters and storyline that are all larger than life. With action-packed single player and cooperative multiplayer experiences, Borderlands 2 will continue to define the role-playing shooter genre. The game was at Pax East this spring and consumer reaction was outstanding, with gamers standing in line for hours to be among the first to play. In addition, Borderlands 2 is featured on the covers of the current issues of both PlayStation: The Official Magazine and @Gamer Magazine.
 On October 2, 2K Sports will release NBA 2K13, the  next installment in our #1-rated and #1-selling basketball franchise. 2K Sports has broken the sports gaming mold by bringing back legends like Michael Jordan, Larry Bird and Magic Johnson. The NBA 2K franchise will continue its strong charge ahead yet again this year, breaking new ground and entering uncharted territory as it leads a new era of basketball video gaming. 
 On October 9, 2K Games will bring one of gaming's most beloved franchises back to fans with XCOM: Enemy Unknown. The team of Firaxis Games will build upon the core gameplay experiences of the original XCOM by providing a strong emphasis on both deep strategy and intense technical combat. Players will defend against a terrifying alien invasion by managing resources, technology and combat strategy. In addition, 2K Marin continues to move forward with the development of the shooter version of XCOM, which is now planned for release during fiscal year 2014.
 Earlier this month, 2K Games announced that BioShock Infinite is now planned to launch on February 26, 2013. This highly-anticipated title from Irrational Games will put players in the center of Booker DeWitt's struggle to escape from Columbia, a city in the sky of a 1912 America that might have been. Fans of the franchise can look forward to classic BioShock gameplay and an immersive story, as well as exciting innovations that include aerial combat on high-speed skylines and an arsenal of new weapons and abilities. 
 Our 3 online initiatives in Asia are making significant progress. NBA 2K online is in development with Tencent for China and other key markets. We are very encouraged by the potential of this game and expect to have some exciting news to share regarding its upcoming commercial beta in the very near future. 
 In addition, our projects to develop an online baseball with Nexon Corporation and MMOG with XLGAMES are both making great strides and building momentum. With E3 2 weeks away, we're looking forward to having many of our titles from 2K on display and available for hands-on trial. We encourage you to stop by our booth and see for yourself why we're excited about our outlook for this year and beyond. 
 Thanks. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll review our results for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2012, then provide some details around our outlook for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2013. All of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements. 
 Starting with our results for fiscal 2012, we delivered net revenue of $825.8 million, down 27% from the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to the tremendously successful release of Red Dead Redemption in fiscal 2011. The strongest contributors to revenue were the releases of L.A. Noire, NBA 2K12 and Duke Nukem Forever. Catalog sales accounted for approximately 32% of our net revenue, led by the Grand Theft Auto franchise and Red Dead Redemption. And revenue from digitally delivered content grew to a record $106.6 million, up 5% year-over-year, accounting for 13% of our total net revenue.
 The largest contributors were offerings from the Grand Theft Auto franchise, Red Dead Redemption and the Sid Meier's Civilization franchise, which included downloadable, add-on content, mobile games and full game downloads. 
 Gross margin was 37%, down approximately 4 percentage points versus the prior year. The decrease resulted primarily from higher software development costs and royalties as a percentage of revenue due to the mix of titles released during the year. And non-GAAP net loss was $59.4 million, or $0.71 per share, as compared to non-GAAP net income of $94.3 million, or $1.02 per share, in fiscal 2011. GAAP net loss from continuing operations was $107.7 million, or $1.30 per share.
 Moving on to the fourth quarter. Our results were within the outlook range we provided in our third quarter earnings release. We delivered net revenue of $148.1 million, down 19% year-over-year, primarily due to the strong post-launch performance of Red Dead Redemption in fiscal fourth quarter 2011. 
 The strongest contributors to revenue were the releases of NBA 2K12, Major League Baseball 2K12 and The Darkness II. Catalog sales accounted for approximately 39% of our revenue during the fourth quarter, led by the Grand Theft Auto franchise, Red Dead Redemption and the Sid Meier's Civilization franchise. And digitally delivered content accounted for $27.6 million, or 19% of our net revenue, led by the Grand Theft Auto franchise, the Sid Meier's Civilization franchise and Red Dead Redemption.
 Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 22%, down from 35% in the prior year's fourth quarter. This decrease was primarily driven by higher external royalties resulting from a change in the mix of revenues and higher license fees. Operating expenses were approximately $83.5 million, up about $6 million versus the prior year's fourth quarter, driven by higher selling and marketing to support the launch of The Darkness II. Interest and other expense increased primarily due to the convertible notes that we issued in November. And non-GAAP net loss was $50.9 million, or $0.60 per share, as compared to $14.4 million, or $0.18 per share, in fiscal fourth quarter 2011. GAAP net loss from continuing operations was $66 million, or $0.78 per share.
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet. On March 31, 2012, as compared to December 31, 2011, our cash balance decreased to $420 million. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to $45 million, primarily reflecting lower sales during the fourth quarter. Inventory remained flat at approximately $22 million, and software development costs and licenses increased to $316 million, reflecting the significant development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases.
 Now I will review our financial outlook for the full year and first quarter fiscal 2013, which is all provided on a non-GAAP basis. For the full year, we expect revenue to more than double to a range of $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion, and non-GAAP net income to range from $2 per share to $2.25 per share. While we expect to report a net loss in the first quarter, based on our current outlook, we expect to be profitable on a non-GAAP basis in each of the remaining 3 quarters of the year. 
 Our fiscal 2013 earnings outlook includes the negative impact from a one-time payment of $15 million, which is expected to be recorded in June in G&A expense. Because our earnings per share for the first quarter and full fiscal year are calculated using different share counts, the impact of this one-time payment on non-GAAP net income per share is $0.18 for the first quarter and $0.13 for the full year.
 Turning to the details of our full year outlook. Our expected revenue range assumes the on-time release of the titles we have announced to date, as well as other titles yet to be announced for release during fiscal 2013. We expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 60% from Rockstar and 40% from 2K. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 50% United States and 50% international. We expect gross margins in the low 40s, up from 37% in fiscal 2012. This increase is driven both by our strong slate of new releases and the expiration of our current license with the MLB, which generated a loss of approximately $30 million in fiscal 2012, and approximately 60% of this loss will go away this year and the entire amount next year. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately 40% from fiscal 2012, primarily driven by higher margin expense to support our new releases and the $15 million one-time payment in June recorded in G&A expense. 
 Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 16% of net revenue using the midpoint of our outlook range. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $13 million, tax expense of about $10 million and fully diluted shares of approximately 117 million, which includes 5 million  of participating shares for our unvested [indiscernible] stock grants and 26 million shares representing the potential dilution from our convertible notes under the "if-converted" method of accounting.
 Turning to our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we expect to deliver revenue ranging from $225 million to $275 million and a non-GAAP net loss ranging from $0.75 to $0.60 per share, which includes the $0.18 per share negative impact from the one-time payment. The majority of our revenue in the first quarter is expected to come from the releases of Max Payne 3 and Spec Ops: The Line. We expect first quarter gross profit margins in the mid-30s. 
 Total operating expenses are expected to increase by approximately $17 million or 15%, from the prior year's first quarter. This increase is primarily driven by the $15 million one-time payment in G&A expense. 
 Selling and marketing expense is expected to be about 31% of net revenue based on the midpoint of our outlook range. Our first quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $3 million, tax expense of about $2.5 million and a share count of approximately 85 million.
 Today our company benefits from a strong balance sheet and sound infrastructure, which positions us to support our strategic initiatives and to invest for growth. Coupled with our industry-leading IP and world-class creative talent, we believe our organization has a significant competitive advantage in the market. Fiscal 2013 is poised to be one of Take-Two's best years ever. We are diligently focused on delivering growth in profits and driving shareholder value both this year and over the long term . 
 Now, I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. We look forward to seeing many of you at E3 and sharing our progress with you in the coming months. I'd like to thank our colleagues for their continued dedication and hard work throughout this past year and our shareholders for their valued support. 
 And now we'll take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: I wanted to see if you can shed some more light on how you're looking at the next generation and if you're starting to make some investments there, and if your fiscal '13 guidance incorporates any new investments for new technology, that's one. And just wondering if you can talk about the retail environment today and particularly in Europe, what you're seeing there. 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of next gen, we're going to leave it to our business partners to discuss that and make announcements when they feel the time is right. But I think you're right to ask the question because those transitions can actually make -- create challenges for certain companies and create opportunities for others. Typically, the companies that are best positioned through the hardware transitions have been those with strong technology, strong owned intellectual property, top talent and strong balance sheets. And we think that describes us and doesn't describe too many of our competitors. It will be a challenge for us. Frankly, we see it as an enormous opportunity, and we expect to be at the front of the line when the time comes. In terms of the retail environment, I think we've seen in the U.S. in the past quarter, has been a dearth of high-quality releases. Our strategy for the better part of 5 years has been a limited number of the highest-quality releases. We're proud of the track record we've developed in executing against that strategy. And I think what you've seen is just not that many releases, and some of the releases that have come out in the last quarter have not been of the same quality as some might have hoped. It doesn't just affect frontline, of course, it affects catalog, because floor traffic, foot traffic, affects catalog. And in terms Europe, we are witnessing some softness in Europe, and we're not immune from that. And hopefully that's something that will turn around, but right now we are seeing some of that. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: I guess you're saying 60% of your revenue is from Rockstar, which implies about $1.1 billion of revenues this year. And of course, you had issues with titles slippage in the past. What gives you confidence that your Rockstar titles will indeed make the year and you don't have to lower numbers this year as we work through it? Are you more farther along in your titles this year than you were at this point last year? And then the second question is, we are seeing incremental share dilution from the convertible and other stock option issuances. What can the company do to really stop the stock dilution and keep the share count flat instead of keep growing? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean look, this past year, we've acknowledged that the financial results were meaningfully influenced negatively by slippage. And obviously, titles that slipped last year are farther along in their development cycles. So we feel quite confident about our upcoming release schedule. Not just Rockstar's release schedule, but 2K's as well. And in terms of share count, as you know, one does have the option to satisfy converts in cash or in stock. We do account as though those will be satisfied with equity. As you know, the share count changes depending whether you're reporting profits or losses. So it can appear to be more of a moving target than it is. But we felt that the right way to finance the organization has been the way that we've done it. We are not unmindful of the meltdown that occurred in the marketplace in 2008. And we think at the end of the day, the most important thing is to be a solid enterprise that can invest for the future. We have indeed taken some dilution. Look, when we compensate employees with equity, we take some dilution. The question is not the share count. The question is whether we're creating value at the same time because obviously, if our behavior is accretive, no one's concerned about the share count. So when we did the last convert, it was our goal that it would be accretive in the way that we spent that money. So far that money resides on our balance sheet. Now the good news is it's rather low-cost money. 
Justin Post: And last one, do you think the market is it a difficult software market so far year-to-date? How receptive do you plan it to be for your titles? And what do you think will make your titles kind of stand out in what's looking to be a pretty competitive second half? 
Strauss Zelnick: I agree with you. I think the second half is competitive. We are putting out titles that are anxiously anticipated by the market, and we've already discussed the lineup. But it includes Spec Ops, which is coming up, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Borderlands 2 and NBA 2K13 and BioShock Infinite and other titles that we haven't announced yet. So these are immensely high-quality titles, and we feel great about them. Again, the strategy that we pursued for 5 years has proven to be a sound one, which is a limited number of the highest-quality releases. There is no question that the market is not accepting lower-quality releases. There's just no question about that. But our strategy is only to put out high-quality releases. We're seeing the benefit of that not just in our frontline. We're seeing benefit in catalog. And as the digitally distributed business grows, we're seeing that our catalog has a great deal of value there, most recently with the profitable launch of Grand Theft Auto: 10th Anniversary Edition for mobile iOS and Android. Extraordinarily successful release for us, and that intellectual property is 10 years old. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst: Two questions, if I might. The first, a version of which I asked on the last call, but given the relative success you've had with GTA on mobile and noting that it was one of the highest-selling games and a profitable game for you, are we kind of getting to the point where the iPad and other platforms are starting to offer you the ability to create a sort of a vast, what I would consider a AAA mobile experience from the ground up rather than taking the game you've had out before and repurposing it for iPad? Are there now opportunities, given the size of the platform, to create Take-Two level games, Rockstar level games, exclusively for the iPad and similar platforms? And then secondly, also kind of on digital, looking at the formidable lineup of games you have for digital, DLC you have for Max Payne. I know in the past you've talked about how that type of content was equally successful, if not more successful, when bundled in with retail, which a lot of your clients, your customers are used to buying. Are you also considering retail versions of that DLC for Max Payne? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of tablets, we are incredibly bullish on tablets, because we believe tablets will be ubiquitous in the coming years. We've been saying that for several years pretty loudly. And tablets, once their processing power and storage power is equivalent to a PC and if you believe in Moore's Law as I do, or at least currently do, that will be the case in relatively short order. So it should be a great gaming platform. It's highly portable, very high quality, great display and add a controller and a pair of headphones and you're all set. The business model remains to be seen. And there's a lot of work that needs to be done on the business model, because it is somewhat hard to discover content for the platforms. And it has to become seamless. And you don't want to count out the consoles, because consoles relied on their success a couple of decades ago for the fact -- on the fact that they were much better game platforms than PCs. Today a PC is a terrifically good game platform, yet the lion's share of high-end AAA content is made available and sold through the consoles. So I don't mean to count them out at all. The tablets, I think, will give us a terrific opportunity. Will they be available for -- will they be a great opportunity for a frontline product? Again, when the processing power is there and when the storage is there, I see no reason why not. However, we do have to work on the business model and how we get our products in the hands of consumers. And in terms of Max Payne 3, we have a terrifically robust line of downloadable content coming. We -- our aim at this company is to make our product available to consumers however they want it, to be very flexible on how we do it, but I'm not going to announce any particular SKUs right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with National Alliance Securities. 
Michael Hickey: Strauss, just curious on Max. It looks like your initial selling came down from what you were thinking originally. And obviously, the market's been difficult. But can you give us any color as to -- if that is the case, and why you think it is, and maybe some insight into inventory levels? And I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, we've announced that we've sold in roughly 3 million units. That is a terrific number by any standard, including our own. So no, nothing came down, and we're really pleased with the way that's rolling out. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. Fair enough. And then Rockstar experimented with adding some narrative elements in multiplayer experience on Max Payne. Just curious, can you give us any feedback on kind of the consumer response in terms of engagement and how important that might be in future releases? And I have one more question, if that's possible. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. The multiplayer component of Max Payne is simply just fantastic. And obviously, there's been -- you can follow the buzz yourself when you look at chat rooms and what people are saying about it. And I think that the Rockstar guys have done a -- they have taken multiplayer to a different kind of level. It's a very different kind of multiplayer than they've tackled before and let alone anybody in the industry. So we're really pleased with how it's rolling out at this point. And frankly, we think it's going to be a very important component to this game on a go-forward basis and one of the reasons why people continue to buy and continue to play. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. And last question is, I'm just curious how you guys are kind of -- and you've mentioned this a little bit, Strauss, but philosophically, how you're approaching the next gen market opportunity, maybe more on Sony and Microsoft. I know you said challenge, opportunities, and I think it balances more as an opportunity for you. And certainly, you still seem kind of bullish on consoles, while a few people think they may be dead. But thinking about how less development capacity is in the market today than when this cycle started and the potential maybe that the installed base to grow go faster if they change their sales model, just curious how that impacts your thoughts on IP creation, then maybe building dev capacity or potential M&A opportunities into the next gen systems for Microsoft and Sony? 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. So just speaking to development capacity, it's interesting the way you position that the development capacity is decreasing in the industry. I'm not sure that, that's how I would characterize it. That may be empirically the case, but I think what you're really seeing is fewer titles, but they're bigger titles. And that doesn't necessarily translate to decreased development capacity. You're just talking about bigger projects, just fewer releases. And I think you will see that -- you're seeing it now. And I think you're going to see it going forward further into this generation and for the next generation whenever that comes. And I think that's something that we're experiencing, and we've actually been strategically pursuing that strategy for the better part of the last 4 or 5 years. And you see the rest of the industry coming along. So I don't think that's really a change for us. So if it's a change for other folks, I think they're going to have to change very quickly because look, that ship has sailed. The number of titles that are out there in the market are going to be reduced, there's no question about that. But I still think there's an awful lot of development capacity out there and a lot of opportunity for us to continue to make great games, not only with existing franchises, that we carry over into the next generation, but also with new IP. And as we've always said before, we need to invest in both, and we always feel strongly that we have to always be investing in both new and existing IP because that's how we think that we keep the pipeline fresh and create the most value we can. I hope that answers your question. I'm not sure if it did or didn't, but I think that's how we look at the next generation. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Douglas Creutz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: You guys have -- clearly the broadest and deepest lineup that you've ever had this year. And I guess, the question is -- and I think out to fiscal '14 and especially in the context of a potential console transition, do you feel like you have enough in the pipeline to extend profitability out into '14 and '15 and that you haven't sort of used up a lot of franchises this year? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, we feel pretty good, if not very good, about the upcoming years, although obviously, we're not providing any guidance or any insight into them. But we do feel good about it. The time of transition will create challenges for everyone, whenever that occurs, because as you know, the tie ratios begin to decline meaningfully at the end of the cycle when announcements are being made, and the installed base is low at the launch of the new console. But I think all of the players in the industry are giving some thought to what that means. Historically, this business has had a sine curve element, and the end of a cycle and the beginning of a new one has been a time when people see their revenues reduced, and depending what their fixed costs are, could dip into losses, which is why challenges are created for the weaker companies. It is very important that we be strong enough to withstand any of the challenges that we find. Obviously, we think we're being very thoughtful about the future, whatever it might bring, and we see primarily opportunity. As I said earlier, there are 4 elements that really matter in the transition: technology, talent, owned intellectual property and your balance sheet. And we think we tick off all the boxes. So I'm a believer that arrogance is the enemy of continued success. We're taking this very seriously. There are going to be challenges, but we feel like we're well positioned. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, and again, as we said before -- it's Karl, we also are making investments in certain things that really have nothing to do with console cycles at all, which, for example, the 3 projects we've got going on in Asia and our online initiatives. And if they are successful, we do expect that they could become meaningful contributors to us and smooth out that process, out that earning's curve. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie Group. 
Benjamin Schachter: A few questions. First one, housekeeping. Can you just remind us what that $15 million charge is for in 1Q? And then, when you think about the big AAA titles going forward, how does digital really change the revenue opportunity for those in terms of what's incremental, what can potentially continue to drive the life of some of those titles? How big can those be as a percentage of the overall sales? And then Strauss, if you have any thoughts, just in general. We talked a lot about tablets and mobile devices. It seems clear that the next phase is going to be Internet connectivity for more and more television screens. Any thoughts on how that impacts your business? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, the one-time payment relates to a provision of a contract that's expected to be triggered in June. That was entered into several years ago. We have confidentiality agreement around it, so we can't give any more detail. But we have no other obligations under that contract after the one-time payment. So we're not happy about it, but it is what it is. In terms of digital revenue, look, if you posit the time when the whole world becomes ephemeral and physical distribution goes away, then obviously, not all that revenue is going to be incremental. A good deal of it will be replacement revenue. Right now, though, for us, a great deal of it is incremental revenue, because it's affecting our catalog that may not be on the shelves any longer. And obviously, downloadable content has a physical element for us in many occasions but also a digitally distributed element. So I think the answer is all of the above. It's a good thing, bringing content to people where they want, how they want it, on economic terms that they find appealing. Increases the size of the business, and it is a big win for us. Ultimately, we're ecumenical about how we get content into our consumers' hands. We don't care whether it's physical or digital. However, remember physical goods are still 87% of our business in the fourth quarter. It is the lion's share of our business. Retail is our partner in this business, and that's not changing so very rapidly. And on tablets, I'm sorry, could you just repeat your question on tablets? 
Benjamin Schachter: It was actually more on television screens. It seems like we spend a lot of time on tablets and smartphones, but Internet now is going to be coming to television screens in a more meaningful way. How does that impact your business? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, you could imagine a situation where if you have a cloud gaming service and you have an Internet-enabled television that's easy use, then it would be somewhat easier for a consumer to play a game on a big screen without the intermediation of another device. But I'm not sure that's a difference or it makes a difference. Broader distribution is always a good thing for us. And if that occurs, look, we were a launch partner with OnLive, we're in business with Gaikai. We intend to be in business with anyone who speaks to consumers in the way they want to be addressed. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: So let me ask, I guess, what appears to me is an obvious question. When I look at your guidance for the year, you're losing money in the first quarter. And then that means you're going to earn about $2.80, looking at the midpoints for the remaining 3 quarters of the year. I can't get there unless I assume there's Grand Theft Auto V. Am I thinking about this incorrectly or is there something else there that allows you to get to these numbers without Grand Theft Auto? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we've announced that Grand Theft Auto V is in full development. We haven't announced a release date yet. What we have said about the year is that we have some titles that we expect to release that are not announced yet, and we have a terrific slate coming up. And that's the guidance that we want to give you as of now. 
Eric Handler: Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, when you look at your EPS guidance for the year, how would you assume your free cash flow outlook shakes out from that EPS guidance? Is it similar to EPS or are there other factors, too? 
Lainie Goldstein: We expect a strong -- from our strong slate of fiscal 2003 (sic) [2013] releases we expect to generate a significant amount of cash. But today, we're not going to provide a fiscal year end cash forecast right now. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets. 
Thomas Andrews: This is Tom Andrews standing in for Edward. Can you talk a little bit more about your initiatives in Asia, specifically how much has been, how much you guys are investing in over there and when -- the timing of when we might see these products begin to launch and maybe what the business models are like? And then also, with the DLC content for Max Payne, what kind of an attach rate are you expecting for that? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we set up our Asia projects so that -- we worked with really capable partners in Asia for a couple of reasons. The primary reason was we have a healthy respect for things that we don't know, and these are -- when we entered into these projects, markets we didn't know that well, and some formats we didn't have a great deal of experience in. And we were fortunate that we're working with the very best in the business, Tencent in China, Nexon and XLGAMES in Korea, and these are very robust markets that have enormous appetite for many games. So one of the reasons we chose not to, for example, invest a huge amount of money in the U.S. market is because the U.S. market is exceedingly challenging from an MMO point of view. It is a market that really has only accepted 2 MMOs in the history of the business here in a big way, one that's obviously exceedingly robust now, one that was very robust until relatively recently. And apart from that, there hasn't been a lot of consumer acceptance. You can juxtapose that against China, where at any given time, 10 to 20 MMOs are generating a lot of revenue and a lot of profitability in the market. That's pretty compelling to us, and that's why we chose to pursue those markets first. And because we worked with partners, we were also able to mitigate meaningfully our exposure in the case that things don't work out as planned. So we don't have a meaningful financial exposure. We do, however, have a very meaningful opportunity to make money in the market if things go well. We haven't announced launch dates. We do expect to be able to share some progress in the relatively near future. And on Max, we don't project tie ratios -- and I guess it goes without saying, but I'll say it anyhow, it's our aim to delight consumers. And if we give consumers what they want, they show up for. I have -- Max is an amazing game. The multiplayer is amazing. The reviews reflect that. The New York Times review was just extraordinary. The Guardian review was extraordinary. IGN review was extraordinary, and the word of mouth was extraordinary. I think the downloadable content will be incredible. It certainly was on Red Dead. I'm not sure you can look forward to any zombies, but you never know. And I think it's going to be phenomenally successful. We don't project tie ratios. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Andrew Connor: This is Andrew Connor speaking on behalf of Mike. So far, it seems you all have been somewhat conservative in terms of expanding into mobile and social gaming. And as you guys look out into the new console transition period with lower installed bases, is it possible you will get more aggressive on those fronts to sort of fill the gap? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, as Karl said earlier, one of the reasons that we're excited about these projects that are ongoing is if they're successful, they have the opportunity to diversify and smooth our revenues and profits. So that would be a good thing in the case of a dip related to a console transition. But that's not our primary motivation, because in order for that to happen, we still have to deliver great titles that consumers love. And first and foremost, our mission is to serve consumers, is bring them incredibly great interactive entertainment where they want it, when they want it, how they want it. Have we been conservative? I think we've been mindful of where we came from and where our expertise lies. And we bet on our intellectual property, and we bet on our own expertise, and then we've worked with A+ partners where we can learn something from them and where they're also willing to share the risk with us. As we get more confident, as we have some success, which I feel strongly that we will, I assume we'll also be willing to move out along the risk spectrum. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, I mean, I also think it's important because when you put -- when you group mobile and social together, I think it's important to make a distinction because an enormous part of the market for mobile and social to this point has been a very casual consumer. And while we do, do some casual games, that has not been our focus. So I wouldn't necessarily consider us being less aggressive when you take into consideration that we know who we are, we know who we're not. And I think we've been very aggressive in terms of using those platforms in the context of the type of games that we do. But for the most part, those platforms have been more casual. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joe Ziolkowski with Weintraub Capital Management. 
Joseph Ziolkowski: I have a question about your digital revenue growth. And that is -- it seems to be an important part of the future of the company. And I'm wondering if the 5% growth that you exhibited this year is something you're happy with. And do you have any thoughts about further growth in the outcoming years? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, again, there's no distinction between digitally delivered revenue and physical revenue, and we don't manage to a number there. We make our products available on whatever platforms we think will resonate with consumers. There's a cost to making product available on platforms, so we have to be mindful of the investment we make to bring a product to a different platform and make sure that we project to profitability. We're being as aggressive as we can possibly be in terms of being ubiquitous, while still being mindful that there's a cost to that ubiquity. But we're not managing to a particular number. And digitally distributed content is the identical content. Consumers don't care about how they get stuff. Consumers care about quality, convenience and price. And the whole notion of digitally delivered content is a red herring in our business. We need to be focused on how do you serve consumers? What are the costs to serve them? How much money can we make? What are the price points? What are the marketing costs? What are the margins? What other costs are there? And our goal and our strategy is to have ubiquitous distribution, and if we had to deliver our products by carrier pigeon and we could make a profit doing it, we'd do that, too. There's no magic in digitally distributed content. Equally, all digital is not created all the same. We have 0 interest in negative-margin businesses. 
Operator: We have no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we'd like to thank you very much for joining us today. We have a -- we're awfully proud of the progress we've made. We have an extraordinary outlook for this year. I think we're guiding to $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion in revenue, a very big number for our company; $2 to $2.25 a share in non-GAAP profits are expected. We have an awful lot of work to do to deliver that, and we are bound and determined to do so. We thank you for your support, and thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive's Fiscal Third Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Mr. Diamond, you may begin. 
Henry A. Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2012 ended December 31, 2011. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our Chief Operating Officer; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, I'm obliged to review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
 Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today we're pleased to announce results for our third quarter, which were solidly within our outlook range. Take-Two continues to execute strategically, creatively and operationally, and our long term outlook for growth and profitability is extraordinarily promising.
 For the third quarter, we delivered net revenue of $236.3 million, non-GAAP net income of $0.27 per share, and we ended the period with $453.3 million in cash. The strongest contributor to our third quarter results was the successful launch of NBA 2K12, which received the highest ratings in the history of our basketball franchise and 2K Sports. The quality of this title coupled with 2K's creative and well-orchestrated marketing campaign enabled us to sell in nearly 4 million units despite the NBA lockout during the initial launch.
 Sales of NBA 2K12 have accelerated since the start of the basketball season, and we believe that the title will continue to grow its audience throughout the year. I'd like to congratulate 2K's Visual Concepts studio and the marketing team at 2K Sports for taking an innovative approach to addressing this year's release and delivering an experience that once again raises the bar for excellence. As a result of their hard work, we expect fiscal 2012 to be another profitable year for 2K Sports.
 Our third quarter also benefited from robust holiday sales of our catalog, including the Grand Theft Auto franchise, Red Dead Redemption, Midnight Club: Los Angeles and Borderlands. In addition, L.A. Noire continues to be a key title for the company and has sold in nearly 5 million units worldwide since its launch in May. According to NPD sales data for the U.S., it was the top-selling new intellectual property in our industry during 2011. Our ability to create new wholly-owned intellectual properties and convert them into valuable franchises is a competitive advantage and an integral part of Take-Two's DNA. Rockstar's success with L.A. Noire is a prime example.
 Expanding our digital offerings remains an important component of Take-Two's strategy. Digitally-delivered content represented 11% of net revenue in the third quarter, led by offerings from our Grand Theft Auto franchise, Red Dead Redemption, Borderlands and L.A. Noire. Among these, our biggest seller was Grand Theft Auto III: 10th Anniversary Edition for our iOS and Android. This is our first title for Android and our highest-selling mobile release to date. It's just one example of how we're increasingly able to generate meaningful incremental income from our rich catalog of fantastic games by tailoring the experience to emerging platforms.
 At Take-Two, we focus on creating the most innovative and compelling interactive entertainment experiences that delight consumers with every new release. As we recently announced, Max Payne 3 is now planned for launch on May 15, joining our stellar lineup for fiscal 2013. Pre-orders for the title are strong, and the new trailers received significant attention from fans. We're confident that Rockstar will deliver another groundbreaking entertainment experience with Max Payne 3, which is shaping up to be one of our most exciting releases ever.
 I'd now like to discuss some of the strategic initiatives that we believe position Take-Two for even greater long-term success. We continue to invest aggressively in making our content available to consumers on all relevant platforms. Our 3 online projects in Asia are moving ahead as planned and are positioned to become important contributors to Take-Two's future performance. In particular, the online version of NBA 2K, which we're co-developing with Tencent in China, is in closed beta testing, and our initial user engagement with the title has been outstanding.
 Expanding our lineup for smartphones and tablets by leveraging our proven franchises and development expertise. In addition to GTA III during the third quarter, we released an iOS version of NBA 2K12. We have many other mobile projects in the pipeline, all with the goal of enabling consumers to engage with our franchises wherever and whenever they want.
 And in November, we raised $250 million through a convertible note offering. By taking advantage of a limited window of opportunity to raise capital on attractive terms, we've enhanced our ability to pursue acquisitions, invest in additional internal projects and take other actions to drive shareholder value. This cash, coupled with our improved renewed credit facility, bolsters our already sound foundation to grow our business.
 I'm extremely pleased that Take-Two has all the pieces in place to achieve long-term success and returns for our shareholders. We have a proven strategy focused on delivering the most innovative and compelling interactive entertainment experiences, the most talented developers and marketing team in our industry who set new benchmarks with every release, the strongest pipeline in the company's history, and ample resources to pursue our many growth opportunities across new platforms and regions.
 We expect fiscal 2013 to be one of our best years ever, with substantial revenue growth and non-GAAP net income in excess of $2 per share. Our entire team is focused everyday on maximizing and achieving the potential of our enterprise.
 I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll review our lineup of upcoming releases. Next Tuesday, 2K Games will release The Darkness II. Based on the supernatural comic book series, gamers will experience fast and intuitive combat throughout the game's stunning world. Two weeks ago, 2K launched a demo for The Darkness II, which has been well received by the media and consumers.
 On March 6, 2K Sports and 2K Play will usher in a start of the 2012 baseball season with the releases of Major League Baseball 2K12 and Nicktoons MLB for Nintendo 3DS. Major League Baseball 2K12 features Cy Young award-winning pitcher, Justin Verlander, of the Detroit Tigers. This title will once again be supported by the $1 million dollar Perfect Game Challenge, which will deliver even more excitement and intensity by staging a live 8-person final tournament that will determine our new $1 million champion.
 Nicktoons MLB for Nintendo 3DS takes a more lighthearted approach to America's favorite pastime by pitting an All-Star roster of Nicktoons characters against players from all 30 Major League teams. This title will be 2K Play's second offering for 3DS and will provide hours of 3D baseball action on the go.
 Beyond fiscal 2012, we have the most robust lineup of titles in Take-Two's history. On May 15, Rockstar plans to launch Max Payne 3, one of this year's most anticipated new releases. Bringing powerful storytelling back to the action shooter genre, Max Payne 3 will deliver an intense gaming experience. And a first for the series, the title's multiplayer offering brings the game's signature dark, cinematic feel and fluid gunplay into the realm of online multiplayer. Playing on themes of paranoia, betrayal and heroism, Max Payne 3 features a wide range of new and traditional multiplayer modes, all delivered with the same epic visual style of the single-player game.
 During the first half of fiscal 2013, 2K Games will launch Spec Ops: The Line, a fresh take on the military shooter, combining up close and personal combat with a thought-provoking story. Players assume the role of a U.S. Delta Force operative, leading a search and rescue mission set against the backdrop of a sandstorm-ravaged Dubai. Spec Ops: The Line is 2K's exciting foray into the modern military genre, with compelling action that moves players beyond the simplistic conflict of good versus bad. In addition to the single-player campaign, the title features an expansive, squad-based multiplayer experience.
 Irrational Games' BioShock Infinite continues to set the stage for the most thrilling offering yet from this hit franchise, which has sold in over 9 million units. Slated for release during calendar 2012, the title will include a number of innovative features, including the recently announced 1999 Mode, which will allow players to choose a more challenging experience with permanent consequences from their gameplay decisions. Set in an immense city in the sky, BioShock Infinite promises to take gamers to a new level of action and realism.
 2K Games is now slated to offer 2 separate XCOM releases with unique creative visions. Firaxis Games, the team behind the iconic Sid Meier's Civilization franchise, is now hard at work on XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Arriving this fall, this action strategy game will allow players to control the operations of a secret paramilitary organization and lead tactical combat missions against a dangerous alien threat. In addition, 2K Marin is continuing to develop their shooter version of XCOM, which combines visceral gunplay with powerful sci-fi abilities as players face a vicious enemy from another world.
 Also coming from 2K Games in fiscal 2013 is Borderlands 2, the next installment in the critically acclaimed franchise that has sold in over 5 million units worldwide. Developed by Gearbox Software, this "shooter-looter" will be an experience of epic scale, featuring a story and characters that are larger than life and a world that's as beautiful as it is deadly. Through its action-packed single player and cooperative multiplayer experiences, Borderlands 2 will continue to define the role-playing shooter genre.
 And finally, Grand Theft Auto V is making great progress and promises to continue Rockstar's incredible track record of delighting fans by raising the bar in interactive entertainment. We look forward to updating you further on these and many other projects going forward.
 Thanks, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll review our results for the third quarter and then provide some details, vendor outlook for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2012. Note that all of the numbers I'll be providing today are non-GAAP results from continuing operations, unless otherwise stated. Our press release provides a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP measurements.
 For the third quarter of fiscal 2012, we delivered net revenue of $236.3 million, driven by strong sales, NBA 2K12, catalog titles, digital offerings, L.A. Noire, and our Nickelodeon lineup. This compares to $334.3 million for the third quarter last year, which had benefited from the strong post-launch performance of Red Dead Redemption, the releases of Red Dead Redemption: Undead Nightmare and Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete, and the absence of the NBA lockout that affected sales of NBA 2K12.
 Catalog sales accounted for approximately 34% of our revenue during the third quarter, led by Grand Theft Auto franchise, Red Dead Redemption, Midnight Club: Los Angeles and Borderlands. The release of the Red Dead Redemption: Game of the Year Edition during the quarter was the key contributor to the continuing strong sales of Red Dead Redemption.
 Digitally-delivered content accounted for 11% of our net revenue for the period, led by downloadable add-on content for our key catalog titles and L.A. Noire. As mentioned by Strauss, our most successful digital title was Grand Theft Auto III: 10th anniversary Edition, which delivered high margins due to the relatively low incremental cost of tailoring the game for the iOS and Android platforms.
 Gross margin for the third quarter was 47%, up approximately 3 percentage points year-over-year. This increase was primarily driven by lower internal royalties resulting from a change in the mix of revenues and lower capitalized software amortization due to an increase in revenue from catalog titles.
 Operating expenses were approximately $79 million for the quarter -- for the third quarter, down about $13 million versus the prior year's period, driven by lower selling and marketing and performance-based compensation expense. Selling and marketing expense was higher in the third quarter last year to support the launch of Red Dead Redemption: Undead Nightmare and the post-launch performance of Red Dead Redemption.
 Interest and other expense increased year-over-year due to the inclusion of the coupon interest expense for the $250 million of convertible notes that we issued in November. Our strong revenue and margin performance enabled us to deliver non-GAAP net income of $29 million, or $0.27 per share, for the third quarter of fiscal 2012. GAAP income from continuing operations was $14 million, or $0.16 per share.
 Turning to some key items from our balance sheet as compared to the second quarter. Our cash balance increased to $453 million. Our accounts receivable balance increased to $53 million, reflecting higher sales during the third quarter. Inventory decreased to $23 million, primarily due to the release of NBA 2K12 in October. And software development costs and licenses increased to $303 million, reflecting the significant development efforts around our pipeline of upcoming releases.
 Now I'll review our financial outlook for the full year and fourth quarter fiscal 2012, which is all provided on a non-GAAP basis. For the full year, we are updating our previous financial outlook. We now expect revenue to range from $790 million to $840 million, and non-GAAP net loss to range from $0.60 to $0.75 per share. The change to our outlook primarily reflects the impact of Max Payne 3's planned release date moving into fiscal 2013.
 For the full year, we expect the revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 45% from Rockstar, 22% from 2K Games, 27% from 2K Sports and 6% in 2K Play. We expect our geographic revenue split to be about 60% North America and 40% international. Excluding our sports business, our geographic split is expected to be approximately 55% North America and 45% international.
 We expect gross margins in the mid- to upper 30s. We expect total operating expenses to remain constant year-over-year, with higher selling and marketing expense to support our new releases and lower performance-based compensation expense. And we project interest and other expense of approximately $10 million, tax expense of about $4 million and shares of approximately $83 million.
 Turning to our outlook for our fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. We expect to deliver revenue ranging from $112 million to $162 million and a non-GAAP net loss ranging from $0.50 to $0.65 per share.
 The majority of our revenue in the fourth quarter is expected to come from the upcoming releases of The Darkness II and Major League Baseball 2K12, along with ongoing sales of NBA 2K12. We expect fourth quarter gross profit margins in the mid- to upper 20s.
 Total operating expenses for the fourth quarter should increase by approximately 5% year-over-year, driven by selling and marketing expense to support our fourth quarter 2012 and first quarter 2013 releases. Our fourth quarter outlook also reflects interest and other expense of approximately $3 million, tax expense of approximately $1 million and an estimated share count of approximately $84 million.
 Looking ahead, we are incredibly excited about Take-Two's outlook for fiscal 2013 and beyond. As noted earlier, our development pipeline is the strongest in the company's history. We anticipate that fiscal 2013 will be one of the company's best years ever, including substantial revenue growth and non-GAAP net income in excess of $2 per share.
 With our industry-leading IP, world-class talent and ample financial resources, Take-Two is well positioned to deliver growth and profitability over the long term.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. We're pleased with the quarter's results, and we look forward to sharing more progress with you in the coming months. I'd like to thank our colleagues for their dedication and hard work. Together, we're building an ever stronger Take-Two, with a commitment to delivering value to our consumers, business partners and shareholders.
 We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Could you maybe talk about Rockstar's ability to get more than one title out in a year? Is that something they've ever been able to do and something that you could see that could happen at some point? And then secondly, I don't know if you commented on this, but where do you think the long-term margins of this company could be headed once you get past the baseball contract? Do you think you can keep getting them higher as you transition to digital, which has been a big theme for some of the other big companies in the space? 
Strauss Zelnick: Justin, it's Strauss. Yes, there definitely have been historical periods where Rockstar has put out more than a title in the year. And I also remember it's a bit misleading, because there's so much other content now that comes along with an initial release. When we put out Red Dead Redemption, it wasn't just about Red Dead Redemption. It was about all kinds of digitally-delivered content that came after Red Dead Redemption and kept that title alive and kicking to this very day. Right? The initial release was incredibly successful, and now we're up to about 13 million units, I believe, in terms of what's been sold in. So that's an extraordinary result, and it's a result because Rockstar doesn't just make one title, they make a title with an eye towards continuing to delight consumers with that title going forward. And it's a real view to building franchises. So yes, there's been times when we've had more than one tempo release in a year, and I think the team is eminently capable of doing that equally. The holy grail that we outlined was developing new franchises every year, we've been doing that at least once a year since 2007, and then creating ongoing engagement with consumers that's profitable for the enterprise with add-on content that's largely, but not entirely, digitally delivered. And actually, it turns out we're delivering that to retail as well. And I think that that's an extraordinary situation, and it's driven by Rockstar's commitment to quality. And that does take a lot of time and a lot of resources. In terms of margins, Lainie? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the margins going forward without the MLB business, we expect it to definitely come up. And we are happy that the agreement is over, so we'll be able to achieve higher margins. In terms of specific numbers, it would be based on what titles come out and what period. So it's very difficult to give an exact number that we would go after. But we certainly are shooting for a higher margin going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee. 
Arvind Bhatia: I wanted to see if you can help us a little bit more on the fourth quarter. One, I think the guidance seems quite a bit broad, given that you are halfway into the quarter, almost 1/3 at least done. Second, just wondering, as we look at fiscal '13, can you talk about all the various plans and DLC, et cetera in your mind that would contribute to digital? And what percentage of your business you think will come, say, in the next 12 to 24 months from digital? 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of your fourth quarter question about the range of the guidance, we still have 2 new releases that haven't shipped yet for the quarter: Darkness II and Major League Baseball. So that performance could vary. So that's why we left the range on the larger scale. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And in terms of digitally-delivered content, it remains an enormous focus of the company, both in terms of supporting frontline releases and maintaining the life and building the life of a franchise and equally, catalog distribution. And this becomes -- this is a bigger and bigger area of focus for our company. We recently released Grand Theft Auto III: 10th Anniversary Edition for iOS and Android. And we continue to roll out iterations of our franchises for any number of platforms with an eye towards bringing our intellectual property to consumers wherever they are, whenever they want it and through whatever channel interests them. The effect of that is our digitally-delivered business has been somewhere between 9% and 25% of our revenue quarter-to-quarter, depending on what our frontline looks like. What that really tells you though is package goods still is the lion's share of our business. Retail is an important partner, but we're ecumenical. We want to give consumers what they want, where they want it. We've already disclosed that the margin difference is not that significant between digitally-delivered goods and packaged goods. So we're, in a way, indifferent. The goal here is to meet consumers' needs and delight them and find them where they are. 
Arvind Bhatia: And the last one on digital. I guess the online projects in Asia, when should we expect to hear a little bit more? I know we've talked about this in the past, but is there anything else you can tell us in terms of the milestones we should be watching for? You mentioned the closed beta testing, good engagement. Any metrics to share with us today? 
Strauss Zelnick: There obviously are plenty of metrics, and what's good about -- what's interesting about that business is you can actually measure it on an ongoing basis. And of course, your consumers guide you after you launch and, in many instances, before you launch. We're not sharing those metrics publicly. Obviously, we're watching them closely, and we feel pretty good about how it's going. We've also been updating the market and our shareholders every quarter on our progress, and it remains very sound and very encouraging. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research. 
James Hardiman: A couple of quick questions here on the guidance. When you talked about pushing back Max Payne into next year, you talked about that being a $0.60 to $0.70 impact, although now the new guidance seems to be down more than $0.60 to $0.70 versus your guidance coming out of the second quarter. So I guess the question is are there incremental drags on earnings over and above sort of the Max Payne impact here? 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Q4, when we gave out the information on Max Payne, that was the information that we knew at the time on that title. So we didn't update the full guidance. We said that we would do that on this call. So the updated numbers, there is a couple variety of other factors that are affecting the Q4 numbers. We had some adjustments to our fourth quarter sales forecast based on some current trends and the near-term sales outlook that we were seeing. We also have a more challenging retail environment in Europe as part of that. We have higher expected software development cost amortization in the period, and we have the coupon interest expense on our new convertible notes, as well as a lower share count due to the expected loss position we now have in Q4. 
James Hardiman: Great, very helpful. And then just continuing to go down that path, $0.60 to $0.70 of Max Payne getting pushed out of this year and into next, presumably. You were previously targeting that $2 for next year, even before the move. So should I be thinking about $2.60 to $2.70? Or ultimately, did some other titles fall out of '13 and maybe go into '14? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we gave that figure some time ago in an effort to be transparent about the robust year we had ahead of ourselves. We have some titles that remain unannounced for the year, very robust lineup. But we don't intend to adjust that figure regularly on a prospective basis. We'll guide as we normally do at this point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler with MKM Partners. 
Eric Handler: Just curious of a statement that you've talked about before, being physical margins being comparable to digital margins. Can you sort of walk through the puts and takes of how that is, given you don't have the packaging with digital? And I would just think that it doesn't take a lot more to do some downloadable content in terms of the cost to create that. So where -- what's the reason why they're comparable margins? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, obviously, your margins interact with your selling price, as well as your cost profile. And in the case of your physical goods, you have your cost of goods sold and what you can -- you're obviously familiar what that is. With regard to digital goods, you're right. You don't have certain physical costs, but you do have marketing partners with whom you share. And you may have a different frontline price point. So the effect is that percentages may bump around, but the dollar margins per unit are pretty similar. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with National Alliance. 
Michael Hickey: Just another question on your fiscal '13 guidance of plus $2 per share. I understand you don't want to update that. But are the inputs the same? I mean, game-wise? Or can we at least get clarification that the games that you were modeling for fiscal '13 originally are the same, plus Max now? 
Lainie Goldstein: Mike, when we gave that information out, we said we'd be above $2. And so clearly, it was like 9 months ago I think at this point. So things definitely move around, but we still maintain that we'll be over $2 in that period. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. And then Apple's creating a lot of buzz that they may go into the TV market at the end of this year, maybe early '13. And clearly, they've been disruptive to other markets. I'm just curious, Strauss, how you see a potential Apple TV, how that's going to impact your business and maybe how you can benefit from it? 
Strauss Zelnick: That's a good question. I mean, if you believe that everything is going to be connected and that processing power continues to go, if you believe the Moore's law as I do -- I mean, people who don't have been disabused of the notion -- then a TV that delivers the kind of quality experience Apple has delivered to other product lines could be a very interesting added benefit for gamers at home. But until I see the product and what it's meant to do, it's very hard to opine. 
Michael Hickey: Okay. And then if that's not disruptive enough, it looks like -- obviously, you have Nintendo having a next-gen platform this year. It looks like Microsoft is heavily rumored '13 or '14, so can you just walk us through how you manage your IP and your resources into sort of another next-gen cycle? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, it's a great question, Mike. As you're aware, when these platform transitions occur, the strong becomes stronger and the weak go away, because they -- what happens of course is your software acquisition curve declines as the new platforms are announced and the old platforms are coming to the end of their growth period. Of course they don't go away. We still sell products that were launched a long time ago, and we still sell physical goods for those products. But you do see a decline in the tie ratio as the new platforms are announced. And as they come out, platforms obviously have low installed bases in the beginning, for obviously. So we have to be very thoughtful about how we manage our portfolio. And we and our competitors all are thinking about it. It's a little premature because it's early days yet, but it is something that we're being very thoughtful about. And I will say this: from a financial position, the company has never been in better shape to invest. From an intellectual-property position, the company's never had more franchises or more important franchises than we have now. So between the 2, then add the most important thing which is we believe we have the very best development talent in the business, bar none, and it's largely internal talent, which is to say that we have the ability to talk to our colleagues and all get on the same page about what we want to develop. And then we have the ability to go do it. No one needs to ask anyone's permission. We don't need to find external resources to pursue that. And we have a habit of making the highest-quality products in the business. So we think we're as well positioned as anyone could be. You are right, however, that these transitions create challenges and opportunities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter with Macquarie. 
Benjamin Schachter: Strauss, you've been somewhat outspoken on the whole social gaming issue, and now there's a lot more data out there, with Zynga being public and Facebook having their data last night. Given all the new details, just wondering if you had any updated thoughts on how social gaming may evolve and how it may impact Take-Two? Then I have a couple of follow-ups. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we still believe it's potentially an opportunity. We put out Civilization for Facebook, got great ratings on it and had a great learning experience. It wasn't an especially costly endeavor, and we continue to be exceedingly focused on what social gaming can mean for Take-Two. We do have to be true to our DNA. We make robust products, we make the highest-quality products in the business, and we aim to delight consumers with everything we do. So both can be true. There can be a big social gaming market, and there can be companies out there that are doing a terrific job attacking the market. And equally, there's a very significant market for what we and many of our competitors do in terms of more robust experiences. And as I said earlier, we endeavor to do all of the above. But when we say we endeavor to do all of the above, we are doing so judiciously with an eye towards how much we're investing and making sure that everything we do is based on the passion of our development teams and the desire to delight consumers. In terms of the metrics that are going on, look, it is pretty extraordinary and something to admire that in a very short period of time, Mark Zuckerberg and his team at Facebook will be launching an IPO that's rumored to be a $75 billion to $100 billion offering. And I read today that they're reporting about over $8 billion -- about $3.5 billion of revenue, about $1 billion in profits. And they do all that with a couple of thousand employees. And how can you not admire that? 
Benjamin Schachter: And just separately on some of the Asia issues. So beyond China, just wondering, are there other markets in Asia that are interesting for you? And how have some of the other markets, Japan and some other areas, changed over the last few years? 
Karl Slatoff: Well, I mean, I think all of the -- this is Karl, Ben. All of the markets in Asia are potentially interesting to us. Some are more developed than others. Some are more developed in packaged goods than others. I think in terms of both the Southeast Asian markets, we do have a robust packaged good business which is growing. But that's obviously where we focus the bulk of our online activities. Japan is also very interesting. That's from an online prospective. But that's really more of a mobile market. So it really does depend from a market-by-market basis. And then it remains to be seen whether some of the other markets like India can evolve and present an opportunity for us. I happen to believe that they can. But again, time will tell, and I think that those markets, they do evolve a bit more. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst: Two questions if I might. First, on the iOS experience you're having and the success of GTA III. And, Lainie, you mentioned that it was a very high margin product for you, given that it was relatively painless to port the product over to iOS. Is that platform now -- given that success, is that platform now able to support a ground-up launch? Could you take a AAA Rockstar title, build it from the ground up for iOS and have a financial success? Are the economics compelling enough at this point to sort of develop originally -- an AAA title like that iOS? And then second question on baseball. With the contract over and that going from being a drag on earnings to being neutral, is there an opportunity given that you have the engine built and great ratings in that game and experience in selling to that market to turn that into a new contract that is profit share rather than the big upfront payments that have caused it to be so painful in the past? 
Karl Slatoff: Daniel, it's Karl. In terms of iOS, your question was really can we do a AAA product from the ground up on iOS? And I think it really depends on what your definition of AAA is. There is still a limitation to the technical capabilities and processing power on the IOS. So can you put out an experience that is equivalent to something you would put on one of the more advanced consoles or PC? The answer is no, you can't do that yet. Will there be a day when that happens? Obviously. And then it's just a question of is there a convergence between the iOS operating system and the other ones as they evolve? And honestly, I can't answer that question. But time will tell. But obviously, we can't do something as in depth as one of our big AAA games on the iOS system today from the ground up. That being said, we had and we are pursuing things. Development from the ground up. We're not just interested in iOS and Android as a port outlet for us. We are endeavoring to build things from the ground up on iOS and the Android systems that actually do present more robust experiences. And we're not the only ones. There's others that are going after that as well. In terms of MLB, look. I mean, we've had -- I think we have a great baseball game. We have a great engine. Obviously, we have assets there. Whether there's a deal to be done, that remains to be seen. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with UBS. 
Brian Fitzgerald: Lainie, you mentioned softness in Europe. And last night, one of your competitors mentioned that financial concerns at a key U.K. retail partner could impact revenues next quarter. Is that what you're seeing? Is it localized more towards the U.K.? Or is it maybe broader in terms of EU? And should we anticipate ongoing international pressure there going forward? And I had one follow-up on some of the digital stuff. 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, on the retail in Europe, we're not going to really comment specifically on who it is or what the issues are there. Overall, I think that the business in Europe for us is pretty strong, and we certainly are going to be affected if one or more of our retailers are having issues over in Europe. 
Brian Fitzgerald: Okay. And on the digital side, do you see any differentiation relative to your performance with titles on iOS versus Android? And maybe in terms of your distribution channels, Origin versus Valve? 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't really give out that level of detail, and it's -- but I will say it's still a work in progress. And obviously, one of the concerns that an AAA developer has and publisher has is the price point of those platforms. And that is a concern, I think. We do deliver these AAA experiences, and consumers are accustomed to an exceedingly low price point. 
Karl Slatoff: And to be clear, we're actually not on Origin at this point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Cruetz with Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Creutz: Yes. You guys have a lot of AAA products scheduled for the upcoming year. I think probably 2x more than you've ever shipped in a single year. And I'm just wondering, do you have any concern about cannibalization between the products, your ability to support all those products with launches independently, the marketing dollars, et cetera? Just how you're thinking about that. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a good question. I mean, the thing about cannibalization in entertainment is remember, unlike, say, the toothpaste business, in the entertainment business, you never need entertainment. So when people ask about competitors, in a way, we compete with all forms of entertainment. In a way, we don't compete at all. Because when you give consumers something that they really, really want, they come out for it. That said, we found out post the worldwide financial crisis in '08, the consumers we're more selective with their dollars and that put a finer point on our need and desire to put out only the highest-quality products. So in a way, even if we have a title release schedule, we don't really compete because it's not as though our franchises look alike or sound alike or play alike. All that said, there is a matter of focus. We have a limited number of individuals around here, and we do want to make sure that when we're spending a lot of money to make a AAA product and a lot of money to market it, that the entire organization can focus. So we try to schedule accordingly. And we try to be mindful of what our competitors are doing as well. And I think our competitors have found it wise to be mindful of what we're doing. So the answer is yes, it's a high-class problem, but we do have to be somewhat careful not to step on releases. And I think we are. I think one of the ways we've done it is we were kind of a market leader in saying actually, there is another season besides the Christmas holiday season that we can be really successful throughout the rest of the year, with a possible exception of July. And we tend to focus on a worldwide release schedule that covers virtually every month of the year. So to answer your question, I think we do have sufficient room in the calendar to be effective without stepping on our products. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets. 
Edward Williams: Just a couple of questions looking at platforms. Can you comment a little bit about your thoughts with regards to the upcoming launch of PS Vita and how you see the handhelds relative to iOS and your level of support there? I have seen handheld hasn't been big for you in the past, but where your thought is there? And then as a follow-up to that, can you talk about a little bit about how you are prioritizing your development resources between digital versus physical and then across the various consoles as we look into the current year? 
Karl Slatoff: Hey, it's Karl. In terms of the Vita, we have not announced any specific support for Vita, although Ken Levine did actually speak of the Vita when the -- and the concept of BioShock at one point, but we have not actually announced anything specific and related to that. That being said, we've had a long history with Sony and their handheld devices and have done very well together over the past. So we are looking forward to the Vita coming out in the Western markets. And it's obvious that it's something that we're giving great consideration to on a go-forward basis. In terms of -- I think your second part of that question was something about competing with how the Vita hold up versus other handheld opportunities and specifically iOS? I mean, look, just by the fact that Vita is a mobile device and a lot of the -- all of the iOS devices are mobile devices as well. By definition, they could be construed as competitive. I think that they are different platforms and there's different technical capabilities between the 2 platforms. But are they competitive? Well, to the extent that you're only going to have one mobile device which, by the way, all of us don't. We all have multiple mobile devices, then they will be directly competitive. But again, that will shake out in the market. And can you just repeat your second question? It was something, it was about... 
Edward Williams: What I was curious about is if you're looking at that allocating your development budget across different platforms, can you just comment a little bit how you're prioritizing the decision to focus on digital versus the decision to focus on physical, or the decision to focus on the 360 versus PS3? Or do we -- just how you kind of characterize that budgeting process or how you're going about it? 
Karl Slatoff: I can't really go through a great amount detail about it but I'll give you philosophically how we look at this. In terms of amongst different consoles, et cetera, we look at what -- what platforms in general that are relevant. And we develop for those platforms. And then it behooves us to be -- to have our content to the extent that, that platform can handle our content and the experience we want to deliver to be on all the platforms that are relevant to the consumer. So all of the console platforms are relevant. Obviously we've developed across-the-board in that context. And in terms of digital versus physical, we actually don't really look at our development budgets in that way at all. Because in a lot of ways, look, it's all zeros and ones. It's the same content, and whether it's delivered digitally or physically, it's the same stuff. So whether the digital opportunity is really more a function of how it's delivered ultimately and not necessarily something that we're looking at separately in the development context. Now online games, which is a separate component of the "digital business", that is a separate consideration. And we look, as Strauss said before, we're very aggressive in our online strategy, and we've got 3 projects that we've announced going on in Asia at this point, and each of them has their own separate development budget that we manage internally. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. 
Gregor Schauer: This is Gregor Schauer in for Colin. I wanted to dig in a little bit more into the iOS and the Android contribution this quarter. It looks like last year there was 0% contribution, and then I assume that this is in the other category and that was 3% this quarter which looks like a nice contribution in terms of growth. But could you give us any further insight in terms of how that broke down between Android and IOS? And do you have some positive things to say about Android? And so the general perception is that most of the gaming monies to be made on iOS, are using any different there? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we're not probably going to break down the information much further especially because it's early days yet. 
Gregor Schauer: Right. Well, just regarding the latter part of my question, are you seeing anything different in terms of -- sort of the general perception that most of the gaming opportunities are really just on iOS? Are you seeing more? Or are you seeing there's some more opportunity for Android? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, I don't see it that way. I mean, I think that Apple has a great advantage because they brought out this terrific tablet and it's done incredibly well. But I think there are plenty of Android opportunities as well. And there's plenty to go around in any case. There's billions of people with mobile platforms and I believe that tablets will be ubiquitous. And that's why we are in the market and why we need to be there. But we don't need to -- we have plenty of choices that we actually have to really debate and focus on because we have to make them. But this isn't a choice we have to make. We can do both. 
Karl Slatoff: Because with GTA III, the Anniversary Edition was on the iOS and Android. 
Strauss Zelnick: Precisely. 
Gregor Schauer: Right. Okay, and then just finally, regarding the tablet opportunity versus the smartphones, do you see -- is anything significantly different there in terms of opportunity? Do you think the ultimate issue is the tablet's becoming more important than the smartphones? 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, they're going to change because tablets, as Karl just referenced, if you believe in Moore's Law, we're pretty early with tablets. Eventually you have the believe the processing power of tablets is going to grow substantially. And in any case, the screen size is bigger. So even if the processing power of a smartphone is equal that of a PC, you're still burdened by a screen size issue. So in terms of the kind of experiences we love to focus on which is a very robust experience, I think the tablet's going to be a more interesting platform for us. However, people have proven that you can do really well with games on a small platform as well. As I said we do have to consider price points because we developed these very high-quality products and so we are not unmindful of the need to charge an appropriate price for those products. 
Gregor Schauer: Right. Okay, and then obviously it's considering that we are taking into account that tablet distribution is probably never going to be the equivalent of smartphones, just given the different market sizes? 
Strauss Zelnick: It remains to be seen, but I wouldn't actually agree with that. I think tablets are going to be ubiquitous. 
Gregor Schauer: Right, but I mean mobile devices about sell in the order of 1.6 billion if there were all smartphones are at one point. Wouldn't you agree at all, it's difficult to imagine 1.6 billion tablet units? 
Strauss Zelnick: No, I don't believe it is. I'm a big believer that tablets will be ubiquitous. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Atul Bagga with Lazard. 
Atul Bagga: Just a quick one on your potential use of cash. Can you help us specifically what your -- help us understand your acquisition strategy? What segments you might be looking at, what sizes? Is this something which is on your radar right now? 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, the good news about our cash balance is that it allows us to consider opportunities that perhaps we couldn't have considered in the past. And we are in growth mode around here. And so we're investing behind our development teams. We're investing in our marketing teams. And we're investing in our franchises. And we're investing in the footprint of our distribution which is reflected in the percentage of our revenues that comes from outside the United States which has grown materially since 2007. We like to be in a position of being able to consider opportunities that come up, and one of the reasons we're able to is, frankly, the cost of capital is much lower today than it was years ago for this sort of capital. So while it is a drag on our per share results, it's not anywhere near as much of as drag as it might have been just a couple of years ago. All that said, what we've done so far from an M&A point of view is we've been exceedingly disciplined, we're focused on value and when we have done an acquisition, we've acquired intellectual property as well as a team and -- that we felt both would advantage ourselves in our core business. And I don't think you will see that thinking change. So what we're not going to do is roll the dice on behalf of our shareholders and take a flyer and see what happens and then announce a write-off if it goes against us. I think you can assume that we take being fiduciaries of capital exceedingly seriously, and if we do make an acquisition, large or small, it will be consistent with the strategy we've outlined, it will be heavily focused on being accretive as quickly as possible, and it will be value-oriented. 
Atul Bagga: And just to be clear as well, you had mentioned early on that margins between digital and packaged goods business, you see kind of a similar margin, and in terms of opportunity, you're still seeing strong opportunity in the packaged goods side. Is it fair to say that when you're looking at acquisition, it could be across-the-board, whether it's digital or packaged goods? 
Strauss Zelnick: As Karl said, everything we do is digital. Now we're just starting to learn about how you get it to consumers. We're just -- we're indifferent. We want to be expert in getting our products to consumers wherever they are, however they want it, whatever channel they want, and frankly, we want to be flexible at how they pay for it as well. And in order to do that, you need to avail yourselves of all different forms of digital as well as packaged goods distribution. But there's nothing, technically, that prevents us from distributing a AAA console title digitally. Right? We do so. So I can't imagine making a deal that would somehow make a decision among the camps because this isn't a fight. The answer is all of the above. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson: I just have one quick one. How do you guys think about kind of DLC delivery and annual subscriptions going forward? Do you expect or should we expect that you will institute a DLC membership service of any -- for any of your larger franchises going forward? 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl, Mike. Well, look, in terms of DLC, obviously, right now most of our DLC distribution is done on a sort of one-off basis in terms of, you pay a price and you own -- then you own the DLC. There are whole host of other business models that you can consider in the context of electronically distributed content. And those are in the form of some potential subscriptions. We have lots of variations on those. There's also microtransactions. It's free to play with microtransactions. There's also lower priced models plus microtransactions. The iterations are almost endless. And at the end of the day, we look at these -- those type of -- that type of evolutions as an opportunity to really be able the maximize our relationship, and ultimately our financial relationships with the consumer to give them content the way they want their content, where they want the content, give it to them, and the way they want to buy the content, so that they can engage more fully. In a dynamic world, where the more you get paid, the more deeper consumers engage with their content, I can tell you that we feel we are very well-positioned because in our products, consumers do engage deeply and we offer a lot of value in our products. And in a world where everything doesn't cost $59, and it really -- there's -- I don't want to say price discrimination, but there's potential price differences depending on how much content you actually and value deliver to the consumer, we will fare very well. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: I was asking about the convertible and why you did it, but you already answered that. 
Operator: We have no further questions in queue at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks so much for joining us. We're gratified with the quarter's results. We're very excited about our upcoming releases and we very much appreciate your support. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-09-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Cindy Buckwalter - Executive Vice President Strauss Zelnick - Chairman of the Board Benjamin Feder - Chief Executive Officer, Director Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets  Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Mike Hickey - Janco Partners Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach  Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software Q3 2009 results. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindy Buckwalter, Executive Vice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter. You may begin. 
Cindy Buckwalter : Thank you. Welcome and thank you all for joining us for our third quarter conference call. Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Chairman of Take-Two; Ben Feder, our CEO; and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. Our team will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.  Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2008, and our 10-Q for the second quarter ended April 30, 2009. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.taketwogames.com.  Now I will turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Cindy and good afternoon, everyone. Today we’ll review our financial results for the third quarter and discuss our operating highlights, our upcoming product lineup, and our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year.  Take-Two's third quarter results were in line with the guidance that we provided in July. Our top line results were slightly better than our guidance due to higher-than-expected revenue from catalog titles.  Recent reports have confirmed that the U.S. retail environment for interactive entertainment has not significantly changed since our last call. We are continuing to see weak consumer spending, slow adoption of hardware, and caution on the part of retailers with respect to both their initial orders of new releases and inventory management.  Internationally we are seeing similar trends throughout Europe and Asia. Now on a positive note, France and Germany have each reported modest economic growth and they have announced that they are officially out of the recession. European hardware sales have held up reasonably well on the PS3 and Xbox 360 and we have seen a broadening of market demographics through further hardware adoption of the Wii and DS.  In the past month we have experienced increased sales of our catalog titles in France and Germany, which we think bodes well for upcoming triple A releases. Our industry success is driven by hit titles and we believe that several key products from our company and our peers will play an important role in driving the business this holiday season.  In Asia, western titles are gaining share across the region as high quality entertainment products and strong production values are becoming increasingly important to these consumers. China and Korea continue to enjoy exponential year-over-year growth in the online interactive entertainment category and analysts have predicted that the market could exceed $5 billion by 2012. We hope to benefit from the growth of this market through our partnership with Ten Cent to bring NBA 2K online to Asia.  While the overall software market in Japan has declined year over year, there’s been growth in the Xbox 360 and Nintendo DS. We’ve seen our presence expand significantly in the region, driven by our proven brands and strong catalog, including titles such as Grand Theft Auto 4 and Midnight Club Los Angeles. There are many opportunities for Take-Two to capitalize further in this market, including investing in online products and leveraging the strength of our proven intellectual property.  All that said, clearly this has been and continues to be a challenging year for our industry and for our company. We believe that a prudent outlook is appropriate and we are maintaining our guidance for the fiscal year.  Looking forward, we are very excited about our terrific holiday lineup. The holidays historically have been the strongest sales period for our industry and we think that interactive entertainment will continue to be an important category this year. We also believe the retailers and consumers will concentrate on triple A and value-oriented titles, the two key areas of our portfolio and strategy. We are pleased that both Sony and Microsoft have reduced the price of their systems and we hope that will serve as a catalyst for the continued growth of our industry and also help to expand the audience for our titles.  We are confident in our long-term outlook. We have an exceptional pipeline of titles for 2010. We have a strong balance sheet and remain focused on the efficiency of our business and we are both proud and pleased to work with many of the most talented people in our business.  Now I will turn the call over to Ben. 
Benjamin Feder: Thanks, Strauss. Today we reported net revenue for the third quarter was $139 million, a non-GAAP net loss was $50 million, or $0.66 per share This compared to revenue for the 2008 third quarter of $434 million, and non-GAAP net income of $71.5 million, or $0.93 per share. It’s important to note that these results for our third quarter of 2008 reflected significant revenue from Grand Theft Auto 4, which launched at the end of our second quarter last year.  Third quarter sales this year were led by the big two, Grand Theft Auto 4 and Major League Baseball 2K9. Our catalog was once again a strong contributor to our quarterly performance, about 70% of our publishing revenue, and continues to provide predictability and visibility to our business. We ended the third quarter with $175 million in cash.  I would like to recap some of our business highlights for the quarter. We enhanced our balance sheet by completing a $138 million offering of convertible notes. This additional capital will allow us to react quickly to take advantage of opportunities that we may see in the marketplace for studio or IP acquisitions, strategic investments, and other initiatives to grow our business and create shareholder value.  Underscoring our commitment to increasing our presence in Asia, 2K Sports expanded on its successful relationship with the NBA by securing a multi-year license to develop an online basketball simulation game in China, Taiwan, South Korea, and Southeast Asia. 2K Sports in partnering with Ten Cent Holdings Limited, one of China’s largest online videogame operators, to co-develop the online version of our top selling and top rated NBA 2K franchise, and distribute it in China and other key markets.  While we are only in the initial phase of this initiative, we are excited to be partnering with both the NBA and Ten Cent to extend the reach of our cornerstone sports brand.  2K Games released our first offering for the iPhone with Sid Meier’s Civilization Revolution. The game launched on August 10th and quickly became a number one selling game on Apple’s app store. It has since remained among the top 25 selling titles across all applications in most territories. We are very pleased with its initial performance which illustrates the power of our internally owned intellectual property to drive sales on any platform.  Internally owned IP provides us with the added benefit of creating new content at low incremental costs. We look forward to selectively bringing more of our established franchises, as well as new brands, to the Apple platforms, including the fall releases of Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars and Rockstar Games and Timbaland Present [Beat-a-Rater].  We exhibited at Games Con in Germany, which was hailed as the largest videogame trade event in the world with a quarter of a million attendees. We are very proud that Mafia 2 won for best PC game of the show and its developer, 2K Check, also won for best developer. We had thousands of consumers at our booth and received positive feedback from the European media and retailers for our titles, particularly Grand Theft Auto Episodes from Liberty City and Borderlands and [Beat-a-Rater], as well as Bioshock 2, Mafia 2, and Red Dead Redemption.  2K Sports launched the sequel to its popular Major League Baseball arcade franchise, The Bigs 2. 2K Games and Bethesda Softworks partnered to launch a value rich bundle of Bioshock and The Elder Scrolls 4: Oblivion for the Xbox 360 and PC.  Turning to our operations, we recently completed our initiative to outsource entirely our inventory fulfillment services. We now have an agreement with [Cineram] International to handle fulfillment for all of our Canadian business. We expect this initiative to enhance the flexibility and efficiency of our business and offer a high level of service to our customers.  As announced today, we have reached an agreement within principle to settle a previously disclosed consolidated securities class action. The litigation, which dates back to 2006, is related to allegations of the reported hot copy content and historical stock options granting practices. We are pleased to have reached this settlement and put this historical matter behind us.  Moving on to our holiday lineup, we are highly focused on delivering a diverse portfolio, led by two new titles from Rockstar Games, Grand Theft Auto universe. On October 29th, Rockstar Games will launched Grand Theft Auto Episodes from Liberty City, featuring two standalone games on Xbox 360 for $39.99. We think this title is perfectly timed and priced for the holiday season and will be a must-have item for both retail and consumers.  Grand Theft Auto Episodes from Liberty City will include The Ballad of Gay Tony and the Lost and Damned, two unique gaming experiences with the trademark characters and action that can only be found in the world of Grand Theft Auto.  We will also simultaneously release The Ballad of Gay Tony on Xbox Live as a downloadable episode. The Ballad of Gay Tony concludes a story arc that began in Grand Theft Auto IV with the combination of exciting new game play content and new characters. The first trailer launched today and will be supported by a comprehensive marketing campaign that will continue through the launch, positioning Episodes from Liberty City as the brand new Grand Theft Auto experience for this holiday.  Rockstar will also release Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars for the PSP, PlayStation network, iPhone, and iPod Touch. We are proud to introduce this highly rated handheld game on the PSP, a platform on which millions of fans have enjoyed GTA games. The title is planned for release within the October launch window of the PSP Go and we expect to leverage the PR and industry buzz around the hardware introduction.  Award-winning studio Rockstar Leads has expanded and enhanced its critically acclaimed titles to make it the fastest, most explosive portable Grand Theft Auto experience to date. Editions for the PSP iteration of Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars include more visual effects for the wider high definition screen, including more particle effects, dynamic lighting and shadowing, and higher resolution textures, a brand new character with a unique story thread, a variety of non-story missions, including rampages, and six new in-game radio stations featuring over 100 minutes of new music.  Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars is the ultimate distillation of the best experiences and features of a Grand Theft Auto title all rolled into Sony’s powerful portable platform.  2K Games will release Borderlands on October 20th in the U.S. and October 23rd internationally. This title has generated significant pre-launch excitement for both its unique art style and combination of first person and role-playing action. Developed by the talented team at Gear Box, Borderlands is poised to introduce a new game genre to our industry, the role playing shooter, or RPS. Several industry analysts and top gaming press have already picked Borderlands to be the sleeper hit of this holiday season.  Later this month, Rockstar will launch Rockstar Games and Timbaland present Beat-a-Rater for PSP and PlayStation Network. The title will also be available for the iPhone and iPod Touch later this fall.  Building on the demand from consumers for personal music games but with a clear focus on genuine music creation, Beat-a-Rater will feature thousands of loops and sounds created by both Timbaland and Rockstar Games. The title is being developed by Rockstar Leeds, the studio behind Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars, Grand Theft Auto Liberty City, and Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories. Beat-a-Rater will put the power to make professional level music at your fingertips in a format that is portable, accessible, and fun, allowing anyone to create great sounding music.  2K Sports will release NBA 2K10, marking the 10th anniversary of our number one rated and number one selling basketball franchise. We are excited about this year’s game, which allows the critical -- follows the critical and commercial success of NBA 2K9 that has sold over 2 million units worldwide. Leading up to the launch of NBA 2K10, 2K Sports is offering NBA 2K10 Draft Combine, a downloadable experience for X-Box Live and PlayStation Network that allows gamers to create their own custom player, improve their skills through training and drills, and later import this player into NBA 2K10. We think this is an innovative way to use downloadable content to provide a deeper gaming experience leading up to and throughout the launch of the game.  2K Sports will also release NHL 2K10, the latest installment of our hockey franchise. This year’s game will feature new online options and presentations, co-op game play, blog integration on 2Ksports.com, and a create-a-team mode. The Wii version of the game is already garnering strong reviews, scoring 8 out of 10 from Nintendo Power, and for the first time ever, NHL 2K10 will support online play on the Wii as well as take advantage of Wii motion plus and Wii Speak support.  Later this fall, 2K Play will introduce Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus, and a new slate of Nickelodeon titles, based on [Nee Hao Kilon], Backyardigans, and Dora the Explorer.  Looking ahead to next year, we have a strong lineup that includes sequels to some of our most successful franchises, including Bioshock 2, Mafia 2, Max Payne 3, and Red Dead Redemption. We are continuing to evaluate the optimal release window for these titles and still plan to release all four titles in the first half of calendar 2010. At this point, we don’t expect any of these titles to launch within our first fiscal quarter ending January 31, 2010.  We also have other new titles planned for the remainder of 2010 that will be announced in the coming months. This Thursday night, a new exclusive trailer for Bioshock 2 will be appearing on Game Trailers TV with Jeff Keeley on Spike TV that will feature never-before-seen footage of the game’s multi-player action. We think it looks fantastic and will offer a taste of what gamers can look forward to in the next year.  I want to emphasize that Take-Two remains very well-positioned with a strong balance sheet and one of the best portfolios of triple A intellectual property in our industry. Our goals remain the same -- to explore and capitalize on new growth opportunities, continue to diversify our product portfolio, improve our efficiency and consistency in meeting release dates, and set new benchmarks for innovation and creativity.  I would like now to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Ben and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will review our third quarter results and then discuss our outlook for the balance of the year.  Net revenue was $138.6 million in the third quarter compared with $433.8 million a year ago. Last year’s Q2 results included significant sales of Grand Theft Auto 4, which launched at the end of Q2 of last year.  Non-GAAP net loss was $50.4 million, or $0.66 per share, compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $71.5 million or $0.93 per share last year. Our press release provides a complete reconciliation of our non-GAAP to GAAP numbers.  As expected, we had a relatively light new release schedule in Q3. The quarter’s revenue drivers were catalog titles from Grand Theft Auto 4. Other top titles included the Bigs 2 and Major League Baseball 2K9.  Our GAAP results for the third quarter were a net loss of approximately $55 million or $0.72 per share, compared with net income of $52 million or $0.67 per share in the third quarter of 2008.  Our GAAP results this year included $4.6 million in stock-based compensation expense and approximately $400,000 of professional fees and expenses related to unusual legal matters.  In looking at our consolidated results, our non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 17.5% compared to 41% in Q2 of last year, when Grand Theft Auto 4 represented a significant percentage of our revenue.  Our gross margin this quarter was also affected by the following factors: distribution represented a higher percentage of our net revenue than in Q3 of last year, 31% compared to only 12% last year. Sports represented a much higher percentage of our publishing revenue than last year.  We realized accelerated amortization expense related to our Major League Baseball license based on our lower-than-expected sales of MLB titles for this year. We also realized lower average pricing for several of our titles, as well as a significant percentage of revenue from catalog sales.  Excluding our sports and distribution businesses, our split between North America and international revenue was about 50-50.  Non-GAAP operating expenses in the third quarter were approximately $59 million, down significantly from the prior year third quarter and also from Q2 of this year. Sales and marketing expenses accounted for the largest increase of over $17 million, compared to Q3 last year, primarily due to the launch of Grand Theft Auto 4, which had a significant marketing budget.  G&A decreased by $7 million from Q3 2008, driven by lower consulting and professional fees, reduced performance based compensation expense, and our cost-cutting initiatives. A portion of the decrease was also related to foreign exchange effects.  R&D decreased by about $2 million, primarily due to higher capitalization rates, foreign exchange effects also had a positive impact.  Depreciation and amortization decreased by $1.7 million from Q3 2008 due to last year’s sale of certain assets in connection with outsourcing our U.S. distribution services.  Moving on to our balance sheet, at the end of Q3 we had $175 million in cash. Our accounts receivable reserve was about $44 million at the end of the quarter, or approximately 39% of gross receivables, about the same as the third quarter last year.  Inventory at the end of the quarter was approximately $64 million, down significantly from year-end due to seasonality.  Software development costs and licenses have increased in line with the significant development efforts around our triple A holiday and fiscal 2010 releases. We currently have 37 titles in various stages of development.  Now for our outlook, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are updating our fiscal 2009 guidance slightly based on our Q3 actual results and our Q4 forecasts. For the full year, we expect non-GAAP net loss per share in the range of $0.81 to $0.87 on $975 million to $1 billion in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.30 per share and expenses related to unusual legal matters of $0.10 per share.  As we said previously, maintaining our release schedule is critical to achieving our fiscal year numbers. Our results might also be affected by variability in foreign exchange rates, which are difficult to forecast.  Moving on to Q4, we expect non-GAAP net income in the range of $0.30 to $0.35 per diluted share on $350 million to $375 million in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation of $0.08 per share, and expenses related to unusual legal matters of $0.01 per share.  We tightened our Q4 guidance range as we’ve obtained more visibility into Q4.  Since Q4 is forecast to be profitable, diluted EPS will reflect the impact of our stock compensation plans on the convertible offering for the first time since the converts issuance. Based on our current forecast in calculating diluted EPS, U.S. GAAP requires us to assume our notes were converted at the beginning of the quarter, which means $13 million more shares outstanding during the quarter. The calculation will also exclude after-tax interest expense on the convert. This brings our weighted average diluted shares outstanding to approximately $92 million in Q4 for an accounting dilution impact from the convert of approximately $0.03.  As the full fiscal year 2009 guidance is expected to be a loss, the shares underlying the convert are anti-dilutive, so diluted EPS will equal basic for the full year.  Our key releases in Q4 are Rockstar Games and Timbaland Present Beat-a-Rater, Borderlands, Grand Theft Auto Episodes from Liberty City, The Ballad of Gay Tony, Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars, NBA 2K10 and NHL 2K10. Our large Q4 release schedule should result in a revenue mix of about 80% from publishing and 20% from distribution and we expect gross profit margins to increase into the low 30s in that quarter.  We expect overall operating expenses to increase in Q4 as compared to Q2 and Q3, primarily driven by significantly higher sales and marketing expenses to support the launch of our Q4 and holiday season titles.  G&A, R&D, and depreciation and amortization should remain relatively flat in Q4 as compared to Q2 and Q3.  Based on our forecast, we expect to show a few million dollars of tax expense in Q4, primarily reflecting earnings in our international territories.  I will conclude by saying that continue to remain highly focused on pursuing revenue opportunities that leverage our strong catalog of titles, as well as identifying and implementing further areas of cost savings. We are also in the midst of our 2010 budgeting process, which includes firming up our release schedule. We expect to have more to say about 2010 on our year-end call in December.  Now I will turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie, thanks, Ben and we will now take your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Heath Terry with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets: [inaudible] 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, Heath, we didn’t actually hear that question on this end -- would you mind repeating it?
Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets: Sure. I was just saying I was hoping you could give us an idea of what you have seen from your retail partners in recent weeks following the price cuts on hardware. 
Benjamin Feder: You know, we haven’t seen -- we don’t have anything to report today on what we have seen from retail. I think our outlook hasn’t changed with respect to retail. We think they are still being kind of tentative and cautious. I think the effect of the price cut is really too early to tell and I know kind of where, you know, [wondering if we’re off cycle] in terms of our competitors but it’s really -- we don’t really have a lot of data to share in terms of what retail is seeing from the price cuts. It’s really just too early. 
Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the call. Two questions, if I might -- first, since earlier this year announcing that the push-out of a couple of big titles maybe gave you a little more breathing room in the development. With that time, have you done any additional restructuring within the organization to [inaudible] or do you feel like the average you get in the first year [inaudible] you know, have gotten teamwork where you want it to be in terms of scale and structure? And then second question with the increase in games available on things like the iPhone and now PSP Go and maybe DSI Wear and of course Xbox Live, two questions on that. One is where do you think that the size of that direct to consumer digital distribution could go for you over the next one to five years? And then two, is there any comment you can give us on the margin profile of that type of game relative to the box sale? Thanks. 
Benjamin Feder: With respect to the product slippage, when we initially slipped the title, we had indicated that we were taking it seriously and that something had -- you know, in our view something kind of didn’t quite work the way it was supposed to work in terms of our greenlight process and our review process, and given the technical complexities of our product development, it’s not entirely surprising but nonetheless, we took it very seriously and we continue to take it seriously.  We don’t have today kind of -- we don’t have anything to announce today in terms of how our processes will change. We are evaluating this currently. We have looked for outside help in terms of ways to improve our performance and improve our process and we think we are making some progress but this is still a work in progress and we are still trying to -- we are fixing our processes to the extent that they were broken in the first place but somewhere between process and the complexity of our games, some of these delays are expected and some of them should not be expected and we are trying to -- we are still in the process of figuring out what’s what, what’s where.  In terms of the iPhone, Strauss, do you want to handle that?
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah, I think Dan, you asked about the iPhone specifically in digital opportunities more generally speaking and as you know, a bit part of our strategy, a third of our strategy is the notion of innovation and we have outlined -- we outlined it two years ago and we continue to hammer home the notion that ongoing innovation is a big part of what we want to do around here. Mobile platforms in general, the iPhone and iTouch more specifically, are a key part of that. You know, six out of 10 human beings on the earth have mobile devices and they do use them to play interactive entertainment and to enjoy it. It’s been somewhat hard to find -- for the industry, not for us -- to find the right business model to approach that. We are really proud of our intellectual property and I guess 16 franchises that have sold more than a million units, all of which are owned by our company. You know, we think we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the industry. So bringing that to the consumers who don’t have consoles and maybe don’t even have PCs but do have mobile devices is pretty important. Just yesterday we made an announcement about Chinatown Wars being available on the iPhone and iTouch. Beat-a-Rater obviously will be available on Apple platforms and we are going to continue to look to that as an opportunity. It is early days and the price points vary from consoles and handheld dedicated devices and it isn’t clear what the consumer up-tick will be but I think all of us are proud and excited by first of all, we think the quality is just phenomenal -- obviously we think that but that is our strategy, right? Whatever platform we are producing for, the quality should be A-plus and the titles just are phenomenal. We’re really proud of that and we think consumers will see it the same way.  In terms of its economic impact, it’s too early to say.  More broadly on digital, you know, we are a pioneer in downloadable content with the two episodes for Grand Theft Auto 4. At the same time, retail remains our primary channel and so we are making those episodes available without having to buy the original title on a disc this fall for consumers and we are really excited about that. We think it’s a terrific opportunity for consumers.  So it was sort of the best of both worlds -- we were able to lead the way from an innovation point of view by seeing how downloadable content would do. They were critically highly acclaimed, creatively highly acclaimed. I will tell you that the team at Rockstar was utterly engaged creatively with their creation and that’s a big part of what we do around here, is to make sure that our talented people here are working on what they are passionate about, not to the detriment of our economics, in concert with our economics but obviously it’s a win-win if we can work on things that people are passionate about and also create an opportunity for economics for the company and the shareholders and at the same time, pursue our strategy of innovation.  So I think that is a perfect example of trying something digitally, making it available in our biggest channel, which is retail, in a way that benefits everyone and primarily benefits consumers. There are also a lot of other digital opportunities on the horizon, including the on-live system and other competitive systems. Too early to say how they will develop but obviously anything like that is a good thing for us.  Finally, your question on margin for digital, the business will be different. It doesn’t encompass hard goods and it is by definition most likely a more open system than the traditional console business and there is an opportunity for us to drive a higher margin from doing that.  But now we are speculating about what will succeed, what content will work, which systems will work, and what the economic model will be, so I think I will leave it at that. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Excellent. Thanks for the color. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from the line of Mike Hickey with Janco Partners.
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Thanks for taking my questions. Lainie, I think you said you are working through your fiscal 10 budget process now, but some of the key drivers for your fiscal 10 were supposed to come out in fiscal 09, that being Bioshock 2, Max Payne and Red Dead, or Mafia, I guess, not Max Payne. I think that was a fiscal 10 event but do you expect any adjustment to your original sales assumptions from those games now coming out in fiscal ’10 than what you had in fiscal ’09?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, as we are building our fiscal 2010 budget, we are looking at it in a fresh way in terms of what is going on in the market right now, what the competitive landscape looks like, and the timing in which these games are going to be released. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, you mentioned timing -- you said post-January now for the big four. I think before you said first half of calendar year ’10 -- is that time window still consistent or is it open now?
Lainie Goldstein: That timing is consistent. We said the first half of calendar year 2010. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, and then finally for the games that were delayed, can you give us any sort of -- I know this may be sensitive but can you give us any sort of updates on the development of those games? Have the new milestones that have been set, have they been met? And then Strauss, you talk a lot about quality -- do you have any specific targets or ranges for quality on these sets of games?
Strauss Zelnick: Our quality standards haven’t changed. You know, we expect -- most of our games we expect to be top rated games. Some of the genres, some of the sports genres don’t have to be kind of 90s, and they are hard to get 90s in the sports genre but nonetheless, NBA for example, we expect to be extremely high rated and already is the highest rated game.  So we are not -- you know, our standards for quality haven’t changed. In terms of updates and milestones of the games that have been released, so far they are meeting their milestones. We do follow-up on the games, we are checking up on the games. They are meeting their milestones so far and we don’t expect today -- sitting here today we don’t expect any changes from our release schedule. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, thanks, guys. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Good afternoon. A couple of questions for you -- first of call, can you just talk a little bit more about the retailer buying patterns, what you are seeing for kind of an initial order at this stage relative to a year ago and relative to earlier this year? And then as a follow-up on the iPhone, Strauss, can you comment a little bit about what you expect as far as the revenue per game is concerned and what if any cannibalization we might see on the handhelds from moving to the iPhone and the iPod Touch? And then lastly, if you can just give us whatever color you can on the FY2010 releases in terms of which games are coming in the first half of the year or what you have at this point that we can kind of look at and focus on for that time period. 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of your first question, retailer buying patterns, the most I can say is that they are being -- they are still being tentative and cautious. Last time we spoke, the Christmas season was probably a little more crowded, you know, Bioshock was still in there, Splinter Cell was still in there. It’s becoming a little less crowded so I think retailers are a little happier with that. At the same time, they’ve had to move some of their earnings out from this year into next year. But next year is kind of looking a little less seasonal than this year has been looking.  I will also say that retailers tend to be looking at pre-sales kind of more closely than they have in the past -- pre-orders, excuse me -- and we are seeing some of that emphasis on pre-orders but that’s really just symbolic of the caution that they are approaching the market with.  In terms of iPhone revenue per game, I think it’s really hard. We’ve launched one game on iPhone so far. It’s rare that you have both a winner and a learning experience at the same time but we have it with Civilization Evolutions. It was the number one game when we launched. On the one hand, we were very pleased with the performance. On the other hand, we are learning a lot through Civilization Revolutions in terms of price point, in terms of take-up rates and what’s driving sales. So it’s really early to tell. I mean, everybody knows the app store tends to be crowded and going more crowded, not less crowded. And we think that what drives consumers in that kind of a market is brands and franchises. Those are the guide posts that help consumers find what’s quality and what’s worth buying and that’s one of the primary reasons that Civilization Revolution did so well, apart from the quality of the game.  In terms of titles for 2010, we have nothing new to report in terms of update on timing. I think what we have said, the four major titles that we have announced so far in the first half of calendar 2010 but not before January 31, 2010. 
Benjamin Feder: That narrows it down to four months. Just a couple more points on the cannibalization -- sorry, five months -- a couple of more points on the cannibalization issue. You know, we are not porting. These are standalone titles for different platforms and people use their iPhone and their iTouch in different ways than they use their PSP and their DS and people use their PC even in different ways than they use their consoles, so these are -- because we are so focused on quality here, these are not ports. These are standalone titles and they are much more like line extensions leveraging intellectual property and leveraging the franchise than they are a port.  So I think cannibalization for a company like ours with labels like ours who are focused on making sure that every release that we put out is on a standalone basis really high quality, really compelling, means that we can tailor our titles to the particular platform and that is certainly what we are trying to do on iPhone.  Could that change over time if the platforms become more similar? Sure but people have been projecting that for the PC for an awful long time and it really hasn’t happened yet, so I don’t really expect it will happen with a handheld device either. I am also pretty convinced that you use an iPhone for entertainment in a way that’s different than in the way you use a PSP or a DS in terms of how much time you devote and the engagement with the experience, the kind of engagement you actually want and I suspect the iPhone and iTouch calls for a more bite-sized experience than the PSP or the DS.  All that said, I think we’re not as worried about cannibalization and frankly even if we were, we’d rather have a larger market share for our intellectual property across all possible platforms than we would to try to parse what a consumer might possibly want in the highest value platform.  Within the very narrow rubric of doing triple A titles for our owned intellectual property, within that very narrow rubric we try to be very, very broad about what we can offer our consumers because we aim to delight them with the best products in the business. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, I’d add to that -- one of the things that is exciting potentially about the iPhone is the expansion of the markets. You know, Nintendo did a great job expanding the demographic of the market. The core gaming audience is still pretty much just the core gaming audience but what makes the iPhone and iPod Touch particularly exciting is their broad reach to a broad demographic, not just in the way they interact with interactive entertainment but also just their access to interactive entertainment, so the promise of a much greater audience benefits us as it does all publishers. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Just as a quick follow-up to that, how do you see marketing to those things -- how do you see marketing to the iPhone, iPod Touch consumer and how different is that versus traditional marketing? And then secondly, how do you improve the marketing to drive the pre-orders to therefore lead to the retailers increasing the initial orders of your key titles?
Strauss Zelnick: You know, on your second question first, this is -- you know, I think it would be a mistake to think of iPod Touch and iPhone as strictly promotion for a retail sale. They can be used that way but they can also be profitable games in their own right, and so I would be careful about thinking of this as just promotion.  In terms of the marketing to iPhone and iPod Touch, I would say two things -- one is as I said, we’re still learning. We experimented, for example, with price points on iPod Touch -- we were $5, $10, $5 again and we kind of understand a little bit more about consumer behavior and what drives consumer behavior.  The other important thing to mention is that we are spending a lot of time with our marketing group making sure that we have a world class marketing group that understands consumer behavior, that can launch a new product, take the learning, learn from that, kind of propagate that throughout the company so that the next time we launch on the app store, we have better knowledge and we are better at marketing.  So I think it’s really too early to kind of call a business model for the iPod Touch and the iPhone but it’s not too early to be learning and it’s not too early to bring our brands to the market. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from the line of Arvind Bhatia with Sterne Agee & Leach.
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach : Thank you. A couple of questions -- one, you talked about Europe being relatively weak. You mentioned France and Germany, however, were doing better. I wonder if you could talk about the U.K. in particular, given they are not doing too well from your perspective. Are they down just as much as the U.S. in the recent month or so? That’s my first question, and then I have a follow-up. 
Benjamin Feder: You know, the U.K., I would say maybe not -- you know, the thing about France and Germany, just showing kind of what’s known as early green chutes now. I don’t think we’ve seen that out of the U.K., per se. In terms of our own catalog and our own products, certainly for third quarter, seems to be doing okay, seems to be holding up. You know, our sales team there is kind of second to none. We are really proud of their efforts and their relationships with retail partners and so far, knock on wood, things have held up pretty nicely for us there. 
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach : Have you seen any piracy issues there on the DS? I know that’s not a big focus next quarter for you but have you seen any issues on DS piracy?
Benjamin Feder: Without question there are issues on DS piracy. Without going into great detail in numbers, it’s an issue. 
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach : Okay, and one last question -- I don’t know if you can really answer this but I just want to understand your strategy on the announcement of your next GTA franchise. Whenever that is going to be, how long prior to that do you think you will be able to communicate that? And I say that because in the past, it’s varied where you’ve announced it as early as six months to a year before the launch. I just wonder if you can give us some color without giving us exact timing, obviously, as to the strategy you’re thinking is?
Strauss Zelnick: So we’re not going to announce it, we’re not going to announce when we are going to announce it, and we are not going to announce a strategy about announcing it or about when we are going to announce it either, or about the announcement strategy surrounding the announcement of the strategy. 
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach : Okay. Sounds good, sir. 
Strauss Zelnick: Any other questions?
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach : Last question I guess is on the cash flow -- Lainie, can you talk about cash flow for this year that you were modeling based on the EPS guidance?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, we don’t share our cash flow projections but I can tell you that in Q4, we will be using cash as our release schedule is heavily weighted towards the back end of the quarter and we will be collecting the cash on those sales in Q1 of next year. 
Arvind Bhatia - Sterne Agee & Leach : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from the line of Benjamin Schachter with Broadpoint.
Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint: A few questions, but hopefully they are pretty quick -- what does the launch of Project Natal and Sony’s motion sensor mean for Take-Two next year and are you guys already working on titles that are going to utilize those capabilities? And then on the new GTA download, not the packaged goods that is in the stores but the actual download itself, what are the lessons learned from the original [inaudible] in terms of marketing and sales for that? And then also if you could talk about sports, wondering how pre-orders are looking for NBA versus last year.  And then finally one more -- online packaged good retailers like Amazon, could you talk about the trend lines there in terms of how important they are to the business this year versus last year and where you think that goes? Thanks. 
Benjamin Feder: Strauss, why don’t you take the download first and then I’ll -- 
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah, I mean, I think the lesson learned from our point of view is that we are grateful that we took it on. We were passionate about trying it, it’s a good piece of business for us. It was very highly rated and we now have actually another retail opportunity here. Also another opportunity to expand the audience so consumers will be able to consumer Grand Theft Auto 4, another iteration on a standalone basis either online if they have access to online or in a packaged good. So I think the lessons learned, probably the biggest lesson learned is that it is possible to come out with something very high quality that’s a subset of the original title [and a line extension] and I think the second lesson learned is that one of the biggest shifts in the interactive entertainment business is that now like basically every other entertainment business, there are multiple windows available for an individual product and that will probably change everyone’s view of product creation, line extension and line expansion.  So I think the lessons learned have been good ones. 
Benjamin Feder: Yeah, but if I may, Strauss, I think one of the lessons that not just in this download but some other download experiences, it’s clear that retail is the channel for the foreseeable future. Nonetheless, there is a download component to a lot of our games and there will continue to be a download component. The games live online and they live at retail, they live at both and whether that is download first, retail second/retail first, download second or some combination of the two, that’s an area that we are going to experiment with because we are innovating in that area and it’s likely to change from title to title, but everything is going to have a download component, needs to have a download component to it and this is kind of one of the key lessons and we’ll see how -- see how GTA in the retail SKU performs. We are actually pretty optimistic about it and we think it’s terrific value, I mean, for $40, two great GTA games, new content available in retail is an unbelievable value.  And so the downloads help to seed that market and we think will be critically important.  In terms of your other questions, Natal motion sensor, yes, we have dev kits. Yes we are working on them. Obviously can’t comment on games that we haven’t announced but those dev kits are embedded in all of our studios or just about all of our studios and everybody is working with them to try to figure out new ways in which we can innovate and create the kind of content that this company is famous for. So yes, we are working on it.  Sports -- NBA pre-orders, we don’t talk about pre-orders. My expectation is that, and my hope is that NBA will continue to take market share. We think this will -- NBA 2K10 will be a game that we are going to be very, very proud of. We are thrilled by Kobe Bryant not only on the cover but also as a spokesperson. He’s a terrific spokesperson, and not only a great athlete but a great articulator of what the game can be, so we are pleased about that.  Your last question in terms of online packaged goods and trending this year versus last year, it’s a great question. I don’t have the data in front of me but I will tell you that we are seeing, at least in the U.S., a greater concentration at retail, so that the top five retailers are taking more market share and I don’t know that that’s a trend, I don’t know that that’s -- the significance of all that but we are seeing some data that shows that -- again, kind of too early to kind of call a trend but would not surprise me to see further concentration at retail. 
Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint: Great, thanks for answering all of the questions and good luck. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mike Hickey. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Thanks, guys for taking the quick follow-up -- can you just refresh us on the development of [L.A. Noir]?
Benjamin Feder: It’s in development. Nothing to announce today. And when we have more to announce, we will announce it but we’re continuing to develop it. We think it’s pretty exciting and innovative and when we have more to share, we’ll share it. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: And is that still being handled by your Rockstar San Diego Studio?
Benjamin Feder: It’s handled by Rockstar. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. Thank you. 
Benjamin Feder: If there are no more questions, thank you all for joining us today. We really appreciate it and we will be back to you in the next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-03-10 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Cindy Buckwalter - Executive Vice President Strauss Zelnick - Chairman of the Board Benjamin Feder - Chief Executive Officer, Director Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Doug Creutz - Cowen and Company John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets
Operator:  Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive first quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Cindy Buckwalter, Executive Vice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter, you may begin. 
Cindy Buckwalter:  Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today for our first quarter conference call. Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Chairman of Take-Two, Ben Feder, our CEO, and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. Our team will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A discussion following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd first like to quickly review our safe harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.  Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our press release today and our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2008. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.TakeTwoGames.com.  Now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick:  Thanks, Cindy, and good afternoon, everyone. Today we'll review our financial results for the first quarter, discuss operating highlights, our upcoming product lineup and initial guidance for the second quarter. We'll provide our insights into the economy's ongoing challenges and uncertainties and how we remain focused on driving toward continued success. Take-Two's first quarter results were somewhat better than the initial guidance we provided in December. That said, we were not satisfied to report a significant loss. We expect this quarter's loss to represent the low point of our fiscal year and we're maintaining our prudent outlook and previously stated 2009 guidance.  The interactive entertainment industry enjoyed significant growth in 2008 and performed better this holiday season than many other consumer sectors. We still believe, though, that entertainment isn't immune to economic downturns that our industry will be negatively affected in 2009. It's likely the consumers of interactive entertainment will continue to spend cautiously and retailers will also remain challenged in their ability to stock their shelves with the same level of inventory as in previous years.  Our strategy has been to release only a select number of triple-A titles that are internally owned and developed and to enhance our release schedule with a few top quality licensed brands. We're confident that this continues to be the right strategy for our business.  I want to reiterate that we believe we're extremely well positioned in all facets of our business to manage effectively through these challenging times. Now I'll turn the call over to Ben, who'll provide more detail about first quarter results, operations, products and our road map for the balance of the year.
Benjamin Feder:  Thanks, Strauss. Q1 sales were led by the continued success of Grand Theft Auto IV, Carnival Games, NBA 2K9, Midnight Club Los Angeles and various catalog titles. Today we reported net revenue for the quarter of $256.8 million compared with $240.4 million for the first quarter of 2008. Non-GAAP net loss was $39.3 million or $0.52 per share compared to non-GAAP net loss of $30.3 million or $0.41 per share in the first quarter of 2008. And we ended the first quarter with $218 million in cash. Our cash position net of debt was $148 million. Lainie will provide further details about the quarter. I'd like to take a moment to discuss some of our recent business highlights. We released The Lost and Damned, our first downloadable episode for Grand Theft Auto IV exclusively on Xbox LIVE. The episode received critical acclaim from the media and eclipsed first day revenue for all previous downloadable content on Xbox LIVE. With The Lost and Damned we set new benchmarks for innovation and made significant contributions to the evolution of this high margin platform. The digital distribution of such a substantial piece of content is a new opportunity for us, and we're pleased with the profitability of this product and believe that downloadable content will continue to be an important part of our business going forward. Last week 2K Sports launched Major League Baseball 2K9 across multiple platforms, featuring their new cover athlete National League Cy Young award winner Tim Lincecum of the San Francisco Giants. We look forward to the upcoming release of the first downloadable content for Midnight Club Los Angeles for both Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The South Central premium upgrade features a whole new section of Los Angeles, together with new cars, races, music and more to significantly extend the street racing experience.  We're confident in our great lineup and we are keenly focused on delivering the strongest possible performance in these challenging times while continuing to scale our business for profitable growth in the future. We believe we're well positioned to meet consumers' demands for quality and value and we've taken recent actions to strengthen our sales operations and build our presence in emerging markets.  We're maintaining our focus on creating the most innovative triple-A games in the industry today, are committed to nurturing the talent of our 1,500 developers across 15 studios who continue to set new benchmarks in the video game industry. At the same time, we recognize that in this economic environment consumers' decisions are driven by both quality and value. We see the market as being barbell shaped, with triple-A titles at the one end and value products at the other. We're extremely well positioned at both ends.  We have triple-A titles - for this season alone we have BioShock 2, Red Dead Redemption and Mafia 2, which are on the leading edge of technology and game play - and we serve the value and family markets with our catalog titles and the products distributed by Jack Of All Games, as well as our family titles offered by 2K Play.  The current phase of this hardware cycles places greater importance on catalog titles. Take-Two's track record of developing triple-A titles means that over time we're adding strong products to our catalog to generate higher margins, provide incremental visibility to our business, and reduce volatility in our top line. We've been seeing growth in our catalog sales year-over-year, including this most recent quarter, where catalog sales increased over 30%.  We've restructured Jack Of All Games for better efficiencies and margins, as well as make that unit more central to the company's core business. Jack continues to play an important role in our ability to serve the value market. And we're working at the same time to strengthen our sales operations. We've recently changed our reporting lines within our sales group for the Americas to better coordinate the company's sales efforts, leverage expertise, and maximize synergies and efficiencies.  As part of this initiative we've appointed Jordan Katz as Take-Two's new head of sales for the Americas, with responsibility for both Take-Two's frontline software publishing group and Jack Of All Games' U.S. business. Jordan has more than 20 years of sales experience and joins us from Universal Music Group. We're excited to have him join our team. Another important area for long-term growth of our business is emerging markets for our product, especially Asia. We've made more progress in this region and have been aggressively pursuing business development and distribution opportunities that will leverage our existing portfolio as well as capitalize on market-specific initiatives that will appeal to these consumers. Our Asia business increased by nearly 50% in the first quarter compared to last year. While triple-A titles are the foundation for our business, the underlying engines and technologies behind those games make it all come together to create our great IP. Across our development studios we've made significant investments in creating proprietary tools and technologies that allow our teams to create multiple top titles on a cost-effective basis throughout a given hardware cycle. This tends to result in cost savings and reduced development times. An example of this is the Rockstar Advanced Game Engine or RAGE, which greatly enhances our ability to create powerful open world experiences on the current generation of consoles. 2K has also created proprietary game engines for their sports titles, which are increasingly valuable as they have much shorter development cycles to create on their annual releases. Similarly, our 2K Czech studio has used proprietary state-of-the-art game engines and tools to deliver highly immersive game play experiences, including the upcoming Mafia 2. We will continue to leverage these investments in technologies that help us maintain and strengthen our competitive edge in the market. Now moving on to our pipeline for the balance of 2009, Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars will be coming to Nintendo DF next week on March 17th. We're excited about combining the world's largest video game franchise with the world's largest installed base in this generation of hardware.  This fall Rockstar San Diego will release Red Dead Redemption, the sequel to their 2004 hit Western epic, Red Dead Revolver, which sold approximately 1.5 million units. The game will utilize Rockstar's RAGE engine and feature an open world environment for players to explore on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. This is a clear example of how our company can execute and leverage this portfolio of proven brands over time to bring new titles to market with fewer risks. Rockstar is also planning to release Beaterator this summer as well as the second exclusive downloadable episode for Grand Theft Auto IV on Xbox LIVE later this year.  2K will release Borderlands, an exciting new sci fi franchise from acclaimed developer Gearbox. Combining first-person shooter game play, RPG character progression, and an array of weaponry, Borderlands is poised to deliver an incredible entertainment experience.  The anticipation is building for 2K Games' BioShock 2. Our global PR campaign has kicked off the sequel of our smash hit, with the game appearing this month on the cover of nearly 30 video game magazines around the world, including the April issue of Game Informer Magazine hitting the newsstands this month.  2K Czech is hard at work on Mafia 2, the sequel to our 2 million unit selling hit which is due out later this year. The technology that 2K Czech is utilizing to power this title will help deliver a highly immersive game play experience.  2K Sports recently announced The Bigs 2, the highly anticipated sequel to The Bigs. The game will be released this summer. And the teams are also hard at work on NHL 2K10 and NBA 2K10, both due out this fall.  This year we're continuing to grow our family entertainment portfolio with the launch of a slate of new titles from 2K Play. We're excited to be expanding on our successful relationship with Nickelodeon and will release a solid lineup of games based on their top brands, including new titles based on Dora the Explorer and the video game debut of the popular Backyardigans.  At our internal Cat Daddy Studio, the talented team behind our Carnival Games franchise will deliver two exciting new properties that are poised to strengthen our position in the family entertainment category. Carnival Games continues to be a tremendous success and the franchise now has shipped over 4 million units worldwide. We intend to continue to explore and implement cost-saving initiatives that should benefit our company through more efficient and productive operations while continuing to invest in a disciplined way in premium interactive experiences. We have the ability to run our business efficiently without sacrificing our renowned standards for excellence.  We recognize the challenge that every company faces today and we will remain steadfast in our determination to deliver value and quality by being the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the interactive entertainment industry. Thank you. I'd like now to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein:  Thanks, Ben, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll review our first quarter results and then discuss our outlook for Q2 and fiscal 2009.  Net revenue was $256.8 million in the first quarter compared with $240.4 million a year ago. Non-GAAP net loss is $39.3 million compared to non-GAAP net loss of $30.3 million last year, the non-GAAP loss per share of $0.52 compared to non-GAAP loss per share of $0.41 last year. Our press release provides a complete reconciliation of our non-GAAP to GAAP numbers.  We are pleased that this is the seventh quarter in a row that we have met or exceeded our guidance. The quarter's revenue drivers were Grand Theft Auto 4, Carnival Games, NBA 2K9 and Midnight Club Los Angeles.  There were several factors that led to our results exceeding guidance. A variety of our titles performed better than expected. Our catalog business is also very strong, representing approximately 45% of our publishing revenue in the quarter. Our catalog sales include some of the bestselling titles on the prior generation platform as well as current end software. Our distribution revenue also exceeded our expectation, although it was down compared to last year as we had forecast on our last earnings call.  On the expense side, our marketing spend was a bit lower than we had forecast, primarily due to the timing of some advertising campaigns, and we also realized a foreign exchange gain of nearly $4 million which flowed through the interest and other income line. Our GAAP results for the first quarter were a net loss of approximately $50 million or $0.56 per share compared with a net loss of $38 million or $0.52 per share in the first quarter of 2008. Our GAAP results this year included $6.2 million in stock-based compensation expense and a total of $4.9 million of professional fees and expenses related to unusual legal matters.  In looking at our consolidated results, our non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 22%, about flat with last year. While we had a more favorable publishing mix compared to last year, our gross margins this quarter were affected by higher internal royalty expense and price protection.  Excluding our sports and distribution businesses, our split between North America and international revenue was about 50/50 compared to 65% to 35% last year. In fact, our international publishing business excluding Sports grew over 90% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the first quarter were approximately $97 million, which is up from last year's first quarter primarily due to the following reasons: Sales and marketing expenses accounted for the largest increase, with a majority due to marketing for Midnight Club Los Angeles and Grand Theft Auto 4.  R&D expenses increased with a continued investment in our development studios, including the three studios we opened or acquired last year, and an increase in production expenses.  Our interest and other line includes the $4 million foreign exchange gain I mentioned earlier offset by interest expense related to the drawdown on our credit facility.  Our tax expense is a quarterly estimate based on our projected expense for the year which primarily reflects earnings in our international territory.  Moving on to our balance sheet, at the end of Q1 we had $218 million in cash, including $70 million from borrowings on our credit line. Cash was used in the quarter primarily for inventory purchases, product manufacturing costs, internal royalties, incentive compensation and advertising during the holiday season.  Our accounts receivable reserve was about $63 million at the end of the quarter, which represented approximately 51% of gross receivables. The reserve percentage is higher than historical levels primarily due to increased levels of price protection and bad debt reserves required in the current economic environment.  Inventory at the end of the quarter was approximately $76 million, down slightly from this time last year. This is a direct result of our focus on reducing the number of SKUs and inventory level at Jack Of All Games to maximize margins in the business. Software development costs and licenses were down year-over-year. We amortized a significant amount of software development costs during 2008 as a result of our [Q] releases and have also capitalized costs related to our upcoming releases. We currently have 29 titles in various stages of development. Now to our outlook. We are reiterating the fiscal 2009 guidance that we provided during our Q4 call in December which reflected a challenging economic condition and our heavily backend-loaded year. While we exceeded our first quarter guidance, we maintained our full year estimates due to the continued uncertainty in the economy, a reduction in unit projections for some of our titles, as well as some movements in our lease schedule. As we said in our last earnings call, maintaining our release schedule is critical to achieving our fiscal year numbers. Our results may also be affected by variability in foreign exchange rates, which have been very volatile in the past several months. For the full year we expect non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of breakeven to $0.20, $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.25 per share and expenses related to unusual legal matters of $0.10 per share. As outlined in our press release, this also excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.10 per share related to the potential issuance of approximately 2.8 million shares to certain employees of Rockstar Games that is subject to the approval of our 2009 stock incentive plan at our annual stockholder meeting in late April. We provided the key assumptions underlying our fiscal 2009 guidance on our last conference call. Those assumptions are still valid today, with just a few exceptions. We now expect our overall revenue mix to be about 75% from publishing and 25% from distribution. The mix of our publishing business will vary slightly from what we previously forecasted. We now anticipate about 40% from Rockstar and 60% from 2K. The 60% from 2K breaks down as follows: 25% from 2K Sports, 25% from 2K Games, and 10% from 2K Play.  We now expect our tax expense to be approximately $11 million in 2009 based on the mix of our business. Our estimates reflect tax expense primarily attributable to the geographical mix of our business.  We are also issuing initial guidance today for the second quarter, which is provided on a nonGAAP basis. We expect a non-GAAP loss per share in the range of $0.10 to $0.20 on $200 to $220 million in revenue. This excludes share-based compensation expense of $0.07 per share and expenses related to unusual legal matters of $0.01 per share.  Let me provide some additional data points in our Q2 outlook. We expect our revenue mix to be about 75% from publishing and 25% from distribution. We have several new releases in Q2. We have released The Lost and Damned, the first episode for Grand Theft Auto 4 on Xbox 360, and Major League Baseball 2K9 on multiple platforms. We'll be releasing downloadable content from Midnight Club Los Angeles on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 shortly. Next week we launch Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars on DS, and at the end of the month we have Don King Boxing for Wii and DS. The remainder of our Q2 business is expected to come from catalog sales of our second quarter of releases.  We expect gross profit margins in the mid 30s in Q2, reflecting a significant improvement from our gross margin of 22% in Q1. There are several different factors affecting gross margin. We will recognize deferred revenue in the quarter related to The Lost and the Damned episode. The new Rockstar royalty plan also went into effect beginning in Q2, which is a profit sharing arrangement. Based on our forecast, this should result in higher margins in the second quarter. Partially offsetting these factors, we expect to have a relatively high contribution of distribution revenue in the Sports business in the quarter.  We expect overall operating expenses to trend down fairly significantly in Q2 as compared to Q1. Sales and marketing expenses should be down about 10% in absolute dollars based on a smaller number of releases. We expect several million dollars of G&A reductions as a result of our cost-cutting initiatives and the positive impact from foreign exchange rates on our international costs. R&D expenses are also expected to decrease by several million dollars in Q2. Depreciation and amortization should remain about flat. We expect to show a provision for taxes in Q2 primarily related to our international business.  Looking to the rest of the year, we're focused on continuing to drive costs out of our business while delivering our strong lineup of titles planned for the fall.  Now I'll turn the call back to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie. I'd like to close by reiterating that we're committed to offering the best home for top creative talent, setting new benchmarks with triple-A products, making strategic investments for growth, prudently managing our business and maintaining our sound financial position. We'll now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Doug Creutz - Cowen and Company.
Doug Creutz - Cowen and Company:  I was wondering if you could maybe comment on where the preorders for GTA Chinatown Wars are? How do they compare maybe to the PSP GTAs that you released in the last several years? 
Benjamin Feder: Doug, we don't generally release preorder information. The company itself doesn't have a ton - or Rockstar, say, doesn't have a ton of experience on the DS platform in terms of how it's performed against other titles. I will say that I personally have high hopes for the title. I think it's going to do well, but I don't want to get in front of the release.  But we tend not to give out information on preorders. Sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation:  I've got a couple of questions, some of them related to GTA. I wonder, Lainie, could you tell us what percentage of published revenue came from GTA in the quarter?
Lainie Goldstein: For GTA 4 and the entire catalog of GTA, for the whole franchise we had about $60 million in sales for the quarter, which was about 40% of publishing sales.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: And I ask you this every time but now that it's coming up here let me try it again. So when you book the revenue from the downloadable version of The Lost and Damned, can you give us a sense of what the P&L looks like? Is there a contribution margin past a certain amount or how can we think about the operating leverage potential of that? 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, as we've mentioned before, JT, we can't go into too many specifics due to the confidentiality of the agreement, but we can tell you generally that we'll be recognizing some deferred revenue and it will be paired with some capitalized software amortization and some associated marketing expenses. And the title will also be subject to the new Rockstar royalty plan and any revenue we recognize from Microsoft will be net of any of their royalties.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: And then you mentioned that the reception was good relative to other downloadable content. I wonder if you could tell us how many downloads there have actually been?
Benjamin Feder: We're not announcing that any more than we announce for specific products. We only announce retrospectively very selectively the number of units sold. It was, however, announced by Microsoft to be the biggest first day of downloadable content. It got terrific critical acclaim. Obviously, it's continuing to sell. As Lainie mentioned, it's a profitable title and we're thrilled not just because it's a terrific piece of interactive product. We're also thrilled because I think it signals the beginning of the next phase in our industry. And for a company that focuses on tripleA titles, the notion that we'll put out an initial release and have an opportunity selectively and in a high quality way to follow that up with downloadable content is something that we said we wanted to do and something we said we would do. You know, JT, one of the key elements of our strategy is to be the most innovative company in the business and we've talked a lot about that, and this is an innovation and it's being led, as it should, by Rockstar, a label that's known for innovation and quality.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: And then in terms of the Rockstar, all the human resources you have deployed on JTA, I wonder if you could give us any sense as to how many of those folks are working on Episode 2, how many of those folks are working on the next major iteration of GTA 4 - let's call it GTA 5 or whatever you guys are going to call it - and the number of folks working on new platforms like DS or other things maybe.
Benjamin Feder: We don't give out that kind of detail in terms of where our resources are being placed. I will tell you that Rockstar's obviously working on an array of upcoming titled - Red Dead Redemption, episodic content for Midnight Club Los Angeles, Beaterator, which is coming out - there are a lot of terrific titles coming out, so stayed tuned. But we do not parse that by individual folks on particular titles.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: What's driving Asia? That number was up so much. Anything in particular?
Benjamin Feder: Asia was an effort that we embarked on almost immediately after we got here. I continue to believe that emerging markets generally are probably the first to come out of this economic malaise. I think Asia in particular was an area that I felt like was a hole in our distribution footprint.  We went ahead and hired Hubert Larenaudie, a Frenchman who comes to us from EA. He's done a terrific job extending our relationships in Asia, working our catalog, working our front line releases. GTA 4 for the PC in this particular quarter helped drive some of those revenues, but I think he built a terrific team out there and I expect great things out of Asia in the future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research:  First on the subject of downloadable content, can you give us a little bit of color how you see that going forward, whether that's an update to packaged media software or is that a stand-alone software release venue for you? And then secondly, looking across your pipeline for the year I see some holes in your kind of front-line titles whether they are or not on the Wii which is, you know, more than half of the home console market today. It gets categorized as being a family friendly market and you're well represented there, but it is over half the market. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on developing for the Wii?
Strauss Zelnick: On your question about downloadable content, right now the structure of the business is we put out a packaged good and we're following it up with downloadable content. And I think your question is: Is that the nature of the business going forward or might front-line product be distributed that way as well? And I think the answer is one step at a time. There are bandwidth issues; there are technical limitations. There are also business model limitations. That said, I'm sure over time some frontline product will be distributed entirely electronically, but from the point of view of a producer and distributor, which is our point of view, in a way it's irrelevant. Our goal is to make the best quality interactive entertainment that we can. We'll continue to do that with hardware companies. I don't see that changing. We're thrilled that we support Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo - we love all our children equally - and we have terrific relationships across the board. So I don't see the console business changing. I don't see us entering an open format world anytime soon. The video game business has been around a long time and there's a reason for the specific technology that the business is tied to. I do think that the notion of electronic distribution is important. It's good for the business. It's good for everyone engaged in the business, and I do think we'll continue to pursue it. That said, from our own point of view, how products are distributed is somewhat less relevant than the quality of the products themselves. That's our big focus.
Benjamin Feder: Strauss, I got quoted a little bit in the [press's quarter] about the issues about [inaudible] games and downloadable content and all that stuff and, you know, I should say that while the issue is real for the industry and is shared with our peers, we value our retail partners, we think they're terrific partners for us, and there's a balance between both in the economics and in the content about what gets sold at retail and what gets available on download. And I see that balance, you know, it could - there'll be ebbs and flows, but it'll be a balance as opposed to one or the other for at least a long period of time.  And I can't call where it's going to go ultimately, but I see it as a balance more than anything and I agree with Strauss that our console partners will continue to be our console partners for a long time to come. With respect to the release schedule, you may characterize as holes. I don't quite see it the same way. 2K Sports for a long time has been developing on the Wii and we continue to develop for the Wii. We have Don King Boxing coming out for the Wii. Cat Daddy has two unannounced [huddles] on the Wii. I think those will be terrifically helpful. I think it's important when we talk about Chinatown Wars also to remember that this is really the first game on the Nintendo platform that Rockstar's developing it for. There aren't a lot of Mrated titles on Nintendo platforms, certainly not the DS, and this is going to be - we're going to watch this very carefully to see the opportunity. I do believe that there is an opportunity for Mrated titles on Nintendo DS and on the Wii, and I believe that we are the right company to be delivering that content, so I watch that carefully. So I don't think there's a hole. I think across the board we've got an interest and we have an ability to deliver on the Wii. As I've said before, we value our relationship with Nintendo very, very greatly and we intend to continue that relationship.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets:  First of all, going back to JT's line of questioning, can you give us an idea as to this 13 million GTA 4 units, how many of those are Xbox 360 platform? So what's the addressable market for the downloadable The Lost and Damned.
Lainie Goldstein: It's approximately 50/50, Ed.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: And what about a geographic breakdown, U.S. versus international?
Lainie Goldstein: It's about 50/50 there as well.
Benjamin Feder: 50/50 generally.
Lainie Goldstein: 50/50 over both, right.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: So 50/50 platform, 50/50 geographic. And what about the economics of Midnight Club downloadable content versus GTA downloadable content, is there any material difference there? 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, the GTA downloadable content was subject to our Microsoft agreement that we haven't discussed specifics on, but the Midnight Club downloadable content is a separate arrangement. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Separately, can you give us an idea - you mentioned some comments, Lainie, during your prepared remarks about movements to the release schedule. Can you give us any color as to what was moving around?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, there's some titles that were not previously announced, so we're not going to talk about those in detail. And then there's other products that may have been earlier in the year that may have moved towards later in the year. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: So it's some unannounced products moving out of the fiscal year?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: And then other products just moving later in the fiscal year, again unannounced?
Lainie Goldstein: Correct. Yes.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: And then can you give us an idea as to what your headcount was like in the studios within Rockstar and 2K as of now or as of the quarter end?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, the total development studio personnel is 1,500 approximately at the end of the year, but we don't break that down by label.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: And what is your expectation for that headcount by the end of the current fiscal year?
Lainie Goldstein: We also don't provide that level of detail, but we are focused on growing our development capabilities throughout all of our studies.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: And then just a last quick question for you is can you give us an idea where on the revenue side there was an upside relative to your own expectations for the January quarter, however specific you can be?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, NBA did fantastically well during the quarter. We also had some - GTA 4 and Midnight Club did better than we had expected. And also Carnival Games is a game that just continues and continues to surprise us and do fantastically in the market. And also I mentioned in my prepared remarks the catalog just was extremely strong during the quarter.
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: And then the last question I have is: Is there any particular takeaways - I'm not sure, Ben, this maybe addressed more to you - but any particular takeaways coming out of Destination PlayStation that you heard, not necessarily from Sony but just from the retail channel in general, that you think are relevant at this time as we kind of look at how the industry's performing.
Benjamin Feder: Well, if I can brag for a second I will tell you that the universal feedback that we got is that we were one of the most [inaudible], had one of the most exciting presentations of any of the publishers out there, so we'll see. We hate to do that on a call, but I can't help myself. So I'm very pleased at the reception we got at Destination PlayStation. And in terms of industry response, I think we said in the prepared remarks this is an environment where we see consumers exhibiting either a flight to quality and/or a flight to value, and we see that as well. And the value can get confused with casual and family orientation, but I do think that at the right price those titles sell as well. That was validated at Destination PlayStation. And as I said, I think Take-Two is perfectly positioned in that regard. We've got great frontline product and Jack Of All Games to deliver values to an array of channels that don't necessarily show up at Destination PlayStation, but are certainly there in numbers as well. So that was reconfirmed. It confirms what we had suspected, in any event, kind of flight to quality and flight to value.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets.
Heath Terry:  I'd appreciate it if you could give us kind of an update on the baseball business and maybe just the Sports business in general, if you're seeing any more with the initial few weeks of the baseball game being out there now, if you can kind of give us an idea of how that's performing relative to expectations and whether or not the economy may be having a bigger impact on your Sports business or less impact on your Sports business relative to the overall market?
FBR Capital Markets:  I'd appreciate it if you could give us kind of an update on the baseball business and maybe just the Sports business in general, if you're seeing any more with the initial few weeks of the baseball game being out there now, if you can kind of give us an idea of how that's performing relative to expectations and whether or not the economy may be having a bigger impact on your Sports business or less impact on your Sports business relative to the overall market?
Benjamin Feder: The Sports business generally, I'd say, it's hard to tell. NBA 2K9 has done terrifically well. It's a word we use eternally. It's on fire. It's just been a fantastic success for us. We're really, really pleased with it. We're pleased with the guys at VC and the guys at 2K Sports. They've done a terrific job with it. And it's too early to tell. I know some of you have seen kind of reviews. I think it's too early to tell A) on those reviews, and B) the way those reviews are skewed, one or two reviews kind of skew it down. If you kind of lop off the bottom and, in fairness, lop off the top, it actually looks a lot better than you would see just on the headline number from Metacritic. So we're watching the market carefully. It's also important to remember that this year we have more SKUs coming out in baseball than [inaudible] with The Bigs coming out. So there's a lot going on in the baseball season in general, so I think it's way too early to call, but we're watching it very, very carefully. I think the guys at VC have done a very good job given the time constraints that they were under, so we have full faith in the team at VC to create the best baseball game available. 
Heath Terry: And just, I guess, kind of a housekeeping thing. How many more years are left on your current major league baseball relationship?
FBR Capital Markets: And just, I guess, kind of a housekeeping thing. How many more years are left on your current major league baseball relationship?
Benjamin Feder: About three years - 2012.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Strauss Zelnick for closing comments.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, all, for joining us. We feel pleased about the results we're reporting today. We are taking, as we've said, a prudent outlook for the rest of the year and we're cautiously optimistic about how that's unfolding based on the current results. And of course it's always nice to get on the phone on a day when the market's up as much as it is, so thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-12-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Cindy Buckwalter - Executive Vice President Strauss Zelnick - Chairman of the Board Benjamin Feder - Chief Executive Officer, Director Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Eric Handler - Barclay’s Capital Mike Hickey - Janco Partners Benjamin Schachter - UBS Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray John Taylor - Arcadia Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets Leo Choi - Pacific Growth Equities  Tom Andrews - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 results. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindy Buckwalter, Executive Vice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter. You may begin. 
Cindy Buckwalter: Thank you. Welcome and thank you all for joining us today for our fourth quarter conference call. Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Chairman of Take-Two; Ben Feder, our CEO; and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. Our team will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.  Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our press release today and our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2007 and our 10-Q for the interim quarters of fiscal 2008. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.taketwogames.com.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Cindy. Good afternoon, everyone. Today we’ll review our financial results for the fourth quarter and we’ll discuss our strategic roadmap, our product lineup, and initial guidance for the coming year. We’ll provide our insights on the economic environment and explain our belief that we’ll well-positioned in these clearly uncertain and challenging times.  I am pleased to announced that Take-Two once again achieved its guidance for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered the strongest revenue and earnings in the company’s history. Our record fiscal 2008 results were driven by the phenomenal success of GTA 4 from Rockstar Games. Other top titles for us this year were Midnight Club Los Angeles, NBA 2K9, Carnival Games, Grand Theft Auto catalog titles, and Sid Meier’s Civilization Revolution.  These strong results reflected the actions we began taking in early 2007 to transform our business. Our initiatives included a sharper and more disciplined focus on building our portfolio of world-class titles, the divestiture or revitalization of non-core businesses, and continued emphasis on becoming more efficient and more cost-effective.  I would really like to highlight today’s announcement that we have entered into new long-term agreements with Rockstar Games’ Sam Hauser, Dan Hauser, and Leslie Benzies, as well as several key additional members of the creative team behind our largest selling franchise, Grand Theft Auto. We are thrilled to begin this new chapter in our successful relationship with Rockstar. This team has been instrumental in the development and success of many of our multi-million unit internally owned franchises. In addition to Grand Theft Auto, they include Midnight Club, Bully, Max Payne, Red Dead Revolver, and Manhunt. Rockstar's talent and creativity are unparalleled in our industry.  We’ve established a new incentive compensation program for the Rockstar Games label that is primarily based on a profit-sharing structure across the entire organization. And we’ve instituted a broad-based long-term equity compensation program as well, including a restricted stock that vests over the term of the agreement. We believe this new partnership meaningfully aligns the interest of our creative teams with those of our stockholders.  Now I would like to offer our perspective on the holiday season and beyond. We’ve always said that entertainment isn't immune to economic downturns and these times are certainly both volatile and challenging. I would describe the prevailing trends for our industry as mixed.  Now, the good news is that videogames continue to be highly sought after gifts this season. Triple A products remain high on consumer’s wish lists and many people believe that these games provide greater entertainment value than other forms of entertainment.  While we’ve seen some holiday promotional pricing, our belief is that Triple A product pricing will largely continue to hold through the holidays and beyond, and many retailers have reported stronger sales for interactive entertainment products in contrast to other categories.  That said, it’s important to remember that consumers of interactive entertainment are as much affected by the economy as our other shoppers, and while Walmart and other discounters have remained relatively strong, the bankruptcy filings of Circuit City in the U.S. and Woolworth’s in the U.K. have contributed to an uncertain atmosphere. In short, broad softness at retail has and probably will continue to have an impact on our industry.  This softness has affected many of our peers and we too are experiencing lower-than-expected overall holiday sales. The outlook for the economy is vastly different today than anyone might have expected this past summer, or even as recently as 45 days ago. So we’ve taken a harder look at our forecast for the next 12 months and we’ve significantly reduced our expectations. As I’ve said before, we see it as our obligation to operate the company profitably on a non-GAAP basis even in a year without a major new GTA release. The initial guidance we are providing today reflects that. Lainie will provide further details on the first quarter and discuss our guidance for fiscal 2009.  Taking all these factors into account, we’ve adopted what we believe is a prudent outlook for this fiscal year. It’s important to be clear that we believe we are extremely well-positioned in all facets of our business to navigate these challenging times and we will continue to aspire to be at the forefront of our industry.  Now I will turn the call over to Ben who will provide more detail about our fourth quarter results, our operations, products, and our strategic roadmap for the coming year. 
Benjamin Feder: Thanks, Strauss. I am pleased to announce that we have an extraordinary performance in fiscal 2008. For the year, we recorded record results, $1.5 billion in revenue with non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.08. We ended the year with $280 million in cash and our cash net of debt was $210 million.  Our fourth quarter results were in line with our guidance. Sales were led by Midnight Club Los Angeles, NBA 2K9, Grand Theft Auto 4, and Carnival Games. Net revenue for the quarter was $323.4 million, compared with $292.6 million for Q4 last year. Earnings on a non-GAAP basis were $0.02 per share, compared with $0.05 per share for the same quarter a year ago. Our Q4 results were negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates, which Lainie will discuss later in the call.  Looking to Q1, we are only about halfway through the quarter but our results will be affected by the challenging retail environment and a slower-than-expected start for Midnight Club Los Angeles. We still believe that Midnight Club Los Angeles will perform well over time as the prior Midnight Club titles have historically enjoyed a long tail in the market. And while Grand Theft Auto 4 has done phenomenally well and exceeded our expectations this year, it’s strongest sales came earlier in the year than we had expected. Additionally, the first downloadable episode for GTA 4 and Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars are now scheduled for release in Q2. Lainie will provide further details about the quarter.  We are operating today in an environment of great uncertainty. We are keenly focused on a number of actions that will position the company to deliver the strongest possible performance in these challenging times, while continuing to scale our business for profitable growth in the future.  Beyond the purely economic factors, success in our industry is driven by hit products and our creativity and owned IP drives Take-Two. We are maintaining our focus on creating the most innovative triple A games in the industry today and are committed to nurturing the talent of our 1,500 developers across 15 studios who continue to set new benchmarks in videogames.  You can see our commitment to excellence in the ratings. From the calendar year through November 2008, the average metacritic rating for our product was 80%. That’s higher than any other third party publisher.  In keeping with our strategy of releasing a select number of top tier games, many of which are internally owned and developed, we are very pleased with our solid roster of high quality titles in the pipeline for 2009. The first downloadable episode for GTA 4 for Xbox Live, Grand Theft Auto 4 The Lost and the Damned, will be available on February 17th. The trailer had its debut at the Spike TV videogame awards last Sunday. It looks fantastic and delivers an incredible and entirely new experience in Liberty City.  I would like to take a moment to pause and congratulate the entire Grand Theft Auto 4 team for winning Spike TV’s 2008 videogame of the year award this last Sunday. Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars will be coming to Nintendo DS on March 17th, marking the first time that the world’s largest videogame franchise will meet the current gen’s largest installed base.  Rockstar will offer a South Central upgrade map and content pack, its first downloadable content for Midnight Club Los Angeles in early 2009 for both Xbox 360 and PS3.  Rockstar is scheduled to release Speed Raider in mid-2009 and Rockstar has one triple A title currently under development planned for the release in fiscal 2009.  2K will release Borderlands, an exciting new sci-fi franchise from acclaimed developer Gear Box, combining first person shooter game play, RPG character progression, and an array of weaponry, Borderlands is poised to deliver an incredible videogame experience.  2K Games will release Bioshock 2. The original Bioshock won last year’s Spike TV Game of the Year Award and is the second-highest rated title on Xbox 360 and the second-highest rated third-party title on the PS3, according to metacritic.  Mafia 2, the sequel to our 2 million unit selling hit, is due out from 2K next year. The new Mafia 2 trailer had its worldwide premiere during last Sunday’s Spike TV videogame awards and once again the team has done an exceptional job in capturing all the nuances of this genre.  Our 2K sports franchises are the quality leaders. NBA 2K9 is the top rated and top-selling basketball game in this console’s cycle, continuing a track record that has made the NBA 2K franchise the top-ranked NBA title for the past eight years. We remain confident that we can build on this solid platform of quality titles to achieve scale in our sports business. This year from 2K sports, we’ll release MLB Front Office Manager, Major League Baseball 2K9, NHL 2K10, and NBA 2K10. And this year’s lineup will include additional titles from Major League Baseball.  We will grow our family entertainment portfolio with the launch of seven new titles from 2K Play. We are excited to be expanding on our successful relationship with Nickelodeon by releasing a new slate of products, including the new Dora the Explorer titles and two soon-to-be-announced properties. And our Cat Daddy Studios, the talent behind our Carnival Games franchise, will deliver two exciting new properties that are poised to strengthen our position in the family entertainment category. Carnival Games has been a tremendous success, having sold over 3 million units, and the brand continues to experience strong sales.  One change to note in our 2009 pipeline as a result of Atari’s recent acquisition of Cryptic Studios, we no longer intend to publish the MMO game Champions Online.  I would like now to discuss several measures we are taking in response to the present economic challenges. While we’ve benefited for the significant cost savings initiatives that we began to implement in 2007, we are continuing to look at the company’s expense structure. Although we don’t anticipate the need for any additional dramatic cost initiatives, given that we’ve already taken substantial costs out of the business, we continue to explore areas where we could derive additional benefits. That said, we are continuing to invest in the growth of our creative resources. While other publishers are closing studios, we view this as an opportunity to acquire strong talent and are selectively hiring additionally highly talented developers.  We’ve taken steps to maintain our access to the credit market, given the current constraints on credit worldwide. Shortly after our management team joined Take-Two last year, we obtained a credit facility that would provide us with additional flexibility in running our business as needed. Given the current market conditions, we were fortunate to have our facility already in place and available to us. As a matter of prudence, as of October 31st, we drew down $70 million on this facility to fund our working capital needs for this holiday season and beyond.  Our lending group has been incredibly supportive. We very much appreciate their confidence in our team and our business.  We are continuing to focus on many opportunities on the horizon on which we can capitalize to broaden our offering and diversify our revenues. We believe that downloadable content is a significant opportunity in the near-term. We are excited about the creative opportunity and profit potential of this new distribution channel. We are innovating with episodes for Grand Theft Auto 4 and we are looking across our entire portfolio to see where else this makes sense for our brands.  Network game play is another important means of maximizing the value of our strong intellectual property. It also helps address some of the concerns that we have with respect to sales of used products.  There is the potential for micro transactions and subscriptions to enhance the packaged goods business by offering multiple revenue channels as other media companies have successfully done, and we are seeing emerging opportunities with the iPhone.  We believe we will continue to benefit from the growing installed base of the Nintendo Wii. Our relationship with Nintendo has never been stronger and the success of Carnival Games franchise gives us a great foundation upon which to build.  Our strategy of selectively developing triple A titles extends to our approach to our family entertainment portfolio. We will continue to focus on developing a limited number of titles that have high potential for success. Carnival Games is a perfect example of that strategy, yielding incredible results.  We are expanding our presence in emerging markets. These could well be the first economies to recover from a worldwide recession. We opened an office in Asia earlier this year and believe that we are now in a much stronger position to capitalize on the opportunity. Our world-renowned content will help drive our expansion into that region. Operating in Asia will be particularly important as we explore opportunities in micro-transactions and subscriptions.  We will further leverage our strong catalog business, which can generate up to 30% of our revenue. One of the benefits of having Triple A products is that over time, they become valuable drivers of our catalog. If as some believe this current console cycle lasts longer than originally expected, our catalog could be much more valuable over time.  Lastly, there are opportunities to extend our franchises into traditional media, including TV, film, and music.  To summarize, while we recognize the potential economic challenges that our industry and company face, we remain steadfast in our determination to deliver value by being the most innovative, most creative, and the most efficient company in the interactive entertainment industry. We have a strategic roadmap that we believe will build upon our success. We will continue to transform this company and expand our global leadership, including creating original IP and triple A games, offering the best home for and partner to the top creative talent, and setting new benchmarks for quality and innovation, deriving ongoing benefits from our completed revitalization plan and maximizing our cost savings and efficiencies going forward, prudently expanding our international presence in emerging markets, especially Asia, increasing the scale of our business through opportunistic but selective M&A, and exploiting new revenue and growth opportunities, including leveraging our catalog.  With that, I thank you and I would like to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Ben and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will review our fourth quarter results and then discuss our outlook for Q1 and fiscal 2009. Net revenue was $323 million in the fourth quarter, compared with $293 million a year ago. Non-GAAP net income was $1.6 million, compared to non-GAAP net income of $3.4 million last year. The non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.02 compared to non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.05 last year. Our press release provides a complete reconciliation of our non-GAAP to GAAP numbers.  Affecting our Q4 results was approximately a $7.7 million negative impact to net income, or $0.10 per share, for foreign exchange rates as compared to our guidance. We are pleased to report that this is the sixth quarter in a row that we have met or exceeded our guidance. This quarter’s results were led by Midnight Club Los Angeles, NBA 2K9, Grand Theft Auto 4, and Carnival Games. Jack of all Games business also grew year over year, primarily driven by strong current generation hardware sales and demand for Wii products.  Our GAAP results for the fourth quarter were a net loss of approximately $50 million or $0.20 per share, compared with a net loss of $7 million or $0.10 per share in the fourth quarter of 2007. Our GAAP results included $9.3 million in stock-based compensation expense and a total of $7.2 million of professional fees and expenses related to unusual legal matters, as well as business reorganization costs. In looking at our consolidated results, our non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 31%, flat with last year. Our Q4 revenue mix was also comparable to last year, with publishing at 75% of total revenue.  Our split between North America and international revenue was 65% to 35% in Q4, compared to 74% to 26% in Q4 of last year. Excluding our sports and distribution businesses, our North America/international revenue split for the quarter was about 45% to 55% compared to 60% to 40% last year. This is consistent with our strategy to grow our international business.  Non-GAAP operating expenses in the fourth quarter were approximately $99 million, up from last year’s fourth quarter for the following reasons: sales and marketing expenses accounted for the largest increase, primarily due to advertising for Midnight Club Los Angeles and Grand Theft Auto 4. R&D expenses increased with a continued investment in our development studios, including the three additional studios we’ve opened or acquired this year, 2K Tech, 2K Marin, and Rockstar New England. Also, G&A expenses increased slightly compared to last year, due primarily to increased professional fees and the G&A costs related to our three new development studios and our newly established Asian operation. These increases were partially offset by approximately $2 million of cost savings initiatives.  Please note that we are now including our foreign exchange gains and losses in our interest and other income expense line. We have previously included this in our G&A expenses. We had $4.3 million in foreign exchange loss in Q4, which is included in that line item.  We incurred a taxable loss during the fourth quarter which partially offset the prior quarter’s profits, resulting in a fourth quarter tax benefit.  Moving on to our balance sheet, at the end of Q4 we had $280 million in cash, including $70 million from borrowings on our credit line. Cash was used in the quarter for inventory purchases, product manufacturing costs, and advertising in advance of the holiday season, as well as internal royalties for titles that had shipped earlier in the year.  Our accounts receivable reserve was about $68 million at the end of the quarter, which represented approximately 30% of gross receivables. Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately $104 million, up slightly from this time last year, primarily due to many of our new releases shipping late in the quarter this year and also Jack’s increased level of hardware business compared to last year.  While software development costs and licenses were flat year over year, we amortized a significant amount of software development costs during the year as a result of our key releases in 2008. At the same time, we continue to invest in future products. We currently have 36 titles in various stages of development.  Now to our outlook -- we are issuing initial guidance today for fiscal 2009. For the full year, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of break-even to $0.20 from $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.52 per share and expenses related to unusual legal matters of $0.05 per share.  I would like to offer some important comments around the initial guidance we are providing today. Given the challenging economic environment that we expect could continue well into 2009, we took a very hard look at our unit assumptions across all titles and adjusted them accordingly. We cannot predict how long the current economic conditions will last, or how significantly it will impact our business over the next 12 months. And while we continue to be diligent in working to protect our business [in advance] with regard to potential bad debt exposure, and have had no material impact many of the retailer bankruptcies to date, it may be difficult to completely eliminate that exposure.  I will provide more detail later in the call on the timing of our [key] products in 2009. It’s important to note that our release schedule is very heavily back-end loaded, with many of our key triple A titles planned for release in Q4. Maintaining our release schedule is very critical to our fiscal year results.  Another area of variability in our results comes from foreign exchange rates, which have been very volatile in the past couple of months. For the purposes of guidance, we assume flat rates as of the time we finalized our forecasts. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against the Euro and pound, we may have downside EPS exposure.  Let me provide some more specific data points on our 2009 outlook. We expect our total revenue mix to be at 80% from publishing and 20% from distribution. On a blended basis for publishing and distribution, we expect gross margins for fiscal 2009 to be in the low 30s. This is down from fiscal 2008, primarily due to the strong contribution of Grand Theft Auto 4 in 2008. We expect our split between North America and international revenue to be about 75% to 25%. Excluding our sports and distribution business, our North America/international split is expected to be approximately 55% to 45%.  Within publishing, we expect the relative revenue breakdown from our labels to be roughly 45% from Rockstar and 55% from 2K. The 55% from 2K breaks down as follows: 25% from 2K Sports, 20% from 2K Games, and 10% from 2K Play.  Now let me give you an idea of where we see our operating expenses trending. Note that our operating expense and tax guidance is provided on a non-GAAP basis. We see 2009 G&A levels improving by approximately 10% in absolute dollars compared to 2008, based on our cost-cutting initiatives and reduced personnel expenses following our restructuring. The change in foreign exchange rates is also expected to have a positive impact on G&A expenses of approximately $6 million compared to 2008.  Additionally, we are forecasting a decrease in professional fees as we expect to resolve some of our outstanding regulatory issues.  Lastly, our bonus accruals for 2009 are lower than for 2008 based on our record performance in 2008. These expense reductions are being partially offset by expenses related to the new office we opened in Asia this year and the three new development studios we added in 2008.  Sales and marketing expense to remain relatively flat in absolute dollars next year, as our spending is closely tied to our product releases. We have several key titles planned for 2009. The change in foreign exchange rates is expected to have a positive impact on sales and marketing expenses of approximately $3 million, although this could be offset by costs related to our expansion efforts in Asia. R&D will grow slightly due to the continued investment in our development studios and the full-year cost of our new studios.  Depreciation and amortization should decrease due to the sale of our Ohio warehouse operation [to tighten the staff here].  Based on our current forecast, we expect our tax expense to be approximately $7 million in 2009. Fiscal 2009 estimates are for tax expense primarily attributable to the company’s international operations.  We are also issuing guidance today for the first quarter. We expect a non-GAAP loss per share in the range of $0.70 to $0.85, on $175 million to $225 million in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.14 per share, and expenses related to unusual legal matters of $0.01.  Let me provide some additional data points on our Q1 outlook. We expect our revenue mix to be about 55% from publishing and 45% from distribution, due to the seasonal ramp-up in Jack’s business, and the increased demands they are seeing for current gen hardware and software.  Our Q1 lineup of new releases is fairly light. We have shipped Grand Theft Auto 4 for the PC and later this quarter, we have MLB Front Office Manager. We expect continued sales of titles released in prior quarters, including Midnight Club Los Angeles, NBA 2K9, GTA 4, and our Carnival Game title.  We expect reduced gross profit margins in Q1 compared to last year. They will likely be in the high teens. This is primarily due to higher promotional and co-op spending this year. Also, much of our Q1 publishing business last year was from older catalog titles where the [inaudible] software had already been fully amortized. We expect gross margins to trend back up in Q2 with the release of the Lost and Damned, the first episode of Grand Theft Auto 4, as well as Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars for the DS.  We expect overall operating expenses to trend down a bit in Q1 as compared to Q4, primarily driven by reductions in G&A from our cost-cutting initiatives and the positive impact from foreign exchange rates. However, R&D expenses are expected to increase in Q1 as compared to Q4 due to lower software capitalization rates during the holiday season and from incremental IT spending.  G&A should trend down modestly from Q4 and depreciation and amortization to remain about flat. We expect to show a provision for taxes in Q1 primarily related to our international business.  Lastly, I’ll provide some more color on the timing of our key releases beyond Q1. In Q2, we’ll release the Lost and Damned, the first episode of Grand Theft Auto 4, on Xbox 360, Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars on the DS, and Major League Baseball 2K9.  Our second-half fiscal 2009 release schedule includes Borderlands, Bioshock 2, Mafia 2, NBA 2K10, NHL 2K10, and the second episode of Grand Theft Auto 4 for Xbox 360. As I mentioned earlier, the majority of these titles are expected to ship in Q4.  Rockstar will release downloadable content for Midnight Club Los Angeles on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in early 2009. They also have Speed Raider planned for release in mid-2009 and one other triple A title planned for fiscal 2009.  Now I will turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie. I would like to emphasize that we are very well-positioned for these clearly challenging and uncertain times. We will continue to set new benchmarks with triple A products, make strategic investments for growth, manage our expenses to maximize our bottom line, and maintain our sound financial position. We are driving toward continued success. We believe in our strategy, we believe in our team, and therefore we believe in our future.  We’ll now take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with Barclay’s Capital. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Handler - Barclay’s Capital : Thank you very much for taking my question. With regard to the Rockstar talent announcement, in the release you say they are going to be essentially carving out a separate studio which you will release some of their titles. What percentage of the new content from Rockstar going forward is going to be owned by the new studio versus what you own?
Strauss Zelnick: First of all, I would like to emphasize that the key elements here in this deal are a continued relationship with the top talent in the business. The second point to emphasize is that we’ve announced that the economic incentives related to that extension are based on a profit-sharing arrangement. That’s new, that’s change and a reflection of our continued strategy and approach to make sure the interests of everyone who works at Take-Two are aligned with the interests of our shareholders and we are really pleased and proud that our entire team is up for that and excited about that. It obviously will emphasize the focus on profitability around here and that’s what we are aiming to do with our creative talent, with our executive talent, with everyone we are in business with.  On the specific question you posed, in addition to looking after existing properties and new properties that are wholly-owned by our company, there is an entrepreneurial opportunity for the key talent with whom we have a relationship with at Rockstar to develop new incremental intellectual property that they own and will be exclusively published by Take-Two.  In terms of the actual number of properties, it’s not really possible to say at this point. I think the key point is that more triple A products in which we have an interest, that we exclusively publish, the better it is for our company. The more entrepreneurial and creative opportunity for our key talent and colleagues at Rockstar Games, the better it is for the company. We think it’s a win-win. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with Janco Partners. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Congrats on your year, and then congrats on signing the Rockstar team. We’re curious what would happen to the contract if there was a change of control, and then I have a follow-up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, thanks for your comments. We don’t ever give that kind of detail. You know, apart from saying that we’re very focused on managing the company as responsibly as possible and frankly, we’re very proud of having done that in the past. That’s how we expect to operate going forward. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. And then obviously fiscal ’09 is difficult -- I’m guessing a lot of that is macro. Can you talk at all about fiscal ’10 and give us a reason to get excited here?
Strauss Zelnick: You know, we’re obviously not giving guidance for fiscal ’10. Moreover, I think we’re trying to emphasize that these times are indeed very uncertain. Without trying to sugarcoat the story, because it’s not our nature, we feel really good about the position we’re in. This new management team has been here for all of 18 months and one of the things we said in the release here where we don’t have an all-together new GTA title, we would like to deliver a company that despite the volatility of the industry can be profitable and our guidance reflects an opportunity to be at least break-even. That’s what we are saying and we are trying to do so prudently and responsibly.  But I defy anyone to call 2010 very focused, you know, in a very focused or a very accurate way. So right now, we are focused on -- absolutely focused on our long-term strategy. We’ve outlined it but in terms of execution, 2009 -- there’s a lot going on and we are going to focus on executing against that. And as I said, given the times, we feel pretty good about it. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. I wasn’t actually asking for specific guidance for fiscal ’10 -- just I mean, some titles from Rockstar that we’ve heard about for a long time -- Max Payne, Red Dead Revolver, the next Grand Theft Auto, [inaudible], can we expect that those games will be out fiscal ’10?
Strauss Zelnick: You know, we’re not going to outline the release schedule. I believe that we are continuing to build the business across all of our labels very, very effectively and I feel good about that sitting here today in 2008, heading into 2009. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Benjamin Feder: Mike, I think it’s also, you know, when it comes to GTA in 2010, it’s really just way too early to talk about it. We’re still selling GTA 4 at full price at retail. We’ve got downloadable episodes coming. We’ve got Chinatown Wars coming -- it’s simply just -- you know, nobody’s saying no but it’s just way too early to talk about 2010 and specifically GTA in 2010. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, that’s fair. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Schachter with UBS.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: -- Rockstar the only one on cash. On the Rockstar deal, you mentioned it was profit share instead of the rev share -- is that profit share on Take-Two or profit share on the Rockstar titles? And then you also talked about equity -- the equity that they are getting, is that going to be -- is that going to be based on performance or is there sort of a set number there? And then in terms of cash, any thoughts on cash burn in 2009? And what percentage of your cash is in the U.S.? Thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, in order, first of all, it’s profit participation based on label results, obviously because that’s what they can control. On the equity side, let me just emphasize that the bulk of the economics are related to a profit participation and the equity is restricted stock grant that vests over the period of the new agreement. Beyond that, we are not prepared to comment.  In terms of international versus domestic, Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: It’s about 70% in the U.S. and 30% in international. 
Strauss Zelnick: In 2009. 
Lainie Goldstein: In 2009. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: And any estimate on the cash burn you expect in 2009?
Lainie Goldstein: We expect to burn cash but we haven’t given guidance on our cash balances going forward. 
Strauss Zelnick: I kind of prefer the word invest over burn. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: All right, well, good luck on the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Gikas with Piper Jaffray.
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon, guys. A couple of questions -- with the external studio, now that some of the Rockstar guys are forming, is it safe to say that that involves like Sam and Dan or Leslie, some of the key players? And then, are their employment contracts, are they now subcontractors of Take-Two working on one or two projects internally but they are now external employees I guess, or subcontractors, not actual employees of the company? How does that stand at this point?
Strauss Zelnick: You know, let’s be clear -- these agreements are similar in character in terms of employment as before. No, nothing’s changing in the way that you outlined. They work for Rockstar Games. Rockstar Games is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Take-Two. That’s not changing, so certainly nothing like an independent contractor status or the like. And the bulk of their activities is related to what they have done before. There’s an additional opportunity to create intellectual property that will be owned by the key members of the team and published exclusively by Take-Two. Let’s not put the cart before the horse. You know, the key activity is the ongoing activity and these are immensely creative people and we’ve I believe successfully aligned interest and created an opportunity to create more hit titles and that will benefit Take-Two and I also very much hope and expect it will benefit the creative people who are allied to Take-Two. That’s a win-win and that’s a business we try to be in at all times. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Is it the key players at Rockstar like Sam, Dan, or Leslie that have formed this external studio?
Strauss Zelnick: We’re talking about something to happen in the future. It remains to be seen. This is an opportunity that the key players with whom we are in business here, and that would be indeed Sam, Dan, and Les, have an opportunity to develop some new intellectual property that’s owned outside on an entrepreneurial basis and published exclusively by us. But you know, at the risk of begging your question, this is not a primary activity. This is a secondary activity and there’s no new -- there’s no ribbon-cutting going on for new offices. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Okay, and then just my last question, you did make some comments on current holiday sales but maybe you could just characterize a little bit more specifically what you are seeing at retail right now -- is the month of December progressing much more challenging than you expected or in line with kind of how you expected, which was say mid-single-digit growth, or what are you expecting for the month of December?
Strauss Zelnick: December is actually shaping up okay so far. I mean, bear in mind that we are running up to Christmas now and so it’s day by day. I think that some of our -- Midnight Club we think will have kind of a longer sales cycle than just Christmas and GTA I think is performing okay. I think it will also have longer legs than just Christmas. So I think December is kind of doing okay. It’s not nothing to [inaudible] but it’s doing okay. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks, guys. Good luck. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Taylor with Arcadia. Please proceed with your question.
John Taylor - Arcadia : I’ve got a couple of questions too. I wonder if you could tell us what GTA 4 contributed as a percent of Q4 and the fiscal year? 
Lainie Goldstein: For Q4, GTA 4 plus the catalog for the entire franchise contributed approximately $40 million of net revenue, which is about 17% of our publishing sales. And for the full year, it was $710 million of net revenue, which is about 60% of our publishing sales. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Okay, great. And since you are on, Lainie, let me try this one again -- I think I’ve asked this a couple of times -- so now we are looking at a launch date, a firm launch date for the first episode of GTA. Could you give us a rough kind of margin picture on how that’s going to come into the P&L? I gather there’s not going to be much of a cash impact but I’m wondering kind of what you are going to bring in and what the charges against the revenue are going to look like?
Lainie Goldstein: We still haven’t shared the pricing information to date, J.T., so we really haven’t -- I can’t give you the specific numbers but as we recognize the revenue, we will have capitalized software amortization, internal royalties, and the margin, and then we’ll have marketing expense and then the revenue will be recognized net of any royalties that are paid to Microsoft. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Okay, so can you give us a range in terms of operating margin contribution, anything like that? 
Lainie Goldstein: No, we haven’t shared that to date, not yet. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Okay, I’m going to keep trying in the future. 
Lainie Goldstein: Okay. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Let’s see -- I guess a lot of questions have been about the contract, so let me try it this way -- from the outside, how is the new contract likely to impact the contribution margin from Rockstar to, you know, as reported on an operating basis for Take-Two? Can you give us a sense of how many basis points up or down or whatever?
Benjamin Feder: Actually, we don’t break out operating margin by label or by product, as you know. We talk about our gross margin group-wide. I think the key point here is incentives are aligned and so everyone is in lock-step to try to increase our revenue and do so at the most efficient cost base. And we do expect good things to come out of that and by good things, do I think our margins could go up? They absolutely could go up but we don’t break it out by label. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Okay, and then you specify that Take-Two is going to own the -- basically own the publishing rights. What happens if this new studio does something that has a direct-to-consumer kind of model without a box on shelf? What role does Take-Two play in that?
Benjamin Feder: Again, I would rather not overstate the case. The answer is we would still publish it, wouldn’t change anything and the economics to us would be similar. But again, I think it’s sort of tail-wagging dog time. The key focus is, on a going forward basis, is just as it’s been before. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Okay. Last question, then Ben, I think in your remarks, you mentioned kind of taking a haircut on unit assumptions across the board, given economic outlook and so on. Could you give us kind of a -- from 30,000 feet, roughly how much you took off the average 10%, 20%, whatever?
Benjamin Feder: We took off about 20%, 25%. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Off of units?
Benjamin Feder: Yes. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company.
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: Sure, thanks. Could you talk a little bit about what’s happening with Midnight Club and why you think it may have sold a little softer? Would you attribute it to the competitive release schedule? Do you think it’s the economy? Do you think it’s potentially something with the racing genre? Thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: You know, there are two ways of looking at it -- one is kind of how big is the pie and what is our share of the pie, and if you look at kind of us versus our number one competitor, Need for Speed, we’re actually doing pretty well, I think. Need for Speed certainly scored a lot lower as a game than Midnight Club did and Need for Speed, just kind of look at week-to-week sales as it comes out. I think we’ve done very, very well. You’ve got to bear in mind that Midnight Club is not [inaudible] like Need for Speed is. It doesn’t have the kind of brand recognition that Need for Speed has and so -- would I like it to be better? Yes, I would. Do I think this title has a lot longer legs than any of our other titles? Absolutely. This title will sell for a long time to come. It’s my not only hope but it’s my belief, and so I’m not -- I’m somewhat disappointed but I’m not terribly disappointed. I’m not terribly concerned. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: All right, thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: I hope that answers your question. If it doesn’t, let me know. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: No, that’s good. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with FBR Capital Markets.  
Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets: Thanks, really appreciate that. Can you give us a sense -- you talked about the adjustments that you made to your forecast for next year because of the economy. Could you give us a sense of what those forecasts would look like were we in a more normal operating environment?
Strauss Zelnick: Better -- they’d look better. At the risk of -- I’m sorry, because it’s -- it was just too tempting to resist. We pride ourselves on the fact that for six quarters since we’ve been here, we have met or exceeded guidance. We try -- we do that by taking the best look at our release schedule, our cost of doing business, and our opportunities and assessing that in the context of the marketplace and that’s what we tried to do here.  In the last two months, there’s no question that as we have gone and looked at that, our view is less sanguine than it was before and that’s been reflected here. But it’s not -- we didn’t just do an across-the-board change and we tried to be meticulous on a bottoms-up basis, and then we guided as well as we possibly could. 
Benjamin Feder: Our overall perspective is it’s going to be more competition for fewer consumer dollars and as I told people all the time, you know, this Christmas doesn’t terribly concern me. Next Christmas is something we have our eye on and we just -- it’s just -- you just can’t call where the consumer is going to be. 
Strauss Zelnick: Right, but we are -- I think what we want to emphasize is first of all, having only been at this table for still a relatively short period of time, we are very pleased with the way the company has been transformed into a company that in a very difficult economic time, entering -- really entering a very difficult economic time, we have a very sound financial condition. We’ve got a terrific line-up. We’ve got superb creative talent and they are -- they are with us for the future. We have the highest rated games in the business. Can’t say much more than that, and we believe that to the extent there’s a storm there, we will weather it well.  I think to be more optimistic than that at a time like this, given the news even just in the past couple of days, wouldn’t be very prudent and we are aiming to be prudent as we look at both our company and the world in which we operate. 
Benjamin Feder: You know, we’ve got the right strategy for this environment -- a limited number of releases, focusing on the high quality, focus on the products with the most potential, rather than kind of flooding the marketplace with all sorts of product, I think is the right strategy generally but specifically in this economy, and then separately having the resources to pounce on opportunities when they emerge because we believe they will emerge, having imagined what the landscape will look like when we come out of this and making sure that we have competitive advantage and the right assets to take advantage and be a leader when the economy comes out of this is really important to us.  So we’ll be focused on [inaudible] our resources, we’ll be focused on conserving cash, and we’ll be focused on a limited number of releases with the highest potential. 
Strauss Zelnick: And just to encapsulate our typical way of looking at the world, our typical way of looking at the world is prepare for the worst, hope for the best and this is not a moment for heroics. This is a moment for judicious behavior. 
Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets: Yep, no, understandable -- on the deal, to what extent do you guys see this being the model for, or a model that you would like to move to with your other tier one studios, or is this something that you want to try and silo within the Rockstar team?
Strauss Zelnick: I think the -- what I would like to emphasize is when we came to the company, we talked about aligning interests and in fact, we spent a good deal of time and effort making sure that executive compensation, that is for executives who aren’t in the creative side of the business, to make sure their incentives were aligned and formulaically so, so as the company performs better, our colleagues and we perform better and enjoy better results. And it was important to extend that to the creative side of the house as well, and what’s great is that people’s economic consensus do translate into behavior. That’s my view of the world, and when people are on a simple, level playing field where everything that one does that achieves a result is either good or bad for everyone, and more or less in the same way, that’s a really great benefit. Among other things, you don’t find yourself talking at cross purposes. You find yourself agreeing on strategy and approach. And we are big believers in that.  That said, no, I don’t want to overstate the case because the people who are the top, undoubtedly, unequivocally the top talent in the industry obviously are entitled to top situations economically and you don’t seek to replicate those across the board anymore than you compress the salary structure across the board for corporate executives. So it’s also terribly important that the groups that perform best do best, the individuals who perform best do best, and that overall the company’s incentives, the human incentives, and the stockholders’ goals are all aligned. That’s what we are trying to do here and I can’t tell you how pleased we are that we’ve been able to do that while retaining, encouraging I hope leading the top talent in the industry, to do that all at the same time makes us feel really great and very well-positioned. 
Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets: Right. Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Leo Choi with Pacific Growth Equities.
Leo Choi - Pacific Growth Equities : Thanks for taking my question. You guys mentioned Atari’s acquisition of Cryptic and your subsequent announcement to not publish Champions Online. Previously MMO has been an area of opportunities and focus that you guys have mentioned. I’m just wondering what the focus there, whether there is still focus there going ahead, what the game plan with the MMO space. And in terms of its impact on the guidance reduction, can you give us some color on how big of an impact that was? Thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: MMOs remain a strategic focus for us. This has been a [inaudible] a publisher and not much more than a publisher of the game. MMOs typically is a great opportunity in Asia and this was primarily a U.S.-oriented type of game, if you looked at the content, it was a U.S.-oriented type of game. For a number of reasons that I would prefer not to go into, it became less attractive over time and when Atari bought the company, it became important and critical that we just -- you know, we announced our intention not to distribute the game.  So with respect to kind of the impact on ’09, I don’t think we can comment on it and I would prefer not to. Thank you. 
Benjamin Feder: But to be clear, this is initial guidance. There was no guidance reduction. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah, we got some confusion in the past about what’s going on here. We never gave guidance for 2009. This is our first guidance for 2009 and we’ve met or exceeded guidance historically in terms of our operating results, we’ve met or exceeded guidance the last six quarters that we have been here, and so I want to be careful about guidance versus missing guidance or -- you know, we don’t have an obligation to meet the guidance that analysts set for us. We have an obligation to -- an obligation but we think -- we believe it’s our responsibility to inform shareholders where we think the business is going and that’s what we are doing. We have not missed guidance. 
Leo Choi - Pacific Growth Equities : Right, got it. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets.
Tom Andrews - BMO Capital Markets: This is Tom Andrews standing in for Edward. A couple of questions, if I could -- for ’08, could you go over what your cash R&D spend was and what do you expect it to be for ’09? And also what was your R&D headcount at the end of the year and what do you expect it to be for the end of the current year? And can you elaborate at all on your plans to take advantage of the Wii in terms of what new brands you might be introducing and when we might see that?
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the R&D headcount, we had about 1,500 employees in R&D at the end of the year. We don’t comment on forecasted employees but we do intend to grow our studio and our development employees going forward and focus on development of our current titles and new titles. And in terms of cash spend for R&D, we don’t share that specific information either. 
Benjamin Feder: And with respect to the Wii, we’ve got a bunch of sports titles that are going to take advantage of the Wii. Some of our best content really isn't appropriate for the Wii but that said, Carnival Games has been a massive success for the company and we are looking at in a [disciplined] way, extending that brand to other areas and our -- as I said, our sports -- all of our sports titles are looking at the Wii as a potential platform. And frankly, even at the content that -- the M-rated content that we think is much more appropriate for the PS3 to 360, you know, we have to look at the Wii as a viable platform across all of our labels. We just have to because we can’t ignore the installed base. We just can’t. And we are going to do a lot of learning with GTA 4 -- GTA Chinatown Wars, excuse me, on the DS in terms of bringing that kind of content to a Nintendo platform. You know, our partnership with Nintendo is as strong as its ever been. We’re really excited about it. We talk to them all the time. They provide great feedback for us and we are highly, highly focused on it. That said, I think you see in our release schedule those titles that we’ve announced for 2009. 
Tom Andrews - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks, and maybe just one last thing is when you look at the upcoming year or fiscal ’09, what kind of a revenue contribution do you think we could expect to see from downloadable content this year and what portion of that do you think might be from Grand Theft Auto?
Strauss Zelnick: We don’t break that out. 
Tom Andrews - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks to everyone for joining us today. I would also like to take a moment to thank all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in what is the company’s record year. We greatly appreciate everyone’s efforts. This is a team effort. The team has performed at the highest level this year and it’s incredibly gratifying to all of us. So on behalf of the company, we would like to wish all of you a happy and healthy holiday season and new year, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-09-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Cindy Buckwalter - Executive Vice President Strauss Zelnick - Chairman of the Board Benjamin Feder - CEO Lainie Goldstein - CFO
Analysts:  Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray Mike Hickey - Janco Partners Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Benjamin Schachter - UBS Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation 
Operator:  Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software, Q3 2008 results. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindy Buckwalter, Executive Vice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter; you may begin. 
Cindy Buckwalter: Welcome and thank you all for joining us for our third quarter conference call. Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Chairman of Take-Two; Ben Feder, our CEO; and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. Our team will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.  Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws.  These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors, including the risks associated with our process to evaluate strategic alternatives.  These important factors are described in our press release today and our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2007 and our 10-Qs for the interim quarters of fiscal 2008. These documents may be obtained from our website at www.taketwogames.com.  Now let me turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks Cindy, good afternoon everyone, thanks for joining us. Take-Two’s third quarter results beat expectations by a wide margin. This clearly demonstrates that our company is in terrific shape and that we’re positioned to create even greater stockholder value in the future. We’re performing well in all aspects of our business creatively, operationally and financially. From a product perspective our industry leading creative teams are building an increasingly diverse portfolio of interactive entertainment brands that are massive winners with consumers.  Our strong third quarter performance was driven by a broad range of [inaudible] from our powerhouse Grand Theft Auto to Civilization to newer brands like Carnival Games, as well as our sports titles led by Top Spin 3 and Major League Baseball 2K8.  In an industry where strong contact is a critical determinant of success, we have an increasingly formidable advantage. Operationally our ongoing efforts to drive increased efficiency have gained significant traction over the past 16 months. We have now implemented all of our previously announced cost saving measures and will reap the benefits of these initiatives going forward both in terms of higher productivity and the ability to reinvest the savings to grow our business.  On the financial front our third quarter results continued the trend of dramatic performance improvements that we consistently delivered throughout this fiscal year. Our top line revenue and non-GAAP EPS results once again outperformed our guidance and exceeded even the most optimistic analyst estimates. Before I turn the call over to Benjamin I’d like to give you a brief update on our strategic review process. As you know Electronic Arts agreed to a presentation by our management team consistent with our process following the expiration of their [inaudible] tender offer. At the same time we’re actively continuing our other formal discussions as we previously disclosed.  Our Board and management team have at all times conducted this process and its deliberate focus and reasoned manner with the goal of pursing the task that will create the greatest possible values for our stockholders. We’ll continue to do so. Now Benjamin will discuss the third quarter results in more detail and provide us with additional detail on our creative and operational progress.
Benjamin Feder : Thanks Strauss, our third quarter results were in a word fantastic. This marks the fifth quarter in a row that we’ve beaten our own guidance as well as consensus expectations. Strauss and I have urged our team to remain focused on the business despite the considerable potential for distraction and their ability to do so is reflected in our strong performance. Net revenue for the quarter was $434 million, more than double the $206 million we reported in Q 3 last year. Earnings on a non-GAAP basis were $0.93 per share compared with a net loss one year ago and also were sharply higher then consensus.  The quarter’s results were driven by better then expected performance of Grand Theft Auto IV which shipped in Q2 and also our newly released titles Top Spin 3, Sid Meier’s Civilization Revolution which both shipped in the third quarter. Our strong performance is reflected in our increased cash position. We had nearly $339 million in cash at the end of the quarter, well over $4.00 per share and paid off the balance owed on our credit line. To be clear, the company is debt free. I’d like to expand on Strauss’ point about our creative performance. Thanks to the efforts of nearly 1,400 development team members worldwide and a disciplined product investment review process, we now have the strongest and most diverse portfolio in Take-Two’s history. Both Rockstar and 2K contributed to this quarter’s outstanding performance and the proven franchises of Grand Theft Auto, Civilization, Carnival Games, Top Spin, and Major League Baseball were powerful revenue generators.  Grand Theft Auto IV is once again the largest single contributor to revenue in the quarter. We have continued to see increases in sell-through which rose by approximately 1.5 million units since we last spoke to you in June. We expect that the continued growth of GTA IV sales will be driven by several factors. First Rockstar is launching a new marketing and PR campaign which will start in the fall and extend into the holiday season. Also as a must-have game for all fans of interactive entertainment, GTA IV we believe should receive a boost from the ramp up in hardware sales during the upcoming holiday season.  In addition our hardware partners continue to be excited about the title and are planning to support GTA IV in a major way through early next year. The Japanese version of Grand Theft Auto IV is set for release on October 30th and the PC version is due out in November, both of which will open new chapters in the phenomenal performance of the game. A new GTA title, Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars, will be released for the Nintendo DS platform in Q1 of fiscal 2009 combining the world’s largest interactive entertainment franchise and the world’s largest installed base. Finally the release of episodic contents for Xbox 360 in fiscal 2009 will further energize sales of the original GTA IV. The Grand Theft Auto franchise has extremely long legs; Grand Theft Auto San Andreas sold about 12 million units in the first four months alone following launch and then approximately 11 million units over the next three years for a lifetime total sales of nearly 23 million units. In fact more than one million units of previous GTA titles were sold in the third quarter of fiscal 2008 alone. Based on GTA IV sales to date, and the factors that I just mentioned, we believe the lifetime Grand Theft Auto sales will ultimately track well ahead of any previous Grand Theft Auto titles.  Our creative teams have shown tremendous ingenuity in maximizing the value of our AAA franchises by extending hit titles to new platforms and new regions, specifically BioShock will make its debut on PS3 in October with all new contents that will attract new audiences to the smash hit franchise.  We recently launched Carnival Games for DS where it’s been a solid hit building on its earlier success on the Wii. We are pleased to announce that sales of Carnival Games on Wii and DS have topped two million units to date. In June we announced plans to bring NHL 2K9 to the Wii making it the first NHL licensed hockey game on that platform and our experience with Sid Meier’s Civilization Revolution is a striking example of our ability to raise the value of our intellectual property to new levels. Sid Meier’s Firaxis team took a franchise that was originally built around the PC and transformed it into a breathtaking console and handheld title. We’re so proud of that achievement that I want to pause for a moment and quote from a story from the New York Times on the title, which quoted, “Mr. Meier and his team at Firaxis Game with the support from Take-Two, has succeeded in translating the classic elements of Civilization series into a form that performs gloriously in living rooms on the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 and even in handheld form on the Nintendo DS.”  That’s a fantastic endorsement and we’re really, really proud of it.  On the topic of new creative properties, we’ve announced the partnership with Cryptic Studios for their Massively Multiplayer Online Title Champions Online. This is our first venture into the MMOG field and reflects a toehold into the broadband world which we see as a very important strategic initiative. I’d also like to mention our recent deployment of Gary Dale as Chief Operating Officer. Gary has played many valuable roles of the company and is highly experienced in publishing, global markets, sales and distribution, all of which are critically important to enhancing the value of our business. This is another example of our determination to operate the company as effectively, as productively as possible and even as we explore strategic alternatives. We’re approaching the upcoming holiday season and the balance of this fiscal year with great confidence and enthusiasm. The titles that have powered our growth throughout this year should be on many shopping lists this season and we also have many strong new titles including Midnight Club: Los Angeles; the PS3 version of BioShock; the Japanese and PC versions of GTA IV; Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars for DS; our NBA 2K9 and NHL 2K9 titles; Carnival Games Mini Golf for Wii; Sid Meier’s Civilization IV: Colonization; as well as an assortment of Nickelodeon titles. At this time we’re in the process of finalizing our fiscal 2009 release schedule and will provide an outlook for the full year when we’ve completed this vital component our budgeting process.  We believe that our success in building a diverse portfolio of AAA titles while improving our operations and strengthening our financial position has given the company a solid platform for profitable growth.  We are delivering on our pledge to make Take-Two the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the industry and we look forward to further accomplishments in the future.  With that I thank you and I’ll turn the call over to Lainie.
Lainie Goldstein : Thanks Benjamin and good afternoon everyone. Today I’ll review our third quarter results which were terrific. To detail our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2008, let’s look at our Q3 results. Net revenue was $434 million compared with $206 million a year ago.  Non-GAAP net income was $71.5 million compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $44.9 million last year with earnings per share of $0.93 compared to a loss of $0.62 last year.  Please see today’s press release for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP to GAAP numbers. We are pleased that we exceeded our guidance for the fifth quarter in a row. Sales of Grand Theft Auto IV topped [Sin 3] and Sid Meier’s Civilization Revolution also passed our expectations and were the primary drivers of our better then expected performance. Our GAAP results for the third quarter were net income of approximately $51.8 million or $0.67 per share compared with a net loss of $58.5 million or $0.81 per share in the third quarter of 2007. Our GAAP results included $12.6 million in stock based compensation expense, and a total of $7.2 million of professional fees and legal expenses related to unusual matters as well as business reorganization costs. Our leading title in Q3 was Grand Theft Auto IV which continued to perform extremely well. Other top titles in the quarter were Top Spin 3, Civilization Revolution, and Carnival Games. [Jack of All Games] business also grew led by strong [current] generation software sales specifically for the Wii and Playstation 3 and increased Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 hardware sales. And looking at our consolidated results our non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 41% compared to 19% last year. This is primarily due to our revenue mix as publishing was 88% if total revenue and our top three titles in the quarter are all high margins internally owned and developed titles and were a significant percentage of publishing revenue.  Our split between North America and international revenue was 54% to 46% in Q3 compared to 78% to 22% in Q3 last year. Excluding our sports and distribution businesses, North America international revenues split for the trailing 12 months was about 55% to 45%. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the third quarter were approximately $99 million, up from last year’s third quarter for the following reasons.  Sales and marketing expenses accounted for the largest increase primarily due to advertising for Grand Theft Auto IV. R&D expenses increased as a result of lower software capitalization rates following the release of Grand Theft Auto IV. We also continued to invest in our development studios including the three additional studios we’ve opened or acquired this year; 2K [Chek], 2K [Moran] and Rockstar New England.  Also G&A expenses increased compared to last year due primarily to increased incentive compensation and professional fees and the G&A costs related to our three new development studios and our newly established Asian operation. These increases were partially offset by approximately $2 million of cost savings initiatives. Our tax expenses primarily for our earnings in international territories. Moving on to our balance sheet at the end of Q3 we had over $338 million in cash or approximately $4.37 per share. During the quarter we paid down $18 million on our line of credit and we currently have no borrowings. Our accounts receivable reserve is about $58 million at the end of the quarter which represents an approximately 35% of gross receivables. Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately $72 million, down slightly from this time last year. The increase in our software development costs and licenses from year end is primarily related to key titles planned for release over the next 12 to 18 months. We currently have approximately 35 titles in various stages of development.  Now to our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2008, we are raising our fiscal 2008 guidance to reflect a better then expected performance in Q3. We now expect $1.5 billion to $1.55 billion in revenue and $2.08 to $2.12 in earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis.  This excludes stock based compensation expense of $0.59 per share and expenses related to unusual matters and new organization costs of $0.21 per share. For Q4 we are revising our guidance slightly to reflect the following factors. The movement of Midnight Club: Los Angeles, to late October which we believe is a more favorable market window for the title. While the title is still shipping in Q4 we will be capturing only about a week of sales in the quarter.  We also moved the DS and Wii versions of Don King Presents: Prizefighter along with the 360 platform for certain international territories from the fourth quarter to fiscal 2009 to allow additional development time. Additionally since the sales line for Grand Theft Auto IV is already substantially ahead of our expectations year-to-date we are maintaining a conservative outlook for Q4. For Q4 we expect non-GAAP net income per share in the range of $0.01 to $0.05 on $285 million to $335 million in revenue. This excludes stock based compensation expense of $0.18 per share and expenses related to unusual matters and reorganization costs of $0.03 per share.  For Q4 our remaining queue releases are Midnight Club: Los Angeles, BioShock for Playstation 3, NBA 2K9, NHL 2K9, Sid Meier’s Civilization IV: Colonization, and Carnival Games: Mini Golf for the Wii. Our Q4 releases are more broadly distributed among the labels and include our licensed NBA and NHL titles. We expect gross profit margins to decrease to the low 30s in this quarter. On a non-GAAP basis we expect overall operating expenses to trend up in Q4 as compared to Q3 primarily for the following reasons. Selling and marketing expenses are increasing significantly driven by higher marketing spend for Grand Theft Auto IV, the release of Midnight Club: Los Angeles, as well as the launch of our key sports and other 2K titles.  We also expect R&D expense to increase from Q3 as we continue to invest in our studios. Looking ahead we’re building a strong lineup for fiscal 2009. Ben already mentioned our holiday titles and in addition to those releases we’ll have sequels to some of Rockstar’s AAA brands.  2K’s key AAA titles will include Borderland, Mafia 2, BioShock 2, Champions Online, and a full roster of sports titles. 2K play will publish additional Nick Junior products. We’ll be expanding our downloadable content business as well as the revenue streams and expect to see growth in the Asia Pacific market as the result of our entry into that region. Fiscal 2009 will also reflect the first full year of our cost savings initiatives. We’re optimistic about our future and the opportunities to further build stockholder value. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick : Thanks Lainie, fiscal 2008 continues to be a transformative year for Take-Two. We have broadened our portfolio with truly creative and innovative products, we’ve streamlined and strengthened our operations while adding to the depth of our management talent and we’ve demonstrated our ability to consistently deliver outstanding financial results.  We continue to work diligently to translate these accomplishments into increased stockholder value as we move ahead. We will now take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Could you give us a quick comment on the inventory levels of Grand Theft Auto IV at retail, are you expecting, it sounds like your guidance might be implying fewer shipments in the fourth quarter then maybe we were expecting and could you just outline your view of where the upside was in the quarter, there was a considerable disconnect on the EPS relative to your guidance and where was the upside relative to your expectations or guidance?
Strauss Zelnick : I think the upside was really across several titles, GTA IV obviously outperformed but Top Spin 3 outperformed especially well in Europe. Carnival Games turned out to be the gift that keeps on giving and since we launched the [inaudible] it’s only improved the value of the franchise in sales of that franchise. Civilization Revolution also outperformed so I think if you look at our release schedule just about all of our titles have outperformed expectations and so I wouldn’t hang too much on GTA IV although obviously that contributed a lot to what’s going on. And then finally you also have to look at our cost savings initiatives, I think while we’ll take some cost savings and reinvest it in other parts of the business overall I think we’re operating much more efficiently then we were certainly a year ago and those benefits benefited us during the quarter so all of those factors together contributed to the outperformance of the quarter and obviously we’re very proud of our performance. With respect to inventory levels, we don’t disclose inventory levels in the channel. I know there are those that do channel checks, and you can probably get it that way, but we don’t, we’re comfortable where our inventory levels are and we’re comfortable that going into the fall and holiday season that sales of GTA IV will pick up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey - Janco Partners
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Just done some quick math, but it looks like based on the mid point of your new guidance your stock is trading at about 11x, you stripped $440 in cash and trending about 9x, that compares to a market of about 14x in a group, trading on 21x, you ex out yourself, it trading about 24x, so what do you do to get a more adequate multiple for the economics you’re generating and do you think at some level the expired tender from EA is creating a cap to your stock price?
Strauss Zelnick : We really do focus on our [knitting] and it is our belief that’s ultimately markets really do reflect reality and I’ve spoken about this before, the company has a history of having some inconsistency in its results and while when you have the biggest title in the industry and a huge title here you can always expect volatility and of course any [inaudible] has volatility in it. We said we feel it’s really incumbent upon us to build a company that can be profitable year in year out and I don’t think it’s inappropriate for investors to say, this is great performance and we want to see more of it.  So our view is we focus on what we can control which is we’re trying to make and our creative people are trying to make the best products anyone makes in the interactive entertainment business. We’re trying to cover a wide array of genres. We’re trying to distribute them better then anyone else all around the world, ourselves, we’re trying to open new territories and open new channels for our products and make this the most compelling place in the entertainment industry today to work. If we achieve all that the results follow and if the results follow the market follows the results. As for the technical calculations, we are all entitled to our own views but we’re not here to argue about what the market says about us. We figure if we keep delivering the market will be there. 
Benjamin Feder : I want to make the point about what’s gone on in the last five quarters here, yes we are in a volatile business and you will expect to see volatility quarter to quarter so we don’t apologize for that because of the nature of the business on the one hand. On the other hand this company has performed and outperformed five quarters in a row so it’s not just what the bottom line is this quarter its consistent performance that is what we aim for. Yes there’ll be volatility from quarter to quarter but these are the kind of results that are new to this company frankly and we’re quite proud of them. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Looking at the benefits you hope to reap from the restructuring efforts specifically on sports since you’ve consolidated some of the studios in the sports franchise which arguably effected quality over some of the titles, do you expect to have a turnaround and reap the benefits in that consolidation both in terms of quality and margins next year or could you see some incremental benefits would be more linear rather then a stair step as you launch the next round of sport sales next year and then on the GTA Chinatown for the DS now that that is in the works you’re working with Nintendo more and more, any opportunities to bring the franchise to the Wii?
Benjamin Feder : With respect to the sports titles, let me be clear, there are some titles that are quite profitable and some titles that are less profitable. The ones that are less profitable tend to be volume dependant which is to say as the installed base grows we expect those to get more profitable and we expect that the install base will grow this Christmas. We are very bullish on this Christmas and Microsoft’s price cut recently I think will help that as well. As to your question about margin we expect certainly to improve. The question about quality will also I believe will improve. We have the team onboard is committed to a highly competitive product for next year. We’ve had lots of internal discussions about it. We’re confident that we’ll deliver a product that’s AAA and is everything that we and the market expect from 2K and [BC] so we’re quite bullish on the sports business understanding the challenges and the structural challenges that we all know are embedded in the business.  With respect to GTA Chinatown I will tell you that we’ve spent an enormous amount of time and effort working with Nintendo and developing that partnership. We’re very proud of the partnership that we have to date. We continue to build that relationship. We think we have significant value to add to that partnership and that’s not a one-way relationship in any way. GTA Chinatown Wars is not even the first step but certainly an important step in continuing to develop that relationship.  So without commenting on whether GTA specifically whether it is coming to the Wii or not, I will say that Nintendo and Take-Two work very well together. Nintendo and Rockstar are beginning to work well together and we intend to continue to grow that relationship. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Schachter - UBS
Benjamin Schachter – UBS: Can you just confirm have you actually had the review with EA or is that still being scheduled? Going forward when you’re starting to think about your FY09 budgeting process do you think about it as including Rockstar and what would be the magnitude of how those numbers would change if the Rockstar contract were not to be renewed? Could you talk about any new models or new things you’re thinking about for the sports business? 
Strauss Zelnick : We’ve disclosed actually that we’re an NDA vis-a-vie Electronic Arts and there’s nothing else we can say. In terms of your question about our budgeting process, which is a headline for the question about the Rockstar contract negotiations, first of all we never talk about our discussions with individual employees and we never have. I think the answer is we look at this enterprise based on the budgets that are submitted and we want to make sure we’re really comfortable with them going forward and its not related to any individual contract discussions. 
Benjamin Feder : We’re not restructuring the sports business in any way. We think we have the best sports development team on the planet and we have them on, they’re working on some of the more challenging sports titles that we have and so the issues that we have in sports to be clear again, are related to specific areas in the sports business not the entire sports business and in those specific areas the one driver that will improve profitability is the installed base and the size of the market and that in some ways is out of our control. 
Benjamin Schachter – UBS: The question on sports was more if you could elaborate on any new models in terms of online subscribers’ models, those kinds of things going forward?
Benjamin Feder : We are looking at them, and some of them quite seriously, but I have nothing to announce today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: It looks to me like your international numbers have been quite a bit stronger then maybe you had expected at the beginning of the year, can you comment on whether this is primarily a currency effect, is it a function of better unit sales in international markets then you’d expected or something else.
Strauss Zelnick : Traditionally if you net out our sports business which tends to be a domestic business, the number that you see for the quarter are consistent with what that would look like when you net out sports and so what happened in Q3 because GTA is so large, and because of the summer, the size of the sports business over the share of the total business is diminished and so you begin to see a more normalized international versus domestic breakout.
Benjamin Feder : That said we remain focused on building up our international business and making it a bigger percentage. 
Strauss Zelnick : We haven’t talked a lot about our Asian expansion; we have great hopes for it. We’re making a lot of progress and we expect to continue to see progress on the Asian front. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: Could you also confirm it sounded like you were implying this, but is GTA Chinatown Wars scheduled to launch before Christmas. 
Benjamin Feder : No we didn’t say that and we’re not implying that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Looking more towards next year, can you give us an idea as to what the economics will be for the GTA downloadable content at this point? Looking at the Cryptic relationship, are you going to share on the subscription side or is that more the distribution and the concerned packaged goods component? And then what are your thoughts with regards to the MMO space, with regards to Take-Two owned properties and then can you just give us an idea as to what the NOL is at this point?
Lainie Goldstein : For the episodic content question we have not determined the pricing at this time so we don’t have that information for you but we could tell you that we will be pairing our revenue with capitalized software amortization, our internal royalty’s expense and any associated marketing expense for the title. We haven’t disclosed our NOLs on a quarterly basis to date, but you can get a rough estimate by looking at the year end balance in our 10-K and then adjusting it by our nine month cumulative change in our valuation allowance and you can see that, it’ll be disclosed in our third quarter 10-Q that’s scheduled to be filed by tomorrow.
Benjamin Feder : With respect to online and Cryptic specifically, you can imagine the deal with Cryptic is again under confidentiality, we’re not prepared to disclose anything about the economics and any share if any of subscription revenue as opposed to boxed revenue but I will say that we are pleased with the economics of the business, we’re pleased with Cryptic as a partner and we have great hopes and expectations for the title.  With respect to MMO and Take-Two owned properties, I think we’ve said publically and certainly privately that the way we think to get into Asia specifically MMO markets is to use our Take-Two owned properties and to partner so that we mitigate the risk and that is our stated strategy. We don’t have anything specifically to announce. I would also say that Cryptic should give you an indication that where we’re seeing opportunity we’ll be opportunistic. We intend to gain institutional knowledge on the MMO market. We think broadband is an important strategic initiative for this company as well as for every company in the industry and any chance that we get to learn and increase our presence profitably we’ll take that opportunity. That said we know that we have one of the strongest IP portfolios in the business. We know we’re the envy of many companies, especially in Asia and we will use those brands and very carefully judicially so that we take maximum advantage of them. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers
Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers: When you look at the lineup of titles coming out in October, and obviously October is always very crowded, but it actually seems the October 7th release date you had there’s a lot fewer titles in the mix coming out that week relative to the 14th and the 21st, so could you give color around what you saw that you so desired to push the game back two weeks and then given how strong earnings are for this year, I know you’re working on your budgets, but directionally speaking is this the high water mark for earnings until GTA V comes out? 
Strauss Zelnick : We’re going to talk about our guidance when we have it ready. We try very hard to be conservative and realistic. One of the burdens of having beaten our guidance is that people begin to think that you’re always going to beat your guidance and we try to emphasize our goal really is to guide realistically and there’s a lot of emphasis on that now and that’s what we’re waiting for. I wouldn’t arrive at any conclusions yet and we’ll tell you when we know more.
Benjamin Feder : With respect to Midnight Club and your question, I think the folks around here will tell you the number one thing that we’re concerned about all the time is what’s the best thing for the titles. When we look at release dates the answer is always what’s the best thing for the title. Your point about the competitive environment is well taken, but on balance considering all the other aspects that go into the launch of a game, on balance we felt that the right thing to do was to move the release date. We don’t think it’s a big deal and we don’t think it will affect sales one way or another given that release. We want to make sure the title is absolutely ready to go and it’s the best that it can be. I’ll tell you that I saw a build of it today and it looks absolutely awesome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation: Could you give us a sense of what the catalogue was as a percent of published revenue in the third quarter?
Lainie Goldstein : It was 13% this quarter. 
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation: Specifically what was the GTA franchise as a percent of total published revenue?
Lainie Goldstein : The entire franchise was approximately 60%. 
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation: You mentioned something about the sales and marketing budget going up to support GTA IV ongoing, is there a way you could characterize for us how you’re going to pace yourself through the total budget, the advertising budget, of GTA IV this year, what percent has been spent already and what percent has been reserved for the holiday timeframe and maybe even put that in the context of your comment about San Andreas doing X number of units in its first year and then why in its second year and how the promotional strategy helps drive demand over the long haul?
Lainie Goldstein : We don’t really provide that level of detail on a title by title basis but I can tell you that we definitely looked at the Christmas season as an opportunity to get back out there and really market the title for new owners of the hardware as they’re buying it during the Christmas season. So we definitely looked at the different timing for us for launching this title in April and then what the marketing would look at different times during the year for the title. 
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation: Can you give us a sense of whether we’re closer to 50/50, or 70/30 or 80/20 in terms of how much has been reserved for holiday?
Lainie Goldstein : No I can’t really share that, I’m sorry. 
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation: Of the titles basically scheduled for November and October release are they all pretty much simultaneously releasing across all platforms, have you got all the SKUs together? 
Benjamin Feder : Pretty much. 
John Taylor – Arcadia Investment Corporation: So if we see a little bit of variance a week or two, we shouldn’t draw too much into that?
Benjamin Feder : No. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Mike Hickey - Janco Partners
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Just curious on the theatrical side obviously BioShock I think for a couple of years out but you have Max Payne is coming out in October, I believe you own that IP, are you set to generate any sort of economics from the net receipts of that movie at the box office and if you could walk us through a generic model on how that works and them maybe philosophically how you see that as an element of your business moving forward? 
Strauss Zelnick : As it happens Max Payne is a split rights deal and we don’t share meaningfully in the motion picture’s economics so it’s not actually a good model going forward. Our model going forward is that of owning our own intellectual property as you know and trying to make the biggest hits we can in the interactive entertainment space and then very selectively when it makes creative sense for the product when it will enhance the quality of the brand and when we have sufficient creative control to mitigate the risk, there are a lot of ifs built in there, we’ll selectively look at other markets and other media.  The reason that we were willing to turn BioShock into a movie is because we’re able to align ourselves with an A plus creative team, [Gord Rubinski and John Logan] and an A plus studio, Universal Pictures, with a burning desire to make a movie that will stand on its own and be terrific and that’s what we think is going to happen and we feel terrifically good about it. What we’re not going to do is make empty announcements about development deals that don’t lead to motion pictures and what we’re certainly not going to do is compromise the quality of the extraordinary work our creative people do or in any way diminish their creative enterprise or motivation by treating interactive entertainment properties like Reece’s Cups, as much as I love a good Reece’s Cup now and then. That’s the focus; we’re going to be awfully selective.  Additionally and it has to be said because we are in the business of business as well, when we do take something to another medium we expect to be able to make a whole lot of money doing it. But this is all in the future now, it’s not in our numbers currently so stay tuned. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: On the downloadable content for GTA IV and how we think about your efforts in trying to remarket that game to the holiday period, is there a reason why strategically it would make sense to have the first downloadable release after the holiday period?
Strauss Zelnick : I think Ben answered it well before which is we really are focused on making extraordinary entertainment around here and we’re not cavalier at all about our need and desire to manage a company that is routinely profitable because we’re in a growth business with good economics. That said, when you start getting into individual release dates you’re always going to get the same answer which is we are driven primarily with making the best products out and its not just a creative desire, it’s the right thing for business too because as this business matures, and you know how much investment is going on out there, you know how robust a business is, you know how much attention it gets, as a business matures a lot of people start throwing stuff against the wall to see what sticks.  Since we got here, we’ve diversified a product base but we said we would focus on a selective number of superb titles across all genres and that’s our goal. So think about it, we’re now taking our number one franchise, and the industry’s number one franchise and we’re delving into an unchartered area which is episodic content. We need to make sure that consumers are absolutely thrilled and delighted by what they see and if it needs to be said, we and the Rockstar team see exactly eye to eye on this as we do on nearly everything. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time; I would like to turn it back to management for any additional or closing remarks. 
Strauss Zelnick : Thanks so much. It’s always a pleasure to share good news and thanks for joining us. 
Benjamin Feder : I do want; it’s been such a spectacular quarter I really do want to thank the team at Take-Two and our studios and at corporate. None of it could have been done without the extraordinary efforts of the very talented people in this organization in a period of time where we could have been completely distracted, everybody kept their head down and delivered some fine results for the company. I’m very proud of their work and I just wanted to mention them on the call. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-06-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Cindy Buckwalter - Executive Vice President Strauss Zelnick - Chairman of the Board Benjamin Feder - Chief Executive Officer, Director Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers Benjamin Schachter - UBS Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray Mike Hickey - Janco Partners Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive second quarter 2008 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindy Buckwalter, Executive Vice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter. You may begin. 
Cindy Buckwalter: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us today. Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Chairman of Take-Two; Ben Feder, our CEO; and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. We are also joined by Seth Krauss, our Chief Legal Counsel. Our team will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.  Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors, including the risks related to Electronic Arts’ tender offer. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2007, and our 10-Q for the first quarter ended January 31, 2008. These filings may be obtained from our website at www.taketwogames.com or by contacting the SEC.  Now let me turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Cindy and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We are pleased to report very strong second quarter results that beat both our own guidance and analyst expectations, continuing the trend of the prior three quarters. Based on our excellent results year-to-date, as well as our positive outlook for the balance of fiscal 2008, we’ve increased our full year guidance for the second quarter this year.  Our performance clearly demonstrates that Take-Two is creating significant stockholder value, primarily through the efforts of our Rockstar and 2K labels, who are producing the best interactive entertainment on the market today.  I should note that it’s early days yet. We are only one year into the revitalization of this company. We still have much more to achieve. That said, I am most pleased with the progress we are making so far in transforming Take-Two into the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient company in our industry.  Clearly the major factor in our performance this quarter was Grand Theft Auto 4. While the tremendous consumer, critical, and media acclaim for the game speaks for itself, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the entire Rockstar Games team on this stunning achievement. It’s been widely reported that GTA 4 had the largest debut of any entertainment product in history. Now, we always knew GTA 4 would be a triumph and it success has blown away not only our own expectations but those of its millions of fans as well.  We have proven our ability to create powerful entertainment franchises whose value extends beyond the traditional interactive entertainment market. This is illustrated by the deal we announced last month for a Bioshock feature film to be produced and directed by Gore Verbinski, director of Pirates of the Caribbean. Our partnership with top film industry talent speaks volumes about the value we are creating at Take-Two.  The fact is our industry is now a source of entertainment that can equal or surpass both in consumer appeal and economic strength more established media, such as film, television, music, or books. This reaffirms our enormous confidence in the future potential of our industry in general and Take-Two in particular.  In addition to the successes on the creative front, Take-Two has also executed on initiatives to expand our development talent and our geographic reach. Ben is going to talk about these in a few moments.  Before I turn the call over to Ben, I would like to give you a brief update on the company’s efforts to maximize stockholder value. As you know, at the time of EA’s highly conditional, unsolicited tender offer, we emphasized the board’s commitment to explore all strategic alternatives, including remaining independent and pursuing business combinations with third parties. We said we were willing to begin formal discussions with interested parties on April 30th following the launch of Grand Theft Auto 4 and we are actively engaged in that process now.  In fact, we have had and continue to have formal discussions with a number of interested parties. It wouldn’t be appropriate to comment further on the status of our efforts at this time.  Now Ben will provide an overview of the quarter’s results and highlight some of the initiatives we are pursuing to continue to grow the business and realize its exciting potential. 
Benjamin Feder: Thanks, Strauss. We are extremely pleased with our second quarter results. I will review some of the financial highlights and then Lainie will provide further detail in a few moments.  Net revenue for the quarter was $540 million, more than double the $205 million we reported in Q2 last year. Earnings on a non-GAAP basis were $1.52 per share, reversing net losses in the year-ago period in the first quarter. Based on our strong Q2 results and favorable outlook on the balance of the year, we are raising our fiscal year 2000 guidance with -- excuse me, $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion in revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $1.65 to $1.85.  The company’s cash position has increased from Q1 by approximately $18 million and we’ve paid down $20 million of our credit line. Our cash balance will be significantly higher by the end of Q3 as the substantial orders we’ve received for GTA 4 late in the second quarter convert to cash.  We are very proud of our accomplishments in Q2. I would like to thank everyone at Rockstar Games as well as the teams at Jack Of All Games and the entire Take-Two team, all of whom contributed to the successful launch of GTA 4.  GTA 4’s performance in the marketplace has continued to be extremely strong post-launch. As of May 31st, we’ve sold over 11 million units into retail channels worldwide, with approximately $8.5 million of those units sold through to consumers. The game has broad global appeal and is the best-selling interactive entertainment title in North America and has broken sales records in Europe.  It is also a cultural phenomenon. The New York Times, L.A. Times, Wall Street Journal, Variety, Newsweek and countless other publications have lauded the game’s breathtaking technological and artistic achievements. Even national public radio remarked on how much they enjoyed listening to public liberty radio in the game.  On the commercial side, GTA 4 earned a Guinness world record for the highest revenue generated by an entertainment product in 24 hours. And by one account, GTA 4 single-handedly propped up the U.K. economy by helping retail sales for April and exceeding expectations.  GTA 4 should continue to deliver value for Take-Two well into the future. For example, GTA San Andreas sold 12 million units in the first four months through January 2005 and went on to sell another 9.5 million units since that time. This is proof positive of the longevity of the extraordinary franchise, a track record that we expect to be reflected in the performance of GTA 4.  I would like to comment on a few other factors that contributed to the stronger-than-expected results in the second quarter. We are very, very pleased of the continued strength of Carnival Games and other catalog titles. We are continuing to see the positive impact of our cost reduction initiatives.  I also want to emphasize -- the actions we have taken during the second quarter to broaden the product portfolio, expand our development resources and extend the reach of our intellectual property into the Asian market. Each of these initiatives is intended to strengthen our capacity to deliver profitable growth and stockholder value.  Turning for a moment to our product portfolio, Take-Two's pipeline today is the strongest, most diverse, and the most exciting in the company’s history. All of our labels -- Rockstar, 2K Games, 2K Play, and 2K Sports -- are producing some of their best and most creative work ever. We are developing new versions of many of our strongest franchises, as well as a number of new brands.  While the full list of titles in progress is too extensive to mention, I will highlight a few that are particularly exciting for the summer and the fall of fiscal 2008. Rockstar’s lineup for the second half includes Midnight Club Los Angeles for Xbox 360 and PS3 and Midnight Club L.A. Remix for PSP. 2K Games will release the highly anticipated Sid Meier Civilization Revolution for Xbox 360, PS3, and DS. The successful Bioshock franchise will be extended with a new version for PS3. We’ve sold over 2.2 million units of this blockbuster title on Xbox 360 and PC to date.  Continuing the growth of our casual games business, 2K Play will reveal Carnival Games for DS and Carnival Games mini-golf for Wii. Carnival Games for the Wii has sold over 1.5 million units so far and the title is still going strong at retail. The DS title is shipping in July and is receiving strong support from Nintendo, who is currently offering it on their demo download stations in stores, and are also planning to have demos of the title place on their in-store kiosks.  2K Sports has an extensive roster, including Top Spin 3 for PS3, Wii, Xbox 360 and DS, and Don King Presents Prizefighter for Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.  We are also pleased MLB -- excuse me; we’ll also release MLB Power Pros 2008 for Wii, PS2, and DS, as well as NHL 2K9 and NBA 2K9 for multiple platforms.  Let’s look for a moment at our fiscal 2009 lineup and we’ve already announced some of our key titles -- Bioshock 2, Mafia 2, Borderland, and we’ve also announced today that we will release the first installment of episodic content for GTA 4 for Xbox 360 in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. We think the 2009 release of this highly anticipated episode will provide better balance among our top titles and further strengthens our fiscal 2009 release schedule, and we’ll have more to say about our 2009 lineup in the coming months.  We’ve continued to make investments to expand our creative resources and extend our global market presence. Since we spoke with you in March, we enhanced our world-class development capabilities by forming Rockstar New England through the acquisition of Mad Dog Software. The team at Mad Dog is extremely talented and accomplished, and most recently worked with Rockstar on Xbox 360 version of the critically acclaimed Bully Scholarship Edition.  We are also actively targeting opportunities in the fast-growing Asia market where we already have a solid foothold thanks to the global popularity of our products. Recently we named Hubert Larenaudie, formerly of Electronic Arts and Vivendi Universal Games, to the newly appointed -- newly created position of President for Asia. Hubert will be establishing an office in Singapore as the focal point for our Asia operations. His track record of building leading market positions in South Korea, China, Japan, Taiwan, Southeast Asia, and his experience in growing an online games business will be important to our efforts to build critical mass in the Asia-Pacific region.  We have several priorities in the Asia-Pacific market. In addition to expanding distribution in the region for our products and developing a strong presence in Japan, we also intend to establish an online game operation with particular focus on China and Korea. We are confident in Take-Two's ability to achieve growth in Asia and we are proud to have attracted an executive of Hubert’s caliber to help leverage the opportunities we have at Take-Two.  I want to thank our employees for remaining focused during what could have been a very distracting time on developing, marketing, and selling great interactive entertainment and driving value for our stockholders. We are very pleased with 2K’s -- excuse me, with Take-Two's strong performance in the first half of 2008. We are extremely confident in the future of our business.  Take-Two is delivering on the potential we saw when we joined the company only a year ago. We are continuing to invest in great products, expanded creative resources, and a global market presence.  I would like now to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Ben and good afternoon, everyone. I will be covering several topics today. First a review of second quarter results; second, our outlook for fiscal 2008; and third, our guidance for the third and fourth quarter. Let’s look at our Q2 results.  Net revenue was $540 million compared with $205 million a year ago. Non-GAAP net income was $115.4 million compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $29.2 million last year, with earnings per share of $1.52 compared to a loss of $0.41 last year. Please see today’s press release for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP to GAAP numbers.  We are really pleased that we are exceeding our guidance for our fourth quarter in a row. Sales of Grand Theft Auto 4 surpassed our expectations and was the primary reason for our better than expected performance.  Our GAAP results for the second quarter were net income of approximately $98.2 million or $1.29 per share, compared with a net loss of $51.2 million or $0.71 per share in the second quarter of 2007.  Our GAAP results included $12.4 million in stock-based compensation expense and a total of $4.7 million in expenses related to professional fees and legal expenses related to unusual matters, as well as business reorganization costs. Professional fees related to the EA tender offer were $3.4 million of the $4.7 million total.  Our leading title in Q2 was Grand Theft Auto 4, which launched worldwide on April 29th. Other top titles in the quarter were Major League Baseball 2K8, Bully Scholarship Edition, Carnival Games, and Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.  Jack Of All Games business also grew, led by strong current generation hardware and software sales, especially the Wii.  In looking at our consolidated results, our non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 4.2% compared to 25.1% last year. This is primarily due to our revenue mix as publishing was 90% of total revenue and our high margin, internally owned and developed Grand Theft Auto 4 title was a significant percentage of our publishing revenue.  Our split between North America and international revenue was 65% to 35% in Q2. If you back out sports in our distribution business and look at this number for the last 12 months, our North America international revenue split was about 60% to 40%, compared to about 55% to 45% for the same 12 month period a year ago.  Non-GAAP operating expenses in the second quarter were approximately $108 million, up from last year’s second quarter for the following reasons. Sales and marketing expenses accounted for the largest increase in operating expenses year over year, mainly due to the launch of Grand Theft Auto 4 and Bully Scholarship Edition this year. The G&A expenses increased compared to last year due primarily to increased incentive compensation and professional fees and a $3.9 million increase in our provision for bad debt expense. These increases were somewhat offset by approximately $2 million of cost saving initiatives. Our tax expense was primarily for our earnings in our international territories.  Moving on to our balance sheet, at the end of Q2 we had approximately $73 million in cash and $60 million of borrowings on our credit line. Based on our significant GTA 4 sales, we expect to begin to generate cash this quarter as receivables convert to cash.  Our accounts receivable reserve was about $67 million at the end of the quarter, which represented approximately 16% of gross receivables.  Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately $92 million, up from the same period last year due to the significantly higher business volume.  The increase in our software development costs and licenses is primarily related to our key titles planned for release over the next 12 to 18 months. We currently have approximately 33 titles in various stages of development.  Now to our outlook for fiscal 2008 -- we are raising the guidance that we previously provided in March to reflect the better than expected performance of Grand Theft Auto 4, partially offset by the move the first episodic content for GTA 4 for Xbox 360 from fiscal 2008 into fiscal 2009. Additionally, we no longer anticipate reaching profitability in our 2K Sports business in fiscal 2008 and I will discuss that in more detail in a few minutes.  We now expect $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion in revenue and $1.65 to $1.85 in earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis. The primary assumptions underlining the guidance are as follows: we expect the net revenue breakdown in our publishing business to be approximately 70% from Rockstar, 15% from 2K Sports, and 15% from 2K Games and 2K Play. While we have previously expected 2K Sports to turn profitable in fiscal 2008, we are currently forecasting a loss in our sports business.  We experienced lower attach rates than we expected on the increased install base of Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 hardware.  On the expense side, sales and marketing is closely tied to our product releases. We expect a larger marketing spend in absolute dollars in 2008. However, sales and marketing expenses should be relatively stable as a percentage of sale.  R&D expense continues to fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on the products in development. On an annual basis, we expect total R&D expenses to increase about 45%, primarily due to the acquisition of Illusion Software, Mad Dog, and continued investment in our development studios.  We are seeing a significant portion of the expected cost reductions in the G&A area, although the annual benefit of our cost savings initiatives won’t be realized until fiscal 2009. Offsetting the cost efficiencies, our 2008 G&A levels reflect increased professional fees. In addition, we’ll have higher employee incentive compensation expense based on the company’s strong performance and we established a $4 million reserve for bad debt expense in Q2.  Overall, we see 2008 G&A levels increasing by approximately 7% in absolute dollars compared to 2007.  Depreciation and amortization should increase modestly and based on our current forecasts, we anticipate our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be about 10% to 12% in fiscal 2008, and for Q3 and Q4, we expect to show a small tax provision, primarily for our international business.  We are issuing guidance today for the third and fourth quarters. For Q3, we expect non-GAAP net income per share in the range of $0.45 to $0.55 on $325 million to $375 million in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.17 per share and expenses related to unusual matters and reorganization costs of $0.13 per share.  Our Q3 key releases are Sid Meier Civilization Revolution, Top Spin 3, Don King Presents Prizefighter, and Carnival Games on the DS.  Let me discuss some additional data points on our Q3 outlook. We expect our revenue mix to remain heavily weighted towards publishing due to the launch of the Q3 titles I mentioned and the continued strength of Grand Theft Auto 4.  While we expect to see continued strong sales of GTA 4 in Q3, our gross profit margins will decrease slightly due to the launch of several new 2K titles in Q3, and for the full year we expect gross margins of approximately 36%.  On a non-GAAP basis, we expect overall operating expenses to trend up slightly in Q3 as compared to Q2, primarily driven by higher expense for the continued support of Grand Theft Auto 4 and marketing preceding the launch of Midnight Club Los Angeles, as well as our 2K titles.  R&D expense will also increase from Q2 due to the acquisition of Mad Dog. Lower capitalization rates following the release of GTA 4 and a continued investment in our internal studios. These increases will be partially offset by a decrease in G&A expense due to the continued implementation of our cost savings initiatives and the bad debt reserve that was set up during Q2.  For Q4, our key releases are Midnight Club Los Angeles, Bioshock for PlayStation 3, NBA 2K9, NHL 2K9, and Carnival Games Mini-Golf for the Wii.  For Q4, we expect non-GAAP net income per share in the range of $0.10 to $0.20 on $300 million to $350 million in revenue. This includes stock-based compensation expense of $0.18 per share and expenses related to unusual matters and reorganization costs of $0.01 per share.  Our Q4 releases are more broadly distributed among the labels and include our NBA and NHL titles, so we expect gross margin -- gross profit margin to decrease into the low 30s in that quarter.  On a non-GAAP basis, we expect overall operating expenses relatively flat in Q4 as compared to Q3.  Selling and marketing expenses are increasing slightly, primarily driven by higher marketing spend for the continued support of Grand Theft Auto 4, the launch of Midnight Club Los Angeles, as well as the launch of our key sports and other 2K titles.  This increase should be offset by several factors. G&A expense will decrease slightly from Q3 due to our continued cost-savings initiatives and we also expense R&D expense to trend down slightly from Q3 as we see our capitalization rates increase in Q4.  Looking ahead, we are building a strong lineup for fiscal 2009 that will include sequels to some of Rockstar’s Triple A brand and episodic content for Grand Theft Auto 4 and Xbox 360. 2K Games key Triple A titles will include Borderlands, Mafia 2, Bioshock 2, and 2K Sports will deliver their recurring sports titles. 2K Play will publish additional Nick Jr. products under their agreement with Nickelodeon. We’ll be expanding our downloadable content as well as other ancillary revenue streams.  We also expect to see growth in the Asia-Pacific market as a result of our new initiatives in that region.  Fiscal 2009 will also reflect the first full year of our cost savings initiatives and we are very optimistic about our future and the opportunities to further develop shareholder value.  At this point, I will turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie. To summarize, Take-Two's performance for the first half of fiscal 2008 clearly shows the strong results this company is capable of producing and demonstrates our potential for continued value creation. With our diverse portfolio of popular franchises, unparalleled creative talent, and a vastly improved operational and financial picture, Take-Two is in a unique position to capitalize on the opportunities presented by the current industry cycle. We look forward to translating those strengths into increasing value for our stockholders and we’ll now be glad to take your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Eric Handler with Lehman Brothers. 
Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. Given your improved outlook from this year, can you give us a sense of what free cash flow generation might look like? And then secondly, in terms of your Asian expansion, what titles do you expect are going to be the first that you might look to monetize online or lead the charge there?
Benjamin Feder: Your first question with respect to cash flow, we don’t actually provide it, as you know, so I’m going to defer on that one. And with respect to Asia, we have a goal -- well, not a goal but we have some very important and valuable brands that translate very well to Japan, to China, to Korea. We are not in a position yet to describe or to articulate which brands we’ll be leading with, except to say that we think that there’s a huge opportunity for multiple franchises at Take-Two and a bunch of different territories within Asia. And as you know, Asia is a fairly large place. 
Strauss Zelnick: Eric, on the cash flow point, obviously we have disclosed our gross margins a little better than expected and obviously you know that this business generates cash when it does well, and we are certainly doing well. 
Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then just as a follow-up, with Asia should we assume that you are not going to be getting the packaged goods there, most of it -- all of it should be online initiatives?
Benjamin Feder: We tend to follow the market and Japan is really the key market where console -- we tend to be console oriented, although we also launch on PCs but the console market pretty much in Japan -- in Asia is pretty much in Japan and the rest of it is online or PC. 
Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Schachter with UBS. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Congratulations on a nice quarter and a great launch of the game. I’m not sure if you said this at the beginning of the call, but did you give a percentage of revenues from GTA?
Lainie Goldstein: We didn’t give that specific information but I can tell you that GTA 4 and our catalog for GTA in total is approximately 78% of our total publishing revenue in the quarter. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Okay. Just back of the envelope math, that implies an internal royalty rate what, of about 15% or so, 14%, 15%? Is that -- 
Lainie Goldstein: We don’t provide that information, Ben, but in our press release today as well as in our 10-Q, we do break out internal royalties and it’s not all for GTA 4 or for the Rockstar label but it primarily would be for this quarter based on the revenue. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Okay. Strauss, if you could just remind us in terms of the comment you said before about formal talks, just remind us of the process through which you have let the SEC know when you are in talks, or if you have to file something when you are in talks?
Strauss Zelnick: We have to file if and when we are in negotiations, to be specific. Discussions and negotiations, there are terms of art around those and we are in formal discussions right now, not in negotiations. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Okay. Any comments on the FTC, what are the key issues there?
Strauss Zelnick: No, I think we’ve been -- as we’ve said, we’ve endeavored to cooperate as much as possible. We put out some information on that today. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Okay, and then the last question, the music genre, given Rockstar’s heritage, is that an area we should expect that you guys might be interested in?
Strauss Zelnick: Possibly. You know, there’s nothing that we’ve disclosed on the release schedule right now. I think that’s a long conversation and not a short one in terms of where the business is going. You know, is it a music genre, is it a rhythm genre -- it also remains to be seen how that genre holds up over time and that’s terribly important when you invest in triple A properties that you expect people to play for upwards of 20 hours. So probably a better conversation to have over a cup of coffee, but the answer is the release schedule doesn’t include any rhythm titles right now. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Well, I will take you up on that and thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: My congratulations too on the outstanding launch of GTA 4. I was wondering if you could tell us what the current level of cash is following collection of some of the receivables on GTA 4. And also on the 33 titles that you have in development, could we get a platform breakdown? And also, the level of R&D staff at the end of the quarter and where you expect that to be at the end of the year, at the end of the fiscal year?
Lainie Goldstein: I’ll take the first question first on the current level of our cash. We provided our balance sheet information as of Q2 today and we do provide our cash on a quarterly basis but we don’t provide mid-quarter updates, but our cash will be significantly higher by the end of Q3 as our orders that we received for GTA 4 convert into cash, which we mentioned earlier. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and a platform breakdown on the number of titles?
Lainie Goldstein: I’ll have to get back to you on that, Ed. I don’t have that in front of me. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then lastly, just the R&D stuff at the end of the quarter and where you expect that to be at year-end?
Lainie Goldstein: At the end of the quarter, we’re about 1,350 employees and I don’t have the exact forecast for year-end but it would probably be about that number or growing slightly based on our development schedule. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Gikas with Piper Jaffray.
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon, guys. Great job during the quarter. A few questions -- I’ll start out with some GTA type questions. Could you share with us what GTA 4 was shipped or sold on an international basis? Number two, can you talk a little bit about where the development of the downloadable or episodic content for GTA 4 is? Is that well along in terms of completion there? And then perhaps anything that you could share with us in terms of pricing of that episodic content as that starts to roll out in the new fiscal year? And then I have a follow-up. 
Benjamin Feder: In terms of GTA, pretty much all of it is kind of a typical international versus domestic breakdown. It pretty much followed the typical pattern for our games and that means slightly over 50% for the U.S., just over 50%. So rough rule of thumb, about half and half. And that’s rough.  On the episodic content, I think the question you are asking is kind of is there an issue in the game? The reason we moved the episodic content into FY09 is really for portfolio balancing more than anything else, and we don’t anticipate any issues with the release of that, other than delaying it for portfolio balancing reasons.  And your price -- and the question on pricing for the title, we haven’t disclosed that yet and aren’t prepared to do so today. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Was the episodic content developed alongside the game, so there really isn’t a lot to kind of finishing it or is that in sort of a separate project?
Benjamin Feder: You know, it’s the same team developing it and the same studio that is developing it, but again the delay is not about development issues. The delay is about portfolio balancing issues. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and then last question on GTA -- any update for us or announcement on a potential handheld version of GTA 4?
Benjamin Feder: Nothing to announce today, sorry. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then how did Jack Of All Games perform in the quarter? Is there anything you can share there in terms of the profitability of that business? Are you still seeking any alternatives for that division?
Lainie Goldstein: Jack Of All Games did very well this quarter. Their margins are running from the mid to high -- I’m sorry, mid- to high-single-digits and we are still working on gaining efficiencies in the business and we don’t have any current plans to sell the business. We are really working on running the business as efficiently as possible. 
Strauss Zelnick: And things are going well. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay, so that would be a 5% to 10% gross margin, is that what you are talking about?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, gross margin. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then last question, could you just talk a little bit about what types of partnerships that the company is considering at this point? Is this intellectual properties or development partnerships, distribution?
Strauss Zelnick: I’m not sure -- in what context are you asking about partnerships?
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: In the context -- earlier in the call you said that you were, you know, the company was seeking strategic alternatives. I guess in that context. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, basically we’ve said we have our eyes open to anything that maximize stockholder value, including remaining independent or possibly business combinations or anything else that might come up as we examine those alternatives. We really can’t be anymore specific than that right now. 
Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey, Janco Partners.
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Hey, guys. Congratulations on a wonderful quarter and certainly congratulations to the Rockstar team for putting a tremendous title into the market. It’s absolutely awesome. Just curious on your guidance for Q3, if I understand that right 78% of your publishing sales for the quarter were from Grand Theft Auto 4 and catalog. It was about $380 million or so I think. And thinking about average wholesale price is $56, it would be about 5.7 million units shipped in Q2. Does that sound about right?
Lainie Goldstein: No, it’s a little on the high side there. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, because you’ve already shipped 11 million units through May 31st, right?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, so even if I’m high, if I assume that you have about 5 million units that go into this quarter, average wholesale price is $56, that’s getting into about $330 million in sales and that’s within your guidance range already?
Lainie Goldstein: Could you repeat the question, Mike? I’m not sure I’m following you. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: If you’ve shipped 6 million units roughly, and that’s high for Q2, and Q3 you said that through May 31st, you’ve shipped 11, so if I net our 5 and assume an average wholesale price of $56, wouldn’t that be about $330 million in sales?
Lainie Goldstein: Mike, I’m sorry, I didn’t hear you the first time. The number you gave me for the units I thought you said was a different number, so you are actually a little bit low there for Q2. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: I’m a little low for Q2?
Lainie Goldstein: Yeah, you’re pretty low. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. 
Benjamin Feder: Mike, not to build your model on the call here, but -- 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: All right. It just looks like it’s a little conservative. 
Benjamin Feder: We announced for first week sales would sell through to consumers. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Right. Okay. 
Benjamin Feder: Let’s not build your model on the call. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. And then if you could just give us a little bit of color how your development teams are working through EA’s hostile bid?
Strauss Zelnick: I think we’ve demonstrated that despite distractions, everyone has their head down and a smile on their face and is getting the job done, and we are very -- immensely grateful to the team, to the Rockstar Label, to the 2K label, to all of our management, our sales management, distribution management, and corporate management worldwide for staying focused on the job at hand and staying focused on building this company and building shareholder value. And that’s our job and I think everyone’s done a remarkable job staying focused and we are -- as I said, we are immensely grateful for the team’s terrific work under not insignificant pressure. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Yes, thanks for taking my call. Two, if I might; first, can you talk about what’s changed in the sports business since we last talked, that now it’s not going to make break-even? And then, can you give us a sense of the scale of the expected loss for the fiscal year? And then secondly, if I look at everything you’ve done on the revitalization plan that you set out in kind of the first 100 day call, it sounds like you made all of it except for the sports element. Could you talk about what else you might go attack next in the business, either over the next year or if you have the opportunity to do this in the next three years? What else can you -- that you’ve seen in the year you’ve been there of where you can take the business? Thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: On the sports side, the primary reasons for our lack of profitability were lower attach rates than we expected on the increased installed base of Xbox 360 and PS3 hardware, and we made some changes in the release schedule that obviously reduced the revenue a bit.  I think you asked how serious is it and the answer is you know, we take our job seriously across the board. As I said earlier, this was a work in progress. We are committed to the sports business and we feel like we are going to get there and we are disappointed that we haven’t gotten across the finish this year. We are keeping focused on doing just that. How are we going to do it? Continuing to make the best titles in the business that rate better than the competition head to head. I think we have the best developers in the business and I believe we can continue to do that.  In terms of your comments about the 100 day plan, I guess maybe we are a little more self-critical than you were. This is a wonderful organization and everyone here also agrees we can do better, and some of the opportunities that we’ve outlined previously are really going to be market driven. They are going to benefit everyone in the market. This business becomes more of a multi-player business, there’s an opportunity for micropayments and subscription businesses. There’s really terrific economic opportunities out there.  Our focus is on delighting our consumers. Our focus is in bringing consumers what they want and our experience is if you give consumers what they want and you delight them, then you tend to do well economically also.  So there are any number of areas that we are pursuing. I think we’ve talked today about the ones about which we are most excited. Ben talked about our initiatives in Asia. That is after all the second largest market on Earth for interactive entertainment and we need to participate in that market. In general, we think international is a big growth area.  You know, when we talk about being the most creative, the most efficient, and the most innovative, you know I think we do have the most creative company here. Our vast collection of owned intellectual property and our unparalleled development team speak for themselves.  I do think we have the most efficient organization pound for pound in this business. I am really proud of the steps this team has taken to do so and to do that for our business. I think we still have a long way to go in innovation. I think we all feel that we do and frankly, we want to turn our attention to that and are turning our attention to that and that’s not something that delivers results overnight. It is something that delivers results over time.  One of the most wonderful things about interactive entertainment is as exciting a time as this for the Take-Two organization at large, the wind’s at our back and there’s a lot of interesting stuff that is going to happen in the next few years in this business. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Great, thanks, and just to clarify the sport question, the second part of my comment there or question there was can you give us a sense of the scale of what the loss will be this year?
Strauss Zelnick: You know, we don’t break it out but obviously we are having -- you know, we’re having a terrifically sound year and our guidance today reflects that, so I think you can arrive at your own conclusions. 
Benjamin Feder: In the context of everything else that is going on in the company, it’s certainly something that we can manage -- but the guidance [kinds of speak for itself]. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Got it. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeetil Patel with Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you. Two questions -- I’m not sure how simple this would be to do but would you ever look at divesting different labels or brands to 2K Sports or the games division, just to maximize shareholder value as you go through this process? And second, can you just remind us what your NOLs look like for U.S. and international? Thank you. 
Strauss Zelnick: I don’t think it would maximize shareholder value to piece apart the company and we really would be -- you know, we’d be loathe to do that because we don’t think it’s how you create value in this business.  On the NOLs, Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: We don’t share our NOL balance on a quarterly basis but it is in our 10-K at the end of the year, but I can tell you that we did use some of our NOLs this quarter with our income, and we do disclose in our 10-Q that we’ve reduced our valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets by approximately $24.5 million, which you can assume is primarily a reduction for the NOL. 
Strauss Zelnick: Does that answer your question?
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank: No, that helps. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company.
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: Thanks. Could you talk a little bit about the Bioshock movie deal in terms of what kind of financial impact it might have? How much creative control do you and 2K Games have over the movie and is it fair to presume the movie won’t be released in time to coincide with the launch of Bioshock 2? Thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: We are really excited about it but we definitely did structure this deal so that we have no economic exposure or risk. The economic exposure or risk is being borne by our production partner, Universal Pictures. We are very pleased with the upside that we -- the economic upside that we have but we really haven’t -- you know, we obviously have a sense of what it is. It is not something that we normally disclose. We do feel it is something that could be very beneficial but it is at this point pretty speculative.  I think you’re right. It’s unlikely that the picture would be released coincident with Bioshock 2. It will be more likely that it would be released coincident with Bioshock 3. That also remains to be seen.  That said, we took enormous pains to do a couple of things that haven’t been done before in the business. One is that we went directly to the studio partner. We didn’t go through a production intermediary. A number of us around the table have a little bit of motion picture experience so we felt that was the best way to handle it. And we also attached to the picture up-front an A-plus producing and directing talent in Gore Verbinski, who is highly committed to getting this picture made and we also set the picture up at Universal because they are highly committed to getting the picture made.  So to the extent that the picture does well, we are all going to be very happy with the results and we tried very hard to put together a package that ensures that our millions of fans are going to be able to see a Bioshock movie on the big screen. That’s pretty exciting. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: Great, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Strauss Zelnick for closing comments. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, listen, obviously we all feel terrifically gratified by the results. You know, at the risk of being repetitive, what we do around here at Take-Two is a team sport and everyone on this call today, Ben, myself, Lainie, Cindy, you know, want to thank all of our colleagues all around the world for their incredible performance. I want to emphasize the contribution of Rockstar Games and all the terrific people there who just sweated blood to make this happen, frankly as well as the entire Take-Two staff around the world that made sure we got this game into the hands of the millions of consumers so far.  This is the new Take-Two and we are awfully proud to be sitting at the table together, so thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-03-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Cindy Buckwalter - Executive Vice President Strauss Zelnick - Chairman of the Board Benjamin Feder - Chief Executive Officer, Director Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Heath Terry - Credit Suisse Benjamin Schachter - UBS Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation Mike Hickey - Janco Partners Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive first quarter 2008 results. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindy Buckwalter, Executive Vice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter. You may begin. 
Cindy Buckwalter: Thank you. Welcome and thank you all for joining us for today’s call.  Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of and assumptions made by our management and information currently available to us at this time. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors, including the risks related to Electronic Arts’ unsolicited acquisition proposal. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2007, and our 10-Q for the first quarter ended January 31, 2008, which we are filing today. These filings may be obtained from our website at www.taketwogames.com or by contacting the SEC.  Today’s one-hour call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Chairman of Take-Two; Ben Feder, our CEO; and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. We are also joined by Seth Krauss, our Chief Legal Counsel. The entire team will be available to answer questions you may have during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks.  Now let me turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Cindy and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Before we review Take-Two's results for the first quarter, I want to take this opportunity to offer our perspective on Electronic Arts’ unsolicited $26 per share proposal to acquire our company. While we have no new information today beyond our prior public statements and filings, we feel it’s important to reiterate the position of our board of directors. That position simply is that EA’s proposal undervalued the company and wasn’t in the best interests of Take-Two's stockholders. In addition, while our board expressed a willingness to discuss the matter with Electronic Arts after the release of Grand Theft Auto IV in April, they refused.  To be more specific, the EA proposal failed to value fully Take-Two's extensive portfolio of top-selling brands and our extraordinary creative and [human assets]. It ignored the tremendous operational progress we’ve made in the past year and our solid plan going forward. It was substantially lower than the values according comparable companies and creative assets by Electronic Arts and by the market as a whole. And it failed to compensate Take-Two shareholders for any of the synergies EA would receive from the business combination.  I think it’s worthwhile to spend a moment considering these points since they bear on our discussion today. Any review of Take-Two's value has to start with our interactive entertainment franchises and the extraordinary creative teams who bring them to consumers and delight consumers. We have one of the highest quality product lines in the industry according to Metacritic rankings. Our franchises are some of the most popular, durable, and valuable brands in the business and we think those brands will only grow in value as the current console cycle reaches its full potential over the coming years.  A chief source of value is our Grand Theft Auto franchise. It sold over 66 million units to date. It’s not only Take-Two's biggest hit -- it’s the industry’s biggest hit. The release of Grand Theft Auto IV is now about seven weeks away and anticipation is running high, both in terms of the game play experience that’s expected and the revenue and profit potential. We are highly confident that Grand Theft Auto IV will exceed the expectations of even the game’s most devoted fans and that it will set a new milestone for this incredibly valuable franchise.  In addition to Grand Theft Auto, our uniquely valuable franchises include over 20 other brands that have sold over a million units each. More than half of these are internally owned and developed and we believe our proprietary intellectual property is among the best in the industry. To cite just a few examples among our established franchises, Midnight Club has sold over 11.5 million units; Max Payne, over 7 million units; Civilization, over 8 million units; Mafia, over 2 million units. And the initial versions, the first releases of our newer franchises have also performed extremely well. This is just the beginning for Bioshock, which has sold over 2 million units; Red Dead, Manhunt, and Bully, over 1.5 million units, and Carnival Games, over a million units and selling well.  And our sports franchises have been highly successful and we are really proud of how sports is doing -- the NBA 2KA franchise, nearly 6 million units; the MLB 2K franchise approaching 5 million units.  As long-term followers of Take-Two know, we began a significant revitalization effort early in 2007 and even though it’s just a short time later, we’ve already begun to see significant and positive impact on our effectiveness and our productivity. To highlight just a few of the areas in which we’ve made enormous strides: we implemented a more streamlined and efficient operating structure, including $25 million in annual cost efficiencies. You are seeing the benefit of those now.  We instituted a disciplined product investment review process. We restructured our international operations to create a more efficient and responsive global sales and marketing organization.  We consolidated 2K Games and 2K Sports on the West Coast to increase the efficiency and better support the growth of these labels. We sold the non-core Joytech business. We secured a $140 million line of credit in a challenging lending market and we’ve made significant progress in resolving legacy legal and regulatory issues.  The fact is Take-Two is a profoundly different and stronger company today as a result of these initiatives. We are poised to reap the benefits of these actions in the near and long-term.  To summarize, the entire team at Take-Two is working hard to enhance the value of our business through our extraordinary creative talent, our irreplaceable intellectual property, and our ongoing operational improvements. Our board recognizes its responsibility to manage the company in accordance with the best interest of our stockholders and I would like to emphasize that we’ll continue to do so.  And now Ben will review some of the highlights for the first quarter and we’ll provide our outlook for the remainder of 2008 and some insight into 2009. Ben. 
Benjamin Feder: Thanks, Strauss. We’re extremely pleased that once again we outperformed our expectations. Net revenue was over $240 million, beating the upper end of our guidance. On a non-GAAP basis, the net loss per share was negative $0.41 and exceeded the most optimistic end of our range by $0.09.  As a result of the positive first quarter developments and our strong pipeline, we are raising our fiscal 2008 guidance today. Lainie will detail our guidance and review our first quarter performance later in the call but I’d like to make a few observations.  With no major new release during Q1, the majority of our revenue came from our strong catalog. We benefited from the sales of three internally owned and internally developed titles, namely Bioshock, Carnival Games, and Manhunt 2.  Grand Theft Auto was also a significant contributor, both from catalog sales of various GTA titles and from the release in Japan of Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories on PS2 and PSP.  NBA 2K8 was also a key contributor in the quarter and significantly outranked the competing product and outsold the competition on next gen platforms. The performance of these catalog titles underscores the significant value of our internally owned IP, which we believe is among the strongest in the business, and our ability to leverage that IP through sequels and product extensions.  Our distribution business rose in Q1, led by strong demand for next-gen software and hardware. From a cost standpoint, we realized meaningfully lower G&A expenses in Q1 on a non-GAAP basis compared to both Q1 last year and our fourth quarter. This reflects the continuing positive impact of our revitalization and our cost reduction initiatives.  Our pipeline for fiscal 2008 clearly demonstrates the strength of our IP and the diversity of our product range. For example, last month 2KPlay, our new label targeting the family game segment, released Go Diego Do: Safari Rescue for Wii and PS2, and Dora the Explorer: Dora Saves the Mermaids, also on PS2.  Last week, Rockstar shipped Bully: Scholarship Edition for Xbox 360 and Wii. The title has been very well-received by the game press, and 2KSports released Major League Baseball 2K8 on multiple platforms simultaneously.  For the remainder of fiscal 2008, our lineup is one of the strongest in the industry. It provides significant revenue visibility with a strong pipeline of proven brands, as well as several new titles.  In addition to the eagerly awaited Grand Theft Auto IV, our lineup includes Midnight Club: Los Angeles, episodic content for Grand Theft Auto on Xbox 360, Sid Meier’s Civilization: Revolution, Top Spin 3, Don King Presents Prizefighter, Carnival Games for DS, and as we announced today, Carnival Games: Mini-Golf exclusively for the Wii and our complete sports lineup.  The anticipation for Grand Theft Auto IV is rapidly building. The product previews reflect the phenomenal game play, huge open world environments, irreverent humor, and an incredible soundtrack that the series is known for. Unlike any previous Grand Theft Auto game, Grand Theft Auto will include a multi-player feature that promise to make this GTA experience the best and longest lasting that the series has ever known.  We’ve received significant pre-orders from retailers that are better than expected and we expect a very strong worldwide launch on April 29th.  We are also excited about the customer and retailer feedback for Midnight Club: Los Angeles, which we are shipping in Q4. We recently returned from the Destination PlayStation industry event and the response from retail was fantastic.  Consistent with our strategy, we have continued to strengthen our portfolio of brands and acquired the Illusion Softworks studio in January. Illusion is based in the Czech Republic and has been renamed 2K Czech. They are the creator and owner of several hit franchises, including Mafia, which sold over 2 million units in its first installment, as well as Hidden and Dangerous and Vietcong. 2K Czech is working on Mafia 2 for fiscal 2009 and while we previously published this title on a third-party basis, we now will have the advantage of owning this IP.  The Illusion acquisition brings us further scale not only in terms of valuable properties but also extends our global pool of industry-leading creative talent to a new region. This studio has approximately 160 developers.  Our fiscal 2009 pipeline is shaping up nicely and will be another strong year for Take-Two. In addition to Mafia 2, we have additional episodic content for Grand Theft Auto for Xbox 360, sequels to some of Rockstar’s Triple A titles, our complete sports lineup, and several new brands.  We are very pleased to announce today Bioshock 2, the sequel to our wholly-owned and internally developed from 2K that has sold over 2 million units since its launch in August. The title is being developed by 2K Marin and is planned for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009.  We also announced today that we will be releasing Borderlands in fiscal 2009. We think the timing of this highly anticipated game provides a better balance among our triple A titles and further strengthens our fiscal 2009 release schedule.  I’ll conclude by reiterating the points made earlier regarding the value of our creative portfolio, global talent base and increasingly efficient organizational structure. Take-Two is strongly positioned to benefit from the positive trends in our industry. We’ll continue to work to transform our strength into increasing value from shareholders and we are intently focused on making Take-Two the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient company in our industry.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Ben and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll be covering several topics today. First, a review of first quarter results; second, our outlook for fiscal 2008; and third, our guidance for the second quarter.  Let’s look at our Q1 results. Net revenue was $240 million compared with $277 million a year ago. Non-GAAP net loss was $30.3 million compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $10.3 million last year, with a loss per share of $0.41 compared to a loss of $0.14 last year. Please see today’s press release for a reconciliation of our non-GAAP to GAAP numbers.  We are pleased that we exceeded our guidance for a third quarter in a row. Sales of Carnival Games surpassed our expectations, as did our catalog sales. Jack of All Games top line performance was also better than expected.  Our GAAP results for the first quarter were a net loss of approximately $38 million, or $0.52 per share, compared with a loss of $21.5 million, or $0.30 per share in the first quarter of 2007. Our GAAP results included $6.1 million in stock-based compensation expense and a total of $1.7 million in business reorganization costs and expenses related to unusual legal matters.  As expected, our decline in revenue year over year was due to a decrease in publishing sales, as we had fewer new releases this quarter compared to the prior year. Our leading titles in Q1 were Carnival Games, NBA 2K8, Bioshock, and GTA catalog titles. Our sports business was once again a strong contributor to revenue, representing about 26% of our publishing revenue. Jack of All Games business also grew, led by strong next-gen hardware and software sales.  In looking at our consolidated results, our non-GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 22.9% compared to 26.6% last year. The decrease in our gross margin compared to last year is primarily due to our revenue mix. Distribution was a greater percentage of revenue compared to Q1 of last year and the significant percentage of our publishing revenue was comprised of catalog titles instead of major new releases.  In addition, gross margins were slightly lower than we expected as a result of approximately $5.9 million of accelerate amortization of capitalized software and licenses due to reduced sales expectations for certain titles.  Our split between North America and international revenue was 84% to 16% in Q1. Our sports and distribution businesses skew these numbers relative to our peers because these businesses are primarily North American based.  If you back out sports and distribution and look at this number for the last 12 months, our North America/international revenue split was about 60% to 40% compared to about 56% to 44% for the same 12 month period a year ago.  Non-GAAP operating expenses in the first quarter were approximately $80.5 million, down from last year’s first quarter. G&A expenses accounted for the largest reduction year over year, mainly due to our cost savings initiatives. Sales and marketing expenses decreased as a result of lower advertising spend as we had fewer new releases. These reductions were somewhat offset by an increase in R&D expense resulting from continued investment in our studios and the acquisition of Illusion Softworks.  We’re not showing any tax benefit on our losses. As we said on previous calls, due to our domestic cumulative losses for the past three years, we are required to record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets. We had a provision for taxes in the first quarter because we were a taxpayer in some of our international territories.  I’d like to highlight a few areas of our performance. We have shipped over 1 million units of Carnival Games. U.S. sales of NBA 2K8 for PlayStation 3 and 360 combined have outsold sales of NBA Live for those platforms according to NPD, and our strong catalog sales further prove the significant value of our internally owned brands.  Moving on to our balance sheet, at the end of Q1 we had approximately $54 million in cash and $36 million of borrowings on our credit line. Based on our forecast cash needs, we expect to draw down on the line further in Q2 and then we will begin to generate cash in Q3 following the release of Grand Theft Auto IV.  Our accounts receivable reserve was about $53 million at the end of the quarter, which represented approximately 46% of gross receivables. Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately $82 million, which is comparable to Q1 of last year. The increase in our software development costs and licenses is primarily related to the key titles planned or release over the next 12 to 18 months. This includes Grand Theft Auto IV, Midnight Club: Los Angeles, Civilization: Revolution, and Borderlands. We currently have approximately 35 titles in various stages of development.  Now to our outlook for fiscal 2008; we are raising the guidance that we previously provided in December. We now expect $1.25 billion to $1.4 billion in revenue and $1.35 to $1.55 per share on a non-GAAP basis. The key assumptions underlying that guidance were provided in our Q3 conference call on September 10th and those assumptions are still valid today with one exception; R&D expense will increase by approximately 30% over the prior year compared to our previous estimate of a 25% increase, primarily due to the acquisition of Illusion Softworks and the continued investment in our development studios.  The key factors in raising our fiscal 2008 guidance are our Q1 results exceeded our forecasts and the preorders and initial gamer feedback on Grand Theft Auto IV has been even better than expected.  These factors were slightly offset by our decision to release Borderlands next year to further strengthen our release schedule for fiscal 2008. Also, Midnight Club: Los Angeles was initially planned for release this spring. We moved the title to the fourth quarter to leverage the retail strength leading into the key holiday selling season and in order to provide some distance from the release of Grand Theft Auto IV.  We are issuing guidance today for the 2008 second quarter. We expect non-GAAP income per share in the range of $1 to $1.10 on $450 million to $500 million in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.16 per share and reorganization costs and expenses related to unusual legal matters of $0.04 per share.  Let me discuss some additional data points on our Q2 outlook. We expect our revenue mix to be heavily weighted towards publishing for the release of Grand Theft Auto IV. This should result in increased gross profit margins of about 38% compared to 25% in Q2 of last year. For the full year, we continue to expect gross margins of approximately 35%.  We expect overall operating expenses to trend up in Q2 as compared to Q1, primarily driven by higher marketing spend for the release of Grand Theft Auto IV. In addition, G&A expense increased slightly from Q1 due to a foreign exchange gain in that quarter.  As for taxes, we expect to show a provision for taxes in Q2 for our international business only.  While we are not yet providing guidance for Q3 and Q4, I can provide some color on the expected timing of the remainder of our key fiscal 2008 titles that we have announced. For Q3, our key releases are: Sid Meier’s Civilization: Revolution, Top Spin 3, Don King Presents Prizefighter, and Carnival Games on the DS.  For Q4, our key releases are Midnight Club: Los Angeles, NBA 2K9, NHL 2K9, Carnival Games: Mini-Golf for the Wii, and Grand Theft Auto IV episodic content.  While it’s early to give guidance for fiscal 2009, we’d like to provide some color on the year. We are building a robust lineup that will include sequels to some of Rockstar’s triple A brands and additional episodic content for Grand Theft Auto IV on Xbox 360.  2KGames key triple A titles will include Borderlands, Mafia 2, and Bioshock 2. 2KPlay will publish additional Nick Jr. titles under their agreement with Nickelodeon and rounding out our lineup will be our recurring sports business. We also expect to leverage the growing opportunities in emerging markets and will expand our downloadable content business as well as other ancillary revenue streams.  Fiscal 2009 will also reflect the first full year of our cost savings initiative. We are very optimistic about our future and the opportunities to further build shareholder value.  At this point, I’ll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie. I think you’ll all understand our great confidence in the value being created at Take-Two by our exceptionally talented people, our industry leading franchises, and our successful revitalization efforts. We’ll continue to manage the company for the benefit of our stockholders and we are highly optimistic about our future. We’ll now take any questions you may have. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Credit Suisse. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you. I guess one just kind of housekeeping issue; the $5 million in accelerated depreciation, can you let us know what titles that was driven off of? And then Lainie, as you were talking about the key titles for ’09, it was kind of noticeable that there were not Rockstar titles that were mentioned there. I guess if you guys could talk about how you plan on managing Rockstar’s pipeline. We’ve got two Rockstar titles coming out this year. Is that generally going to be the run-rate that we would expect? And then, now that GTA is done, if you can give us an idea of what your goal is in terms of the next iteration of that title. 
Lainie Goldstein: Heath, the acceleration of the amortization, we don’t share those specific titles when we do that but we do look at the projected sales of certain titles and that’s how the acceleration happens by title, based on the projected future sales of those titles. 
Benjamin Feder: And Heath, apropos of the run-rate from Rockstar, I wouldn’t draw that conclusion. We actually said that we would -- there’d be at least one title coming out of Rockstar, one major triple A title coming out of Rockstar in 2009. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Okay, but that’s the only one that we -- we should only expect one?
Benjamin Feder: That’s the only one we’re announcing today. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Benjamin Schachter with UBS Securities. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: I just want to go over a few things. One, now that the game is basically done, should we expect any meaningful differences in how it plays on PS3 versus Xbox 360? Also, I noticed that there’s no football here. Is that -- are you out of the football business? And then I believe in one of the footnotes here, it talks about $2 million options going to ZelnickMedia. I was wondering if that had already been announced or where that’s coming from. Thanks. 
Benjamin Feder: In terms of PS3 versus 360, the games will be identical with the exception of if there is a -- if there are differences on the platforms, you may see some of that. So for example, there is a slightly warmer color palette on the PS3 but beyond that, they’ll be identical games. And then obviously the exclusive content on Xbox 360, the periodic content after the game is released. So that’s Xbox 360.  Strauss, do you want to talk about the ZelnickMedia?
Strauss Zelnick: I’m not sure I understand your question. There are no new option grants. You may be referring to our initial management agreement had roughly 2 million, just a hair over 2 million shares of options granted, divested over a period of time. That’s about a year old. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Okay, and then on football?
Benjamin Feder: On football, we’re looking at it. We took it out of -- it’s not on the schedule today but we’re continuing to evaluate our options there. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Good evening. Thanks for taking the call. First question on the ongoing restructuring efforts; obviously you’ve hit some of the low-hanging fruit and taking cost out of the business. I’m just wondering if you think there’s any additional headroom to remove costs from the operations and/or perhaps there are certain product sets or studios that are still a drag to P&L that you might be trying to break even, or perhaps just cut out all together, looking at the going forward operating model. And then another question on the potential lineup, anything to read out of the recent news of a Max Payne film production? Any insight into when that might be [a game again]? Thanks. 
Benjamin Feder: On the costs, just to be clear, we’ve done our restructuring and we think we have a very lean and efficient organization. That said, we’ve stated a willingness, an interest, and an ability to continue to drive efficiencies, and those would be driven really through third-party vendor costs and outside [costs]. This is a growth business. We think we have the best people in the business and the best intellectual property in the business and we’ve stated a desire to grow our business, and so no, quite the opposite. There is no drag at the studios. We have the right studios. We now have them in the right places and if we could continue to hire the quality of people that we’ve been able to attract and keep at this company, we’d be very interested in hiring more of them. And I think you should expect to see opportunities like that in the future. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: And sports is near or approaching break-even?
Benjamin Feder: We are in the same position on sports we were before, which is to say we expected it to be a contributor this year and we feel good about the way sports is performing. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: So you think sports could be a contributor to earnings in this coming fiscal year, or this fiscal year now?
Benjamin Feder: We’ve said that before and that’s still the case. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Great. Max Payne?
Benjamin Feder: In terms of Max Payne, it’s -- what’s the word? We will sell no wine before it’s time. It’s a little early to comment on any particular title but we have a lot of interesting things going on. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Taylor with Arcadia Investment Corporation.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: I’ve got a couple of things as well. I wonder, on the balance sheet you’ve got an income tax payable line of $28 million at the end of the quarter and it doesn’t look like that was the case in October. Can you explain what that’s related to?
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. That’s a reclassification due to our adoption of FIN-48 during the quarter, so we were forced to reclassify our reserves for our uncertain tax positions and move it to a long-term, so it’s out of our accrued expenses and it’s in an income tax payable in the long-term asset section. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay. Is that subject to future performance or anything, or is that a real payable at this point?
Lainie Goldstein: No, that’s a -- it’s an income tax reserve. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, and primarily related to international?
Lainie Goldstein: Not necessarily. It’s overall reserves on the overall business. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay. But at the same time, you’ve got some NOLs in the U.S. It’s probably a pretty significant number right now?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, that’s true. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Can you give us what that is?
Lainie Goldstein: We don’t share the specific NOL number but you’ve seen our losses over the last couple of years, so it’s significant. So we’re not -- we’re currently still not a U.S. taxpayer and we don’t plan to be next year either. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Right. Okay and then, could you quantify the catalog? Was it like all of the sales? I don’t remember if you had anything fresh in the first quarter.
Lainie Goldstein: We did. We had College Hoops ship during the first quarter and we had Dora the Explorer and Go Diego Go ship, and we also had the reorders from Bioshock and Carnival Games was a huge hit this quarter for us. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Right, so the catalog as a percent of published revenue was exactly what or pretty close to what? Percentage wise, maybe?
Benjamin Feder: About 44%.
Lainie Goldstein: Forty-four percent. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Of published?
Lainie Goldstein: Of publishing, yes. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, great. And then, when you report your numbers in the second quarter, it looks like we’re going to have some profitability so what’s the full dilution count going to look like when that happens?
Lainie Goldstein: It’s going to be about 75 million shares. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, great. And then, there’s been some press coverage of a severance plan being discussed or put into place in case of a change of control. I wonder if you could tell us how many people that’s likely to cover and kind of what the annual cost of that group of salaries would total.
Strauss Zelnick: I’ll answer the first part. It really only takes care of about 10% of the work force. The senior management was already covered by employment agreements in prior plans and the tier four employees were also covered by prior plans, so it represents about 10% of the work force and we’re not discussing an actual number.  The plan, by the way, is relatively typical for the industry and relatively typical among our direct competitors. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Right, okay. And so I assume you qualify for that by length of service kind of thing? Is that triggered by length of service with the company or is it a salary -- I mean, what’s the cut-off? How do you determine that 10%?
Benjamin Feder: I think what Strauss is referring to; the plan covers the entire company. There are different tiers that we’ve outlined and the tier four tier, which is the lowest tier on the pyramid, is dependent on the number of years of service contributed to the company and your severance depends on that.  Senior executives, a lot of senior executives are already covered under contracts and I think that’s what Strauss was referring to. 
Strauss Zelnick: I was referring to the incremental cost of the plan. Sorry about that. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, great. 
Benjamin Feder: And then the overall cost obviously depends on, you know, in the event of a change of control, in the event certain things happen, it’s hard to -- you know, you can model it out but there is no absolute number that I can give you today. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Yeah, okay. All right, and then -- let me see -- do you guys have a date or can you confirm that GTA IV has gone gold at this point?
Benjamin Feder: We are confirming our release date of April 29th. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: When do you expect -- or has it gone gold yet?
Benjamin Feder: We don’t release that information. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay. All right and then my last question, actually I have two more housekeeping. One, could you give us the inventory breakdown between publishing and distribution at the end of the quarter?
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. The mix is 65% distribution and 35% publishing. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, great. And then it looks like you are combining capitalized development and license cost. I wonder if you could break those out for us long-term, current and long-term?
Benjamin Feder: We don’t have -- if you want, you can follow-up with Lainie afterwards. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay. Okay, good. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey with Janco Partners.
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the quarter. Curious on 2K Marin. I thought that studio was created for original IP and why Bioshock is moving to 2K Marin? And what is Ken up to? Is he still attached to that name? And then if 2K Boss in Australia are not working on Bioshock 2, obviously we’ve heard they are working on a different game. Is that something that we can model in the next year?
Benjamin Feder: You know, Ken is a terrific asset in the company and he’s a brilliant game developer. We’re really excited to have him. He’s working on -- he will be working on Bioshock 2 and he will be working on the new IP. A lot of the work will be done at 2K Marin but that’s not to say Ken is not involved. We think he’s critical to Bioshock and he’s critical to new IP in the company. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, and then -- so then 2K Boss in Australia, they’re working on one game then with a little bit of time spent on Bioshock 2, or -- 
Benjamin Feder: Yeah, they are working on another game. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. And then you said that -- I think you said pre-orders for GTA IV were a little bit elevated relative to your original expectations. Is there a catalyst in your view for that?
Benjamin Feder: Look, it’s getting a lot of publicity. I couldn’t tell you what the catalyst was. We kind of see it -- we see it from preorders just on the numbers. Obviously the platforms are selling great. They seem to be resistant to any downward pressure in the market overall and I think consumers will probably tell you that they are nervous that there is not going to be enough when it comes out, but we are doing everything we can to get the game out. It’s a great game. We think it’s getting a lot of great publicity and we think it’s just selling better than expected. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, and when you guys modeled for your preorders, was that -- did you kind of index that against prior GTA releases and the preorders there or was that something different?
Benjamin Feder: We did a lot of modeling around here. We take it from a lot of different angles. Lainie and her team are fairly sophisticated when it comes to this stuff, so we -- there’s obviously when you are in a hit-based business, there’s always a range of outcomes that you expect but -- and you know, when you have early data, a lot of the ultimate data depends on what the early data is and so the early data is positive and as a result, we think the ultimate data will be positive. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay, and then last question on your release date for GTA IV, April 29th, not -- I can’t think of any other videogame that would compete there but certainly on the cinema side, that’s the start of the box office summer season and you have at least one tent pole coming out that weekend. Do you think that in any way kind of cramps your initial potential there or -- 
Benjamin Feder: Not in the least. I think this is a title that stands by itself. You know, when we first moved the title out from Christmas season, the feedback that we got from the marketplace and from consumers and retail channels was that this game stands on its own. It will withstand any competition either within the videogame business or outside the videogame business. 
Mike Hickey - Janco Partners: Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz with Cowen & Company. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: Thanks. Briefly, when you guys first came in a year ago, I think one of your priorities was trying to negotiate a new contract with Rockstar and obviously that got pushed back to the GTA IV delay. Now that that’s going to be shipped soon, is that going to be pushed back up to the top of the priority list for you guys? And how does your ability to grow the business in fiscal ’09 get impacted by your ability to do or not do a deal with Rockstar? Thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the question. I [beg] the question though because we have never commented on the internal workings of our discussions with specific employees and it just would be inappropriate and certainly we wouldn’t start today. We think we have the most talented, creative people in the business. Incidentally, we think we have the most talented business people in the business as well and when we have something to say about our ongoing relationships with certain people, we will do so. 
Benjamin Feder: On the topic of Rockstar, I wanted to add some information that Mike Hickey asked before, because I’m not sure it came out completely the way it should have but we are releasing additional episodic content on Grand Theft Auto IV for Xbox 360 and sequels to some of our Rockstar triple A titles and I wanted to make sure you had the correct information. 
Strauss Zelnick: So just to finish it off, we value the relationship with Rockstar greatly. Their creative prowess and ability and commitment, focus, and dedication is unmatched in the industry. You are going to see just one piece of evidence of that on April 29th, but that’s not the only piece of evidence. There are a lot of other great games. And then there are a lot of other great games and entertainment coming from the rest of our company as well. It’s the thing we’re most proud of. But to comment on people’s individual relationships with the company just is -- it’s never something that we’ve done and we’re not starting now. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with BMO Capital Markets. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Good afternoon. A couple of questions; first of all, can you give us an idea just to follow-on the episodic content of GTA, how we should model that out in terms of the economics around that?
Benjamin Feder: You know, we haven’t really discussed pricing. We haven’t discussed downloads. We have I think -- you obviously model what you need to model, but we haven’t disclosed anything and neither has Microsoft, so I’m afraid I can’t provide any new information today. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Okay and looking at the headcount, can you give us an idea as to what the headcount is at the studio as well as the overall headcount?
Lainie Goldstein: The total studio count is about 1,350 people right now, after the acquisition of 2K Czech, and our total headcount is about 2,100 employees. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then as we look at GTA IV, what sort of a -- how should we look at the annual contribution of revenues coming in the second quarter versus the third quarter and the fourth quarter of the fiscal year? How are you thinking of it this go-round?
Lainie Goldstein: We haven’t really shared our launch quantities yet and we are giving our guidance for Q2 overall, but we haven’t shared our specific numbers for Q3 and Q4 yet. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think we have said in the past that when it was a Christmas release, you would have expected a bulk of orders to come in a shorter period of time. We would expect it to be more extended, given that it’s not in the Christmas season. 
Benjamin Feder: We’re also seeing a lot of leverage in our catalog in general. That’s one of the great things about what’s going on in the business right now. 
Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Next we have a follow-up question from John Taylor with Arcadia Investment Corporation.
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Let’s see -- I didn’t expect to get in that early. I think Edward asked that question about the economics. Since you are giving us some guidance that we are going to see revenue from the episodic, I think it would be really helpful if you could give us a couple of hints in terms of how that might hit certain line items in the fourth quarter. Because I mean -- or are you going to book the whole amount that’s in the current, or is that a 12-month thing? I mean, can you give us any way of thinking about how that chunk of revenue comes in?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, we definitely plan on having one of the episodes during fiscal year 2008 in the fourth quarter and then one in fiscal 2009, and we are able to recognize the revenue as we meet our obligations, so that’s how we are going to recognize the revenue. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: So is there -- is there capitalized development cost against that that’s going to be amortized off?
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: You can’t give us any hint though in terms of contribution margin or anything like that?
Lainie Goldstein: No, we can’t. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay. You might think about that, because that’s clearly going to have a pretty big impact and it would be helpful for us to know how you are thinking about that. Anyway, thanks. 
Benjamin Feder: Thanks for the feedback. We’ll consider it. 
John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Next we have a follow-up question from Ben Schachter with UBS Securities. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS:  I’m following up on JT's question about capitalized software -- how should we think about how that will decline in Q2 when the game is released?
Lainie Goldstein: In Q2 it will match with the revenue as we ship the product, so it’s going to be amortized as we recognize the revenue over the life of the product. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS:  Do you have any sense of where you are going to end up with the capitalized software at the end -- when you report Q2?
Lainie Goldstein: We have it in our overall forecast but it’s not something that we’ve shared with the public. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS:  And specifically on GTA IV, what percentage of the revenue and units do you think will come from the special editions, the higher price?
Lainie Goldstein: It’s a pretty small amount but we haven’t shared the exact percentage yet. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS:  Okay, and then the last question, the music genre obviously has performed exceedingly well. The history of Rockstar and some of you folks over -- Zelnick has been in the music business. Is that a genre that you anticipate getting into on the videogame side of things?
Benjamin Feder: You know, we’re a pretty creatively driven shop, Ben and the music on GTA is fantastic. There’s music in Midnight Club, which is fantastic. And we’ll continue to explore that. I think it adds a terrific game experience to the games. It’s an immersive experience. It’s an exciting and emotional experience and music is a key part of that.  I don’t know that I’d call music a genre. I think it’s a part of the total experience and that’s what GTA is -- it’s one of the best gaming experiences on the planet, and so we’ll continue to explore that and the guys at Rockstar are some of the best in the business at doing that. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS:  And the last question on EA, just to clarify the timing around this; right now, you are not talking with the company but you’ve told them that you are willing to talk after the release of the game and that they, as far as you know, don’t want to do that and want to speak now?
Strauss Zelnick: Well, no. I mean, it’s what I said at the beginning of the call -- we’ve disclosed everything. It’s all out there in the public and there’s absolutely nothing new to say. 
Benjamin Schachter - UBS:  Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Strauss Zelnick.
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you so much for joining us today. As you can imagine, we’re feeling pretty good about how things are going and we feel good about the rest of the year. Thanks so much for joining us. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-12-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Cindy Buckwalter - Executive Vice President Strauss Zelnick - Chairman of the Board Benjamin Feder - Chief Executive Officer, Director Lainie Goldstein - Chief Financial Officer Seth Krauss - Chief Legal Counsel
Analysts: Heath Terry - Credit Suisse Whitney Goldstein - Lehman Brothers Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Mike Hickey - Janco Partners Brent Thill - Citigroup Benjamin Schachter - UBS John Taylor - Arcadia Investment Corporation Doug Creutz - Cowen & Company Anthony Gikas - Piper Jaffray Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets Edward Urban - Bear Stearns Evan Wilson - Pacific Crest Securities Adam Knowle - Cowen & Company
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Take-TwoInteractive fourth quarter and year-end 2007 results. (Operator Instructions)It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindy Buckwalter, ExecutiveVice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter. You maybegin. 
Cindy Buckwalter: Thank you. Welcome and thank you all for joining us today.Today’s call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Chairman of Take-Two; Ben Feder,our CEO; and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. We are also joined by Seth Krauss, ourChief Legal Counsel. The team will be available to answer your questions duringthe Q&A session following our prepared remarks.  Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review ourSafe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made duringthis call that are not historical facts are considered forward-lookingstatements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements arebased on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by andinformation currently available to us. Actual operating results may varysignificant from these forward-looking statements based on a variety offactors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC,including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2006, and our 10-Q forthe third quarter ended July 31, 2007, which are both available on our websiteor by contacting the SEC.  Now let me turn the call over to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Cindy and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks forjoining us. I believe fiscal 2007 will largely be remembered as a year in whichTake-Two made significant progress on initiatives that will provide a solid foundationfor our future. As a result, we’ve begun fiscal 2008 as a stronger organizationthan we have been in the past, with a sharp focus on being the most creative,the most innovative, and the most efficient company in our industry.  Before I turn the call over to Ben and Lainie, I would liketo review some of the reasons why we believe Take-Two is so well-positioned forthis fiscal year and beyond. First, we believe we have the strongest portfolioof owned product franchises in our business and at the same time, we’veexpanded and diversified these franchises to include 15 proprietary brands,such as Grand Theft Auto, Bioshock, Midnight Club, Bully, Red Dead Revolver,Manhunt, Civilization, Carnival Games, and others. We also have a promisingsports business along with our recent entry into casual games, 2K Play. Perhapseven more importantly, we have the most talented creative teams in theindustry. We’re very proud of that.  The recent consolidation activity in this business clearlydemonstrates the importance and value of owned intellectual property, the goldstandard of our business. We’ve created a more streamlined and efficientorganization through our restructuring and revitalization efforts. As a result,Take-Two is sharply focused on our core publishing business and better equippedto support the potential of our creative teams. Coupled with that is asubstantially reduced cost structure, the benefits of which will be more fullyrealized this fiscal year.  We’ve worked diligently to resolve the distractions ofvarious regulatory and litigation issues. Most recently, we announced aproposed settlement of all consumer class action lawsuits pending in the U.S.relating to the so-called Hot Coffee modification. Along with our progress inthese and other areas, we anticipate significantly stronger operating andfinancial performance in fiscal 2008.  As Lainie will discuss in greater detail, we are reiteratingour guidance for full year earnings per share in the range of $1.30 to $1.50 ona non-GAAP basis on $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion in revenue. We are alsoproviding guidance for our first quarter.  In summary, we begin fiscal 2008 with great confidence inour competitive position and in our potential for profitable growth. We’vearrived at this point just as the video game industry is poised to reap thebenefits of the cycle that began in 2005. As the installed base of nextgeneration hardware continues to grow and the sales of video games reach newheights, we have the products, the processes, and the people to take maximumadvantage of the opportunities in our market.  With that, let me turn the call over to Ben. 
Benjamin Feder: I’d like to comment briefly on our Q4 results and thecurrent holiday season and then I’ll elaborate on our accomplishments in a fewareas that Strauss just touched upon.  We’re thrilled that our Q4 bottom line performance wasbetter than expected. This is the second quarter in a row that we beat ourguidance. On a non-GAAP basis, this is the first quarter in some time in whichTake-Two was profitable without a new Grand Theft Auto release.  We beat our guidance primarily on the strength ofbetter-than-anticipated sales on internally developed titles, particularlyBioshock and Carnival Games. Product mix of Jack of All Games was also morefavorable as we worked hard to expand margins in that business. As you cantell, the revitalization of Take-Two is well underway.  Looking to Q1, we have a very light new release schedule,with the majority of our business coming from catalog titles, so I view Q1 as atime to prepare for the next nine months of the year, which we expect to seesignificant growth.  Overall, I’d say the sales trends for holiday 2007 appear toreinforce the overall strength of our industry as video games continue to beamong the must-have gifts this season. This bodes well for the long-termprospects of our industry in general and Take-Two in particular.  I’d characterize our performance this season assatisfactory, especially in light of the fact that our holiday sales areprimarily driven by catalog titles. But our ambitions are to do much, muchbetter.  Now let me turn to some of our recent product developments.We released new downloadable content for Bioshock, which will make the new gameplay experience even more compelling than it already is. This new internallyowned and developed franchise has shipped over 2 million units and has wonmultiple awards.  Both the Associated Press and the British Academy of Filmand Television named Bioshock Game of the Year for 2007, and at last week’sSpike TV video game awards, Bioshock took home more awards than any othertitle, winning Game of the Year, Best Xbox 360 game, and Best Original Score.This is a great new franchise for Take-Two, upon which we plan to build.  Rockstar just released Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Storieson PS2 and PSP in Japan and the title achieved greatest hits status on PSP lastmonth. From 2K Play, we’re thrilled with the enthusiastic consumer reception toCarnival Games, a great family title. It was the number one third party Wiititle in September, the number two third party Wii title in October, andremained a top 10 title in November.  We’ve already shipped over half a million units worldwideand are seeing sustained demand for the title, and we expect the title tocontinue to perform well after the holidays. We plan to extend the success ofCarnival Games by bringing it to the DS platform this summer.  Moving to sports, the performance at NBA 2K8 was very, verysolid. The Xbox 360 title outrated the competition and outsold it by almostthree to one in its first three months on the market, according to NPD.  Looking at the balance of fiscal 2008, we’re extremelyoptimistic. We are eagerly anticipating the release of Grand Theft Auto IV inour second quarter. By now, I hope most of you have seen the third trailer thatRockstar unveiled several weeks ago along with the box art. The game looksterrific and we’re confident that it will be every bit as groundbreaking as theprevious titles.  Our strong pipeline for 2008 also includes other titles --Midnight Club Los Angeles, episodic content for Grand Theft Auto IV, Bully:Scholarship Edition, Sid Meier’s Civilization Revolution, Borderlands, TopThree, and our complete sports lineup. Many of the products in our fiscal 2008pipeline are sequels to well-established franchises, the prior versions ofwhich sold over 15 million units in aggregate, not counting Grand Theft Auto.  We are very excited about the potential for the 2008 lineup.We have significant revenue visibility with these proven brands.  Among our other new releases, 2K Play recently released thefirst products from its partnership with Nickelodeon -- Go Diego Go: SafariRescue and Dora the Explorer: Dora Saves the Mermaids, both on the Nintendo DS.These titles will also be shipping on console early next year.  2K’s new title, Borderlands, was the exclusive cover storyin the September issue of Game Informer and is generating additional buzzfollowing the debut of the trailer on Spike TV’s 2007 Video Game Awards.Borderlands has been named one of the top games for 2008 by Electronic GamingMonthly, Game Pro, and Games for Windows magazine.  Also for 2008, we are looking forward to Sid Meier’sCivilization: Revolution, the game that Sid says he’s always wanted to make.The game was built exclusively for console and handheld platforms and we arebringing it to Xbox 360, PS3, and DS. The title is already getting positivefeedback from both consumers and the press after our play test at the E For AllConsumer Game Show this past October.  In sports, we’ll be expanding our lineup with Don KingPresents Prizefighter, a new boxing title that we announced last week for Xbox360, Wii, and DS. We are also looking forward to Major League Baseball 2K8 inthe spring, with Mets shortstop Jose Reyes as our cover athlete.  Looking into fiscal 2009, the buzz is building already forMafia 2, the sequel to our 2 million unit bestseller. The title is alreadygenerating gamer and press interest after the debut of the cinematic Mafia 2teaser trailer at this year’s game convention in Leipzig, Germany.  In fiscal 2009, we’ll also be offering additional episodiccontent for Grand Theft Auto IV in Xbox 360 and you can expect to see sequelsof some of our big franchises. You’ll recall that our goal is to balance outthe major releases throughout the year and we’ll have more to say about ourfiscal 2009 pipeline in the months ahead.  We’ve said a lot about our focus on creating ownedintellectual property and we’ve recently established a new studio, 2K Marin, inNovato, California. This studio will develop original IP and also co-developproducts with other 2K studios around the world. This move reflects ourcommitment to create and leverage triple A franchises.  To strengthen our focus on a number of critical operatingareas, we recently named Gary Dale to a corporate role as Executive VicePresident to Take-Two. In his new position, Gary will head up our efforts tocapture opportunities in emerging areas, such as online gaming and casualgames, as well as in critical regions of the world, Asia-Pacific and LatinAmerica. His experience and relationships in Europe will also be valuable incontinuing to grow our business in that critical market. Gary will also overseeour sales organizations.  We’re thrilled with our Q4 performance and our progress todate. We believe that fiscal 2008 will demonstrate the value of our efforts torevitalize the business, make our organization more efficient, and focus onwhat Take-Two does best -- creating powerful game franchises. We look forwardto reporting on our progress throughout the coming year. Lainie. 
Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Ben and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll be coveringseveral topics today. First, a review of fourth quarter results; second, ouroutlook for fiscal 2008; and third, our guidance for the first quarter.  Let’s look at our Q4 results. Net revenue was $293 million,compared with $267 million a year ago. We’re pleased that we were profitable inthe quarter on a non-GAAP basis and that we exceeded our guidance for a secondquarter in a row. This is the first quarter in quite some time that Take-Twowas profitable without a new Grand Theft Auto release.  Non-GAAP net income was $3.4 million compared to a non-GAAPnet loss of $1.8 million last year, with earnings per share of $0.05 comparedto a loss per share of $0.03 last year.  Our GAAP results for the fourth quarter were a net loss ofapproximately $7 million, or $0.10 per share, compared with a loss of $14million or $0.20 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006.  Our GAAP results included $4.8 million in stock-basedcompensation expenses and a total of $3 million in business reorganization andexpenses related to unusual legal matters. Additionally, we realized a $3.1million loss on the sale of Joytech and a $1.4 million loss on thede-consolidation of Blue Castle Games, a developer of some of our sportstitles.  Let me explain that a little bit further. We had previouslyaccounted for Blue Castle as a wholly-owned subsidiary in accordance withFIN-46. While Blue Castle continues to develop some of our sports titles, weare no longer their primary source of funding, which has resulted in having tode-consolidate their assets.  Our increase in revenue year over year was primarily due tostrong sales of our newly released titles, led by Bioshock, NBA 2K8, andCarnival Games. Grand Theft Auto catalog sales were also a significant factorin the quarter’s results. Our sports business was once again a strongcontributor to revenue. Sports represented about 20% of our publishing revenuein the quarter, and Jack of All Games business also grew, led by strongnext-gen hardware and software sales.  Looking at the breakdown of our total revenue, the mix was75% publishing, 25% distribution, about the same as Q4 of last year. Andlooking at our consolidated results, our total gross profit margin for thequarter was 30.6%, which was also comparable to last year.  Our split between North America and international revenuewas 74% to 26% in Q4. It’s important to point out that our sports anddistribution businesses skewed these numbers relative to our peers. Thesebusinesses are primarily North American based. If you back out sports and distribution,our North America/international revenue split was about 60% to 40% in Q4 and57% to 43% for fiscal 2007.  Our operating expenses in the fourth quarter wereapproximately $87 million, down significantly from last year’s fourth quarter.Operating expenses decreased in all areas except business reorganization, asthe restructuring began in the second quarter this year.  Sales and marketing expenses accounted for the largestreduction year over year, due to our lighter release schedule.  Relative to taxes, we are not showing any tax benefit on ourlosses. As we’ve said on previous calls, due to our domestic cumulative lossesfor the past three years, we are required to record a valuation allowance toreduce our deferred tax asset. In fact, we had a provision for taxes in thefourth quarter only because we are a taxpayer in some of our internationalterritories.  Our full year results are detailed in the press release butI’d like to just highlight a few areas of our performance.  We successfully initiated a $25 million cost reductionprogram. We’ll see the full impact of these reductions by the end of fiscal2008.  We also established two important new franchises withBioshock and Carnival Games. Our sports business grew 20% year over year forthree reasons -- first, the additional titles we released in fiscal 2007compared to 2006; second, the improved performance of our Major League Baseballtitle; and third, the higher average software pricing relating to the largerinstalled base of next-gen hardware.  While sports was not profitable in 2007, we significantlyimproved the bottom line performance of the business this year.  Lastly, we showed revenue diversification in 2007 as our top10 titles were 27% of total company revenue, down from 38% in fiscal 2006 and48% in fiscal 2005.  These accomplishments demonstrate the progress we’re makingon our strategic objectives.  Moving on to our balance sheet, as we announced last month,we expanded our credit line to $140 million in November. The expanded lineprovides additional flexibility to help continue to fund our working capitalneeds during the busy holiday season and beyond.  At the end of Q4, we had approximately $78 million in cashand $18 million of borrowings on our credit line. Based on our forecast of capsneeds, we expect to draw down on the line further in our Q1 but we anticipateno near-term need for additional capital beyond the credit line.  Our accounts receivable reserve was about $63 million at theend of the quarter. This represented approximately 38% of gross receivables.Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately $99 million, which isrelatively comparable to Q4 of last year.  The increase in our software development costs and licensesis primarily related to the key titles planned for release over the next 12 to18 months. This includes Grand Theft Auto IV, Midnight Club Los Angeles, andBorderlands. We currently have approximately 30 titles in various stages ofdevelopment.  Now for our outlook for fiscal 2008. First, before we getinto the guidance details, I would like to emphasize that we are providingguidance on a non-GAAP basis, which we believe best represents our operatingperformance. It is also consistent with the way analyst estimates many of ourmajor competitors are afforded on First Call, excluding stock comp expenses andany unusual charges.  In contrast, the First Call estimates for Take-Twohistorically have been GAAP estimates, making it difficult to apply aconsistent valuation to companies industry-wide. Going forward, we wouldencourage all of the analysts to provide First Call and other reportingservices with non-GAAP estimates for Take-Two, just as you do for our industrypeers.  For fiscal 2008, we are reiterating the guidance wepreviously provided in September of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion in revenue,and $1.30 to $1.50 per share on a non-GAAP basis. The assumptions underlyingthat guidance were provided in our Q3 conference call on September 10th andthose assumptions are still valid today.  Lastly, we are issuing guidance today for the first quarter.We expect a non-GAAP loss per share in the range of $0.50 to $0.60 on $175million to $225 million in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensationexpense of $0.07 per share and reorganization costs and expenses related tounusual legal matters of $0.02 per share. Our Q1 guidance reflects tax expenseattributable to the company’s international operations only.  Let me describe some additional data points on our Q1outlook. We expect our revenue mix to be split equally between publishing anddistribution, due to the seasonal ramp-up in Jack’s business and the increaseddemand they are seeing for next-gen hardware and software. We also expect Jacksales to increase from Q4 to Q1, although we anticipate a decrease comparedwith the first quarter last year.  For publishing, most of our business is coming from ourcatalog titles rather than new releases, so we are also expecting ourpublishing business to be down year over year in Q1. This will result inreduced gross profit margins compared to Q1 of last year. In fact, we expect Q1gross margins to be closer to what we experienced in fiscal 2007, about 25%.  We expect margins to trend back up in Q2 with the release ofGrand Theft Auto IV and then for the full year, we continue to expect grossmargins of approximately 35%.  We expect overall operating expenses to trend up a bit in Q1as compared to Q4, primarily driven by higher marketing spend as we prepare forour big 2008 releases. We also expect to see R&D expenses increase in Q1 ascompared to Q4, due to lower software capitalization rate during the holidayseason and some incremental IT spending.  G&A should also trend down modestly from Q4 anddepreciation and amortization should remain about flat.  As for taxes, we expect to show a provision for taxes in Q1for our international business only.  While it’s early to talk about fiscal 2009, we can tell youthat we are building another robust release schedule. We are planning sequelsto some of Rockstar’s and 2K’s triple A brands and we’ll also deliveradditional episodic content for Grand Theft Auto IV on Xbox 360. Rounding outour lineup will be our current sports business and titles based on several newbrands. 2009 will also reflect the first full year of our cost savingsinitiative. We are optimistic about our future and the opportunities to furtherbuild shareholder value.  At this point, I’ll turn the call back to Strauss. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Lainie. Let me conclude by saying that we arepleased with our progress during what was both a challenging and rewarding yearfor the company. Building and managing Take-Two is a team effort and I want tothank all of our colleagues here for their hard work and their dedication. Weare all very excited about the year ahead. We believe we are extremelywell-positioned across the board for growth and improved financial performancein fiscal 2008 and beyond.  We will now take your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from theline of Heath Terry with Credit Suisse. 
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Great. Could you give us a little more detail on thecomponents of getting the sports business to profitability? How much of it isadditional titles and the mix versus lower development costs or even lowerroyalty costs, in some cases?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, our profitability expectations are primarily based onexpanding our number of non-licensed sports titles, including Top Spin forTennis and Don King Presents Prizefighter, and we’re also assuming higheraverage price points and a larger installed base of hardware. 
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Can you give us an idea of the number of sports SKUs thatyou’ll have this year versus last year when you talk about that expanded titlelineup?
Lainie Goldstein: We haven’t shared that information yet, Heath. 
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Okay, great. And then, to the extent that there is any kindof non-traditional revenues in the guidance for next year, whether it’s in-gameadvertising, downloadable content, obviously you’ve got the relationship or thedeal with Microsoft on the downloadable content for GTA. Can you give us anidea of what component you expect that to be next year?
Benjamin Feder: We’re really not breaking that out but I think this is stilla time -- for most of what you just described, I think we’ve said repeatedlywe’re really interested in expanding that area of revenue, diversifying ourrevenue base, and we’re pretty interested in building businesses like themicropayments business but it’s very early days for that business. 
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Handler withLehman Brothers. 
Whitney Goldstein -Lehman Brothers:  Thanks for taking my question. This is Whitney Goldstein.I’m just actually on the road right now. My question is regarding the hiring ofGary Dale. How do you expect your marketing efforts to change? Is he going tobe working on -- I know he’s working with sales to focus on a specific genrelike the sports titles or it is overall strategy or is there anything we’ll seedifferent in terms of your marketing efforts of that new hire? Thank you. 
Benjamin Feder: It’s overall oversight on the sales organization but inaddition to that in terms of new revenue, we’re highly focused on emergingmarkets, highly focused on Asia and certain markets in Latin America,specifically Brazil and Mexico. And he’s going to be leading our efforts on thebusiness development front around the world. 
Whitney Goldstein -Lehman Brothers:  Okay, great. Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst withHudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst - HudsonSquare Research: Thanks for taking the call. Two questions, if I might; one,just looking at the pipeline for fiscal ’08, you commented about what you mighthave on the Wii front, given the success there. It looks like your Wii space isa little light relative to other titles you’ve announced so far.  And then secondly on advertising, as you are approaching thelaunch of your big game for the year, can you talk about how your advertisingspend will ramp, your marketing spend, and how that might be different thistime around versus last, where you have a lot more opportunity for onlineadvertising -- that is not, you know, your advertising online and doingadvertising and demos and trailers on the consoles themselves that wasn’treally available in the last gen. Thanks. 
Benjamin Feder: Thanks, Daniel. With respect to your first question on thepipeline, we have seven titles on Wii. We’re pretty proud of that, actually.We’ve turned this company from a non-Nintendo shop into a shop that’s focusedas much on Nintendo as it is on every other platform. Just to name a few, Bullyis coming out on Wii, Prizefighter will be coming out on Wii. And actually, wethink prizefighter as a boxing game is actually a pretty compelling game on theWii.  And it’s not just the Wii. We are also focused on the DS. Aswe said, Carnival Games will be coming out on DS and so we are pretty excitedabout that and as I said, we have a pretty good track record on the Wii and wetend to exploit that.  So I wouldn’t characterize it as light. I would characterizeit as perfectly appropriate.  With respect to launch and the advertising budgets, youknow, it’s really kind of case by case. Some titles will be more appropriatefor traditional marketing and some for traditional advertising channels andother products are more appropriate for online and alternative advertisingchannels. It’s really kind of case by case.  I will tell you that both Strauss and I review the marketingplans of each and every title with a great deal of detail. And by the way, wedon’t always -- I wouldn’t say we don’t always agree but there is a healthydebate on where the advertising dollars should be spent and there is a prettyrobust conversation that goes on internally about that. 
Daniel Ernst - HudsonSquare Research: Sure, but if you look at GTA in particular, which obviouslyhas some notoriety around it and it maybe doesn’t need a whole lot ofadvertising. Maybe talk strictly about the plans -- not specifically but ingeneral terms about how advertising and marketing for that launch will bedifferent than this time last time. 
Benjamin Feder: If you are asking whether we should reduce our marketingexpense for Grand Theft Auto, I don’t believe that’s the best thing for thefranchise. I don’t think anybody internally believes that’s the best thing forthe franchise. In fact, we’ll be spending a healthy marketing budget to promotethat and promote it on a worldwide basis.  And by the way, I think the trend is heading there too. Youjust need to look at Halo 3’s budget, for example, and that tells you the wholestory. So I don’t think this is a game where we are just going to try to getout and take advantage of the existing brand recognition and just try to launcha game on the cheat. We’re going to launch a game in the way that’s appropriatefor the franchise. 
Daniel Ernst - HudsonSquare Research: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey withJanco Partners. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Thank you. Congrats on the quarter, guys. Curious on GTA IV;do you have any sense of how the sales of that game are going to spread acrossyour three quarters of your fiscal ’08 period? I’m guessing most will beup-front but any color on that would be great.  And then for your GTA, your last GTA IV trailer, do you haveany data points in terms of the amount of hits the trailer got in the firstweek or so that you could share with us? And then the last question, taking a look at your sportsbusiness, I think Blue Castle did code for your biggest game. Do you plan toextend that license across other games like you did in fiscal ’07, like TheBigs or MLB Power Pros?
Benjamin Feder: I’m not sure -- well, let’s take the first couple. In termsof the spread of sales, that’s not really something we discuss and if historyis any guide, and obviously we have very high expectations for Grand Theft AutoIV, we certainly expect this title to keep selling for some time but I don’tthink it’s appropriate to talk about how we spread out the expectations exceptthat they are meaningful. 
Strauss Zelnick: I would say that we’ve said in the past, I think it’s stilltrue that when it was scheduled for release in October, that was probably ashorter window to spread over the sales because you hit the Christmas season,so our view remains unchanged from that, which is to say that you would expectto sell the same number of units but over a longer period of time than we wouldhave seen had it shipped in October. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Okay, and then on the trailer that you just put out, do youhave any data points for us in terms of -- 
Benjamin Feder: Our sense is that it’s been very popularly received but wedon’t specifically share exact data points. But if you haven’t seen it, it’sworth -- I’ll give you the plug; it’s really fantastic. It’s certainly worthwatching. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: No, I’ve seen it about 10 times. 
Benjamin Feder: Good. Then you know. That would be about 20 minutes of yourtime. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: And then I think Blue Castle -- 
Benjamin Feder: I didn’t follow the question on Blue Castle. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: You’ve extended the MLB brand across different titles, themain one, of course, then Bigs and Power Pros. And looking at the rest of yourtitles through your fiscal ’08 period, I don’t see The Bigs or MLB Power Pros.I’m just curious if your philosophy has changed there or are those -- are theygoing to be there?
Benjamin Feder: We have a commitment in our baseball genre. We are kind ofcommitted to send it over a number of SKUs. You could expect to see that onsome of our other sports titles as well. I think generally the philosophy ofTake-Two is to extend our brands over a number of different platforms asopposed to being narrow in our platform focus. But certainly in baseball, weare highly committed to extending the brands to multiple platforms. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Okay, and then the last one, on Midnight Club, is this agame that you guys can come out with annually? I mean, you’ve kind of skippedit but it seems like if you look at some of your competitors raising games,they have the ability to come out every year. And clearly this is a verypopular game and I think it would do well if you could do it annually. Issomething in the works or --
Benjamin Feder: You know, I think our view is a little bit different. Firstof all, we are driven first and foremost by making the best games in thebusiness and you can’t do that on a clockwork type schedule.  I think the second thing is even if we had the ability to doa triple A title annually, the question is how do you optimize the consumers’desire for a franchise title, the needed development time, and the concern thatif you come out too frequently, you run the risk of burning the franchise out.And I think Rockstar particularly has done a terrific job of managing that. Inother words, optimizing the required development time against optimizingconsumers’ expectations, hopes, and interest.  And what’s -- I suppose you could argue that we leavesomething on the table by not putting stuff out, like stamping out cookies butthat’s just not how we operate around here. Every product is seen as somethingthat’s terribly important to us, it’s key to the company and frankly we lookat, and this creates a lot of pressure on our very talented people, we look ateach game as a standalone new product that has to be better than the last, andthat takes time. And if we can deliver that to the consumers, it’s somethingworth waiting for and I actually think it enhances the value of the franchiseover time and extends its life.  Of course, what that means is and we said this is part ofour strategy, is we want to build up further our already leading portfolio ofowned intellectual property so that while you can’t count on a release everyquarter, and again we’re driven by the quality of products, not our quarterlyfinancial desires, what we’d really like to do is have a release schedule thatgets more and more robust and more and more predictable every year. But the wayto do that isn’t burning out a franchise that consumers love. The way to dothat is develop more great franchises. And frankly, we’ve shown -- not to overstate the case, but Ithink Bioshock puts a fine point on that. That looks to be another strongrepeatable franchise. We certainly feel that way about it. 
Strauss Zelnick: There isn’t a piece of us, I mean, your question, Mike andthe earlier question I think from Daniel, there isn’t a piece of us that wantsto harvest any of these franchises and sort of say okay, let’s turn off themarketing and let’s just harvest what we can in terms of cash. It’s not what weare about. It’s not what the company’s about. We’re building up IP and we’rebuilding up franchises. 
Benjamin Feder: And doing it based on quality and meeting consumers’desires. We’re trying to delight our consumers. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Thank you very much, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill withCitigroup.
Brent Thill -Citigroup: Thanks. Can you give us a sense of what percent of therevenue today is owned IP and where you would like to see that over the nextyear?
Benjamin Feder: I think the answer is about two-thirds internal and aboutone-third external and that roughly tracks, but not entirely tracks, ownedintellectual property. But it’s certainly our strategy to own our brands. 
Brent Thill -Citigroup: Okay. And just a follow-up on Grand Theft Auto, can you justgive us your conviction level for the Q2 ship and have you thought aboutputting GTA on the Wii?
Strauss Zelnick: We wouldn’t say it if we weren’t convicted. 
Benjamin Feder: We have a high conviction level and right now I think, nodisrespect meant for the platform, but I think there are other titles that arebetter suited to the Wii than Grand Theft Auto IV. 
Brent Thill -Citigroup: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Schachter withUBS.
Benjamin Schachter -UBS: A few follow-ups on the marketing; anecdotally, it seemsthat there’s more TV coming out for Bioshock recently. I was wondering if therewas anything you learned from that that will relate to GTA marketing? And then also, do you expect to get any significant or howsignificant marketing support from the hardware companies for GTA? And then finally on GTA, do you expect to have a higherpriced collection edition of GTA? And if so, what percentage of sales couldthat represent? Thanks. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think each product stands alone and you try to optimizethe marketing, as Ben said. This is an interest that’s near and dear to ourhearts so we could wax eloquent, but in a nutshell we went back on televisionwith Bioshock because we thought there was a terrific opportunity for theholiday season and we have reason to believe that will be successful.  I’m not going to tip our hands on the GTA IV marketing plan.As Ben said, it’s a very robust plan. We are taking nothing for granted. Thefact that you have awareness, you still have to do it in a way that isconsistent with what consumers expect and the image of the brand and I believewe will come out with a very, very creative plan. But it doesn’t -- it won’ttrack the Bioshock plan. Each one stands alone.  In terms of hardware support, we have a close relationshipwith the hardware licensors, very close relationship. We know they areobviously interested in building up their platform’s success level but we don’ttalk specifically about our confidential discussions and agreements with them. 
Benjamin Feder: Two more points -- you’ve got to bear in mind that Bioshockwas released in a window that was just prior to Halo 3, and so it’s not likewe’ve increased our marketing. That was always the plan to have the one-twopunch, give Halo 3 the air that it needed and oxygen that it needed and thenhave a second punch. That was always the plan. The other thing that you’ve gotto consider is that Grand Theft Auto is a title that is in a category on itsown. When it ships and is supported by television, it’s going to have a prettywide berth. The industry will give it a pretty wide berth. Bioshock was new IPthat needed to start with a core audience and then we extended beyond the coreaudience.  So they are very, very different titles as Strauss said. Ofcourse we are always learning. I think one of the things we’ve subscribed to dosince we arrived at the company is to increase learning at the company to makesure that what we do in one title, we take best practices and apply it to othertitles and we continue to do that.  But these actually are two different animals. 
Benjamin Schachter -UBS: And will there be any type of higher priced collector’sedition that could make up a meaningful percentage of sales?
Benjamin Feder: We don’t have a percentage of sales. In any event, it wouldjust be a budget number, not an actual number by definition, but there will bea special edition. 
Benjamin Schachter -UBS: And the last question, given Carnival’s success, does thatchange your Wii development strategy?
Benjamin Feder: We are -- it doesn’t change the Wii development strategybecause we’ve always been committed to the Wii. Since it arrived, we werecommitted to the Wii and to the DS. Does it change our view of what a familyoriented title can be, of that genre and that production value? Absolutely. 
Strauss Zelnick: In a very positive way. 
Benjamin Schachter -UBS: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz withCowen & Company. Mr. Creutz, your line is open. Our next question comesfrom the line of John Taylor with Arcadia Investment Corporation.
John Taylor - ArcadiaInvestment Corporation: I gather you would have given us a date if you wanted towhen GTA is going to ship. I wonder, have you picked a firm date or are youbeing vague with everybody on that?
Benjamin Feder: We’re really not being vague. We’re just confirming secondfiscal quarter. I understand that’s a three-month time span but we’ll announcethe date when we’re ready to announce the date and tailor our marketing plansaccordingly.  We’re really not intending to be vague. We’ll announce thedate when we have the date. 
John Taylor - ArcadiaInvestment Corporation: Okay, so does that imply you don’t have a specific date eveninternally at this point?
Benjamin Feder: Yeah, I’ve probably pretty much said everything I’m going tosay on it. 
John Taylor - ArcadiaInvestment Corporation: All right. And then on the -- I wonder if you could talk alittle bit about Jack of All Games. What are you guys seeing in terms of dealsor potential deals that might become available from publisher over-builds,whatever, going into the first quarter? Can you characterize that opportunityfor us?
Benjamin Feder: It’s a great question. I think we all are eagerly awaitingto see what happens post-Christmas. There is I think probably some over-buildin certain areas, certain genres, certain platforms. I think it’s a terrificopportunity for Jack and we’ll be pursuing that at the right time. It’s alittle too early to tell but that’s actually something that Jack excels at andwe’ll be looking at that very, very carefully. It’s a great question. 
John Taylor - ArcadiaInvestment Corporation: Okay. All right and then Lainie, do you happen to know whatthe inventory distribution is between Jack and the publishing side?
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. It’s about 70% distribution and publishing is 30%.That’s the mix. 
John Taylor - ArcadiaInvestment Corporation: Okay, good. And the last question, if you add together youramortization of development costs in the P&L in fiscal ’07 and add to thatR&D and then the increase in capital development costs, you come up withwhatever it is, a couple hundred million dollars. I wonder, can you give us --can you characterize kind of what you expect the total cash spend on productdevelopment to look like if you use all those accounts by the end of the year,by the end of the next fiscal?
Lainie Goldstein: I don’t have that in front of me and we really have nevershared that before, so I can’t give you that information right now. 
John Taylor - ArcadiaInvestment Corporation: Directionally -- flat, up, down?
Lainie Goldstein: I don’t have it. Sorry. 
John Taylor - ArcadiaInvestment Corporation: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Creutz withCowen & Company.
Doug Creutz - Cowen& Company: Hi. Sorry about that. We had a little phone glitch. It lookslike GTA IV has been given a rating in Australia. I guess first, could youconfirm that? Second, what went into that process? What did you have to showthem and has it been approved for both the 360 and the PS3 platforms? Thanks. 
Benjamin Feder: I can confirm that we received an M15-plus rating inAustralia. It’s the same rating, by the way, that we received on Grand TheftAuto: San Andreas. Typically we will submit the rating to Australia earlierthan other territories and the rating -- there’s a rating package that goes,that typically is submitted to the ratings board in every individual countryand it includes a bunch of documentation, a reel of the game, all the stuffyou’d expect in the ratings. There’s nothing special required on that basis.And the rating is fully what we had expected and we are very pleased to see it.
Doug Creutz - Cowen& Company: I guess my question, did they have to see a final build ofthe game to give it a rating or was it just a selection of stuff from the game?
Benjamin Feder: They have to see a substantially complete game. That’s notto say that we can’t alter it once we receive the rating. We can continue topolish the game. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen& Company: Okay. Is an ESRB rating a gaiting item for you guys todetermine a final ship date?
Benjamin Feder: An ESRB rating is a gaiting item for every game to get thefinal ship date. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen& Company: Well, I guess to announce the final ship date. Let meclarify that. 
Benjamin Feder: I don’t think -- no, I don’t think we would wait for theESRB to announce a final ship date, no. 
Doug Creutz - Cowen& Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tony Gikas withPiper Jaffray.
Anthony Gikas - PiperJaffray: Good afternoon. A few questions; could you let us knowwhat’s in your plan for next year in terms of stock-based comp and one-time items,just to reconcile the GAAP and non-GAAP? And second question, any update onpotential realignment of comp plans at Rockstar studios? And the thirdquestion, can you help us with a tax rate on ’08 and ’09?
Lainie Goldstein: Well, we have for the full year for 2008, we have $0.45 ofstock compensation and $0.07 of unusual business reorganization charges andlegal matter expenses. That’s the first part of your question, Tony. What’s thesecond part?
Anthony Gikas - PiperJaffray: The second part is any update on the potential realignmentof comp plans at Rockstar and then tax rate for ’08 and ’09. 
Benjamin Feder: We don’t have any updates about our internal comp plans andas you know, anything material, we take great pains to announce as soon as wehave news. 
Lainie Goldstein: And for the tax rate, we announced on our call, the Q3 call,I think a dollar amount specific to fiscal year 2008 for taxes and that numberhas not changed, and it’s for our international business, where we are ataxpayer. But in the U.S., we’ll continue to not be a taxpayer and we will alsoin 2009 anticipate not being a taxpayer in that year as well. 
Anthony Gikas - PiperJaffray: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williamswith BMO Capital Markets.
Edward Williams - BMOCapital Markets: Just a couple of quick questions for you; first of all, withregard to your R&D headcount, can you give us an idea as to where you endedthe fiscal year and how you expect that headcount to change throughout 2008? 
Lainie Goldstein: We have currently 1,200 as of the end of 2007. I don’t havea 2008 number in front of me. We can get that number and we can get back to youon that. 
Benjamin Feder: I think you can safely assume it’s going to grow. We aregrowing our business. 
Edward Williams - BMOCapital Markets: Okay, and along those lines, how significant do you think 2KMarin should be? 
Benjamin Feder: I think we have great hopes for it. It remains to be seen.It’s obviously a key part of the strategy. It’s going to work on its ownintellectual property and work with other studios around the world. We thinkit’s a very positive step, particularly because we’ve moved senior managementout to Novato. 
Edward Williams - BMOCapital Markets: And then looking at your ’08 release schedule, can you giveus any granularity as to which quarters you expect some of these titles toship?
Benjamin Feder: Not yet. It’s coming. 
Edward Williams - BMOCapital Markets: Okay, and this may be another one that’s coming but can yougive us an idea as to when it may be coming -- the business model around theepisodic content for GTA IV, is that something that we could get some color onas soon as when GTA IV ships or as far away as when the episodic content isavailable?
Benjamin Feder: I think we -- you know, we’re pleased that we beat guidancetwo quarters in a row and we take great pains not to particularly because ofhow this is all developed. We now take enormous pains to make sure that wedon’t disclose forward-looking concepts before we’re highly confident that weunderstand where things are going.  So we are not trying to be coy but if we are not going totell you something then we are also not going to tell you when we are going totell you. When we have the news, we’ll share it with you. 
Edward Williams - BMOCapital Markets: Okay, so that’s a TBD at this point. And then looking atyour international publishing in 2008, can you give us an idea as to whatpercentage of your publishing revenue you think will come from internationalmarkets?
Benjamin Feder: We don’t disclose this in the 10-K generally but I would saywhen you look at international, it’s important to break out the sports businessversus everything else, because sports is primarily a domestic business.  I don’t have exact numbers here for you but I’ll tell you,rule of thumb for non-sports business is about 50-50. 
Edward Williams - BMOCapital Markets: Okay, and then, looking at Jack’s and the inventory that youhave there, what’s your thought? Are you comfortable with the inventory levelsat this point or is that still a focus point in terms of reducing yourinventory?
Benjamin Feder: Well, at this point it’s peak season, so it’s appropriatefor where it is but I’d like it to be lower because it’s a big number. But itis appropriate for where we are in the season and we are -- we scrub inventoryon a quarterly basis. I’m comfortable with what the number is and just as anoperational matter, we strive to get working capital down to as low a number aspossible. 
Edward Williams - BMOCapital Markets: All right, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Urban withBear Stearns.
Edward Urban - BearStearns: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I waswondering, your fiscal ’08 EPS or gross margin guidance, rather, is slightlyhigher than we saw following the prior GTA release. What specifically gives youthe confidence in being able to achieve that margin? And then secondly, recently you mentioned some Nintendoproduction issues related to Carnival Games. Can you elaborate a bit on theexact issue you are facing there and do you have any visibility at this time intowhen supply will improve there?
Benjamin Feder: I think our margin is simply a broader mix of internallydeveloped titles. We own the intellectual property and that extends beyond GTAIV. And in terms of availability of product for the Wii, look, you know, thisis a high-class problem. When you have a hit title, sometimes it’s hard to keepit in stock and Nintendo is a great partner and we are working together to tryto get that product to consumers. The good news is consumers remain very, veryinterested and we see it’s really an evergreen product. 
Strauss Zelnick: By the way, we’ve already begun to see supply ease up. 
Edward Urban - BearStearns: Okay, and in terms of the gross margin, you mentionedinternally developed product and it seems like Rockstar as a percentage ofsales will be comparable for this release in the fiscal year compared with theprior release, of the other divisions, were you expecting significantcontribution or what releases are you pointing to outside of Rockstar thatwould drive that margin?
Lainie Goldstein: Our distribution business margin is up as well as the 2KGames, the sports business as well has a pretty strong margin and in the lastrelease, our sports business wasn’t as strong at that time. 
Edward Urban - BearStearns: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Wilson withPacific Crest.
Evan Wilson - PacificCrest Securities: A couple of questions for you; first, I’d like to follow-upagain on Carnival Games. Give us, if possible, could you give us a feeling of a-- you know, a basis of that 500,000 units that you said had sold so far, whatyou think the potential for the game would have been if there were no supplyconstraints? And also, what the sales cycle looks for that game now that it’sbeen out for a while and there’s some other stuff out there? Do you think thatyou have still a big opportunity to continue to sell it through the Januaryquarter?  And then on the GTA release, if you could be a little bitmore specific around the PS3 and 360 platform. We’ve seen several otherpublishers decide to do a split release. I know that’s not ideal. Is itsomething you’d consider, even if it would keep both releases inside the fiscalQ2?
Benjamin Feder: First question on Carnival Games, it’s almost an impossiblequestion to answer because you don’t know -- if a consumer wants a game, it’snot available, you just have no idea whether that game is -- you know, whetherthey would have purchased that game or not. It’s an impossible question toanswer.  Do we think it has legs after January? Absolutely. It’sprecisely that title and that kind of title. We think it’s an evergreen titleand we’re encouraged by the fact that Wiis will continue to ship throughChristmas and beyond. We’re encouraged by the rain check program that they justannounced with Gamestop. We think as the installed base grows, it’s only goingto be good news for Carnival Games and we think it’s a must have title, so weare pretty excited about it and we think it’s going to extend well beyond thisChristmas.  And as I said, we’ll be extending that to other platforms.Yes, it’s a growing franchise with growing characters and we plan to exploitthose as well.  With respect to Grand Theft Auto, we’re committed tosimultaneously ship PS3 and 360. 
Evan Wilson - PacificCrest Securities: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam [Knowle] withCowen & Company. 
Adam Knowle - Cowen& Company: Thanks, guys. All my questions have already been answered. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey withJanco Partners. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Follow-ups, I was curious if you could update us on yourcost cutting. I think you were looking for $25 million run-rate by the end ofyour ’08 period, with a potential for upside. Can you give us some clarity onthat?
Benjamin Feder: That’s exactly still accurate. We expect to realize the $25million largely in its entirety by the end of ’08 and we think there’s furthercost reduction to be done, although to be clear, it will not be headcountdriven. It will be driven from non-headcount related costs, so really drivenfrom getting the core business more efficient but we don’t expect to do thisthrough headcount reductions. We are really happy with the team and thestructure and we are in growth mode. 
Strauss Zelnick: Just a little bit of detail, I think we -- we think we’vegot about $10 million in 2007, the rest coming in 2008. It doesn’t includesavings from legal costs and we expect those legal costs to go downdramatically as we continue to settle out some of the outstanding litigation.So I would say $25 million is a floor. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Okay, and the legal costs, that was -- was that an extrathree to four per quarter, or -- 
Benjamin Feder: In 2007, we spent $17 million in outstanding litigation and weexpect that number to be reduced dramatically. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Okay, great and then the margin on Borderlands, and this anexternally developed property, right? So it’s going to be a little bit lower?
Benjamin Feder: Correct. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Okay. And I’m sure, Strauss, you would have pushed a pressrelease on this but SEC and DA investigation, any updates there or any [inaudible]you can give us?
Strauss Zelnick: We don’t have anything more to announce. We are doing thebest we can to get those issues wrapped up as expeditiously as possible. As youknow, we can put our best forward and we still have to address the internalconcerns of those agencies. 
Mike Hickey - JancoPartners: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Seeing as there are no further questions in the queue, Iwould like to turn the call back to management for any concluding remarks. 
Benjamin Feder: Really appreciate you joining us, we feel good about thequarter, we feel good about the way things are going and we feel especiallyoptimistic about the fiscal year that’s ahead of us. Thanks for joining ustoday. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference.Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-09-10 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Cindi Buckwalter – EVP, IR  Strauss Zelnick – Chairman  Ben Feder- CEO  Lainie Goldstein - CFO  Seth Krauss - Counsel
 Analysts: Heath Terry - Credit Suisse  Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities  John Taylor - Arcadia  Edward Urban - Bear Stearns  Douglas Krupp - Cowen and Co.   Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets   Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers   Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research   Ben Schachter - UBS Securities 
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive third quarter 2007 results. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice President for Take-Two Interactive. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter, you may begin.
 Cindi Buckwalter : Welcome, and thank you for joining us for today's call. Today's one-hour call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, our Chairman; Ben Feder, our CEO; and Lainie Goldstein, our CFO. We are also joined by Seth Krauss, Take-Two's Chief Legal Counsel. The entire team will be available to answer questions you may have during the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe Harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us at this time. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2006 and our 10-Q for the third quarter ended July 31, which we are filing tonight; or, by contacting the SEC.  Now let me turn the call over to Strauss.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks Cindi and good afternoon. Thanks for joining us today. I'm very proud of the way Take-Two has performed as an organization in the third quarter, and particularly in the past month. The period hasn’t been without challenges, to say the least. The team at Take-Two has responded to those challenges decisively, constructively and professionally and as a result, we have made solid progress on a number of fronts.  This afternoon I would like to comment on our efforts to manage and grow the company's extremely valuable portfolio of video game assets; then Ben will talk about various operational developments and Lainie will review our financial results and guidance. We intend to provide you with a good deal of detail about our past performance and our future plans today, and I hope the takeaway will be this: we have rapidly addressed a number of Take-Two's historic issues and we are now focused on future growth. We are deeply committed to building the company's major game franchises and to creating new ones. Our most important focus in the months and years ahead will be building and diversifying our revenue streams. Simply stated, we are moving from fixing the company to managing and growing our business.  Much has already been said about the delay in the release schedule for Grand Theft Auto IV, so I will just touch on the topic briefly today. I think it's important to emphasize that our actions demonstrated that the Take-Two team can and will make tough decisions that we think are in the best interests of our consumers, our core brand and product franchises, and our shareholders. Everyone here agreed on the need to devote the additional time necessary to make a game we can all be proud of. Once that game is delivered, we are confident that consumers will respond enthusiastically, with the fervor that only a Grand Theft Auto title can command. By the way, I just saw the latest build of the game on Friday, and it looks great. In the case of Manhunt 2, our Rockstar team responded quickly and effectively to the ratings issue. They produced a modified version and have received an M rating from the ESRB, while preserving the spirit and experience of this extraordinary game. As a result, Manhunt 2 will launch on Wii, PS2 and PSP in North America in October, in time for Halloween. We have high hopes for the performance of this title.  I'm particularly pleased with the tremendous market response to 2K's BioShock. The game has received unprecedented ratings. It is the highest rated Xbox 360 title in history and it is the highest rated game this year across all console platforms, according to MetaCritic. It's also generating lots of buzz among consumers. It is reportedly the top-selling title at Gamestop. In less than a month since launch, we have already shipped more than 1.5 million units; clearly, we have a new hit franchise on our hands. This one was developed internally and we own the IP. We are proving our ability to diversify Take-Two's product portfolio. We are also building on the growing opportunity in casual games. Today we announced the formation of 2K Play, a new publishing label aimed at providing fun and engrossing family-friendly games for players of all ages and skill levels. The cornerstone of 2K Play is our new videogame partnership with Nickelodeon, featuring several of their top-rated properties including Dora the Explorer and Go, Diego, Go! which will be among the first titles to debut under the 2K Play label this fall. Also in the casual game space I'm pleased to say that we already have a hit that demonstrates the breadth of our product range, Carnival Games, for the Wii. The success of this family-oriented, wholly-owned and internally developed title shows that our developers have actually been ahead of the curve engaging and satisfying the demand for casual games. I think it is worth noting that seven of the titles in our pipeline are being developed for the Wii as our teams are responding rapidly to the popularity of that system. We have a really strong pipeline for holiday 2007 and all of 2008. We are also pleased to provide our initial fiscal 2008 financial guidance today. Although it is early, I think it is worth mentioning that 2009 also is shaping up to be strong. Fiscal 2008 includes the highly anticipated titles Grand Theft Auto IV, Midnight Club: Los Angeles, Bully: Scholarship Edition, our complete Sports lineup and Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution. We also recently announced Borderlands, our first person shooter from legendary game developer Gearbox Software.  Looking further out to 2009, we have announced Mafia 2, the sequel to the original title that sold over 2 million units. We are also developing L.A. Noire and Beaterator. We have moved those titles out of fiscal 2008. We will have more to say about our fiscal 2009 pipeline over the coming months. Turning back to the reception of our games, our teams recently returned from the Games Convention in Leipzig where we received a terrific response to our upcoming titles. 2K showcased Borderlands, Mafia 2 and Civilization Revolution along with our Sports titles to a very enthusiastic audience. We think the initial gamer response is really promising for these highly anticipated titles. Rockstar debut Table Tennis for the Wii at the convention, and Leipzig was also part of our worldwide launch of the highly anticipated Midnight Club: Los Angeles. We demoed the game to European retailers, the press and almost 200,000 consumers on the show floor. We also unveiled the title to the U.S. press in San Francisco, to consumers at the Penny Arcade Expo in Seattle and to retailers and press in Sydney; it's been a busy time. Judging from the action of worldwide press, retailers and consumers, we think this title will be the best in the racing genre, both critically and commercially. I should note that our Midnight Club franchise has been extremely successful; it sold over 11 million units to date. Our latest version in the title Midnight Club III has already sold 6 million units. Finally, I would like to comment on our outlook for 2K Sports. Based on our assumptions and market outlook, we are budgeting for our sports business to be profitable next year. We think this has been an under -appreciated asset of Take-Two and we made the decision early on to continue our commitment to producing high quality Sports titles. It is gratifying to be able to report that our investment in Sports is already close to contributing to the bottom line in fiscal 2007, and budgeted to be profitable in fiscal 2008. We anticipate increased profitability of the business as it scales up. From the start of our involvement with Take-Two, we believed this could be the most creative and innovative company in our industry. We feel even more confident that is the case now. We are also working hard to make it the most efficient.  I would like to turn the call over to Ben.
Ben Feder: Thanks, Strauss. As Strauss mentioned, Take-Two has made progress on a number of fronts in the third quarter. I will detail that progress in the next few minutes. Some of the developments that I will discuss have been announced previously, although it is worth recapping them to give you a perspective on how much we have accomplished in a short time. One of our priorities has been to identify alternatives for non-core businesses. We announced on Friday the sale of substantially all of the assets of our Joytech Video Game Accessories business to Mad Catz Interactive. While this was a small deal, it represents a significant milestone in our restructuring efforts.  With respect to the Jack Of All Games business, we have entertained a variety of alternatives. We haven't found one that makes economic sense for Take-Two. While we remain open to other alternatives, we plan to operate the business for the foreseeable future in a way that will optimize its performance and take advantage of distribution opportunities and growth in the next gen environment. This business is profitable and we expect that to continue.  We continue to work with the Manhattan District Attorney and the SEC toward a resolution of any outstanding matters. You have all seen the announcement last month that Take-Two received a Wells Notice from the SEC. It's important to note and I want to emphasize that the alleged conduct that was the source of the SEC action ceased approximately four years ago, and that none of the individuals said to be involved are employed by the company today. The Wells Notice was anticipated and reflects our continuing dialogue with the SEC staff. We hope and expect to resolve this matter to a settlement rather than to contested litigation of the charges, and we believe the Wells Notice represents a significant step forward toward resolution. I will remind you that professional fees and legal expenses related to the District Attorney and the SEC investigations consumer class action and other regulatory and litigation issues were approximately $15 million year-to-date so the progress we are making in resolving these matters is meaningful to our financial performance.  I particularly want to emphasize our success in broadening and diversifying our product portfolio. Today the company can claim more top-tier franchises than at any time in its history. In addition to Grand Theft Auto, our roster of million-plus wholly owned brands includes BioShock, Civilization, Midnight Club, Max Payne, Red Dead Revolver, Manhunt and Bully. We fully intend to leverage these products which are on development cycles that should complement and counterbalance each other. We also have the recurring revenue streams which we expect to be profitable from our Sports business.  As Strauss noted earlier, our commitment is to ensure that Take-Two is the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient company in our industry. Our progress during the third quarter, divesting of non-core assets, pursuing the resolution of regulatory litigation issues, and importantly, adding to our hit-driven creative portfolio shows how serious we are about that commitment. We believe that the single most important value creator in the future will be growing Take-Two's major game franchises and creating new ones. Our focus in the months and years ahead will be growth and diversity of our major game franchises.  Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Lainie who will review our financial results.
 Lainie Goldstein : Thanks, Ben and good afternoon everyone. I will be covering several topics today. First I will review our third quarter results; second, our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2007; and third, our initial guidance for fiscal 2008.  Now to our Q3 results. Net revenue was $206 million compared with $241 million a year ago. Our non-GAAP net loss, which excludes unusual charges and stock-based compensation, was $46 million compared to $19 million last year. Non-GAAP net loss per share in Q3 was $0.64 per share compared to a net loss per share of $0.27 last year. Our GAAP results, which include a total of $12.4 million in unusual charges and stock-based compensation expenses were a net loss of approximately $59 million or $0.81 per share. This compares to the net loss of $91 million or $1.29 per share in the third quarter of 2006.  Our 2007 Q3 net loss included a $13.5 million valuation allowance against deferred tax assets and caused us to realize no tax benefit for the carryforward tax effect of this loss. This compares to a $59.5 million valuation allowance in Q3 of last year.  Our decline in revenue year over year was primarily due to the strong sales last year of our Grand Theft Auto series, especially Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories for PS2 which shipped in June of last year.  Our leading titles this quarter were the Darkness, Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, All-Pro Football 2K8 and the BIGS. Our sports business was once again a strong contributor to revenue. Sports titles represented about 28% of our publishing revenue in the third quarter. Looking at the breakdown of our total revenue, the mix was 76% publishing, 24% distribution for the recent quarter compared to 80% publishing, 20% distribution in Q3 of last year.  Our distribution business was roughly flat compared to last year’s third quarter. Revenue from distribution of next-gen platforms increased due to the introduction of the Playstation 3 and Wii during our current fiscal year. This is offset by the decline in volume in average selling prices of legacy platform titles along with reduced sales and lower margins for PC titles this year.  Looking at our consolidated results, our total gross profit margin for the quarter decreased this year to 18.5% compared to 23.7% last year. This decrease is mainly due to our distribution business being a greater percentage of our overall revenue and higher license cost from the larger number of licensed titles sold this quarter compared to last year when our Grand Theft Auto titles were a significant percentage of revenue. Relative to our Q3 results, we expect gross profit margins to increase in the fourth quarter and in fiscal 2008 as our revenue mix shifts towards internally developed, wholly owned title. Our operating expenses in the third quarter were approximately $95 million, down almost $9 million from last year's third quarter. Operating expenses decreased in all areas except depreciation and amortization, which was up slightly, and selling and marketing which increased as a result of our new All-Pro Football, Stakes and Darkness franchises.  G&A fell by approximately $9 million year-over-year due to lower stock-based compensation as a result of the departure of our former management team and savings realized from our development studio closures last year. Also, last year's third quarter included some unusual charges for our stock option investigation, studio closures and certain relocation costs.  R&D expenses declined by $6 million year over year driven by the studio closures last year, and higher software capitalization rates this year for next-gen platforms. Additionally, last year's Q3 R&D numbers included some charges related to our studio closures. We also reported $8.5 million in impairment charges last year, primarily related to JoyTech . In this year's third quarter, we incurred business reorganization and related expenses of $7.1 million, due to our cost savings initiatives and management changes.  The last area of discussion on our income statement relates to taxes. As a reminder and as we've discussed on previous calls, in light of our domestic cumulative losses for the past three years, we are required under FASB 109 to record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets. Accordingly, our effective tax rate was negative 4% in the third quarter. It's important to note that as we generate taxable income in the U.S. in future periods, we will be able to recapture these deductions and have a lower than normal effective tax rate. Moving onto to our balance sheet, at the end of Q3 we had approximately $51.6 million in cash and $11 million of borrowings on our $100 million credit line, with $89 million available under the line. Our overall cash position was solid at the end of Q3; the majority of our cash balance was in Europe. We drew down on our lines because repatriating cash to US is not currently tax efficient.  We have had several questions about liquidity and so we would like to address the issue here. We manage cash utilization in a disciplined manner and have taken into account the expected timing of releases including strong cash-generating titles like Grand Theft Auto IV and BioShock. While the recent change in our release schedule affected our near-term cash flow forecast, other than timing, our financial position has not changed. We have our $100 million credit line to fund periodic working capital needs. We will continue to tap into that line as needed. We plan to draw down on the line further in the fourth quarter, so you can expect to see a greater utilization of the line at the end of our fiscal year. We believe that should our business needs or growth opportunities require additional financing in the future, there are various additional liquidity sources available to us. In any event, we will make any determinations regarding financing based on the best interest of all our shareholders.  Our accounts receivable reserve stood at about $66 million at end of the quarter, representing approximately 40% of gross receivables. Our Q3 reserves were approximately 16% of trailing six months revenue and about 10% of trailing nine months revenue, about comparable to last year's Q3 level.  Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately $76 million, down significantly from $96 million at year end and $83 million at Q3 last year, due to our reduced sales volume and continued focus on managing Jack's inventories level.  The increase in our software development costs and licenses is primarily related to the key title planned for release over the next 12 to 24 months, including Grand Theft Auto IV, L.A. Noire, BioShock, Midnight Club: Los Angeles and Manhunt 2. We currently have over 35 titles in various stages of development on current and next-gen platform.  Now to our guidance. For fiscal 2007, we are reiterating the Q4 guidance we previously provided which is detailed in our press release. For fiscal 2008, we are issuing initial guidance today. For the full year, we expect earnings per share in the range of $1.30 to $1.50 on a non-GAAP basis; $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion in revenue. This excludes stock-based compensation expense of $0.45 per share and reorganization and restructuring charges and unusual professional fees and legal expenses of $0.05 per share. On a GAAP basis, EPS to be $0.80 to $1. Additionally, fiscal 2008 estimates reflect tax expense attributable to the company's international operations and the benefit of the partial reversal of the valuation allowance previously reported against deferred tax assets.  Let me provide some additional data points on our 2008 outlook. We expect our total revenue mix to be split about 80% publishing and 20% distribution as compared to fiscal 2007, the projected mix of business and publishing will be more favorable from a margin standpoint. On a blended basis for publishing and distribution, we expect gross margins for fiscal 2008 to be about 35%. We expect our split between North America and international revenue to be about 75% to 25%, excluding our Sports and distribution business, our North America and international split is two-thirds to one-third.  Within publishing, we expect the relative breakdown for our four key publishing labels to be roughly 60% from Rockstar, 25% from 2K Sports, and 15% from 2K Games and 2K Play. A significant portion of Rockstar's revenue will come from our premium priced titles Grand Theft Auto IV and Midnight Club: Los Angeles on next-gen platforms, compared to 2007, when a large part of Rockstar's business was lower-priced catalog products on current-gen platforms.  For 2K Games, we expect a greater percentage of sales to come from higher margin, internally owned and developed titles led by BioShock and Civilization Revolution. In 2K Sports we expect to realize our first year of profitability on a label level in fiscal 2008. This assumption is driven by several factors. First, we will be expanding our range of non-licensed sports titles into additional categories with titles like Top Spin 3. Second, we are driving our continued market share gains relative to our competitors in our NBA and College Basketball titles where we compete head to head against lower rated titles. Lastly, we expect to see a continued ramp up in the next-gen installed base going forward and consequently, the greater percentage of our sales at higher software price points, which will favorably impact our profit margins.  Now let me give you an idea of where we see our operating expenses trending. We're coming off of a recent period of high G&A spend, based on some of the regulatory challenges we've had, along with our business reorganization. We see 2008 G&A levels improving by approximately 10% in absolute dollars compared to 2007, based on reduced personnel expenses following our restructuring and decreased professional fees, as we resolve some of our outstanding regulatory issues.  Sales and marketing is closely tied to our product releases. We expect a larger marketing spend in absolute dollars in 2008, while holding relatively stable as a percentage of sales. R&D will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on the products in development. On an annual basis, we expect R&D expenses to increase about 25% due to headcount additions and the higher number of internally developed games in our pipeline. Depreciation and amortization should increase modestly. Based on our current forecast, we expect our effective tax rate to be about 10% in 2008.  To give a bit more color on Q1, we plan to release College Hoops 2K8, Bully's Scholarship Edition and our new Nick Jr. Dora the Explorer and Go, Diego, Go! titles. We also expect continuing strong sales from our Q4 releases including BioShock, Manhunt 2, Rockstar Games presents Table Tennis, Carnival Games and NBA 2K8. To summarize, we see additional opportunities to capitalize on the strength of our core franchises and our sports business in fiscal 2008. The benefit of our restructuring will be fully realized by the end of next year. Taking these factors together, we believe we can show a meaningful improvement in our operating performance in 2008. Looking at fiscal 2009 in general terms, we are laying the groundwork to further improve on our expected fiscal 2008 performance. We now have a baseline of recurring annual products in our sports business with our MLB, NBA and NHL titles complemented by our non-licensed titles in other categories including tennis, football and boxing. In addition, we have developed several triple A multi-million unit selling franchises to provide balance in years without a major Grand Theft Auto release; franchises like Midnight Club, Civilization and BioShock. We also have million unit plus selling franchises including Max Payne, Bully, Manhunt and Red Dead Revolver, which provide incremental revenue opportunity and we expect to add to that strong revenue base with new titles. At this point I will turn the call back to Strauss.
 Strauss Zelnick : Thanks, Lainie. I'd like to conclude by saying that we are very pleased with our recent accomplishments and we look forward to reporting further progress in the months ahead that we believe will lead to profitability and enhance shareholder value.  We will now take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Heath Terry - Credit Suisse. 
 Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : Lainie, of the 35 titles that you mentioned in development, can you give us a breakdown on where those fall, even roughly, between the two fiscal years and which labels we should anticipate those coming under?
Lainie Goldstein: I don't have that detail in front of me, Heath. We can give you an estimate if you give Cindi a call I think we can give you a little more guidance in that area.
 Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : On the relationship with Nickelodeon, I know you'd mentioned a couple of the titles that this is going to impact with Dora the Explorer and Go, Diego, Go! but given that they obviously have another big videogame relationship, as they develop new titles and as you start to work with them on this, are there additional titles that you can talk about or how many games do you expect to do under this relationship on an ongoing basis?
Ben Feder: We can't really talk about any titles other than the ones we have announced. We are excited about our relationship with Nickelodeon. I hope they are excited about doing business with us. I think if you had to parse some of the titles that we are doing versus some of the titles that another video game company is doing, you would see a lower age bracket for us, consistent with our 2K Play announcement. We are hopeful that this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship with Nickelodeon. Beyond that, we can’t really comment on any further titles.
 Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : And then I know you mentioned the 1.5 million that BioShock has shipped into retail. Can you give us an idea just on the latest data that you’ve got on how closely that matches up with the sell through you have seen so far?
Ben Feder: Sell through is pretty terrific. We are not releasing sell through today. I will say that we think it is one of the fastest selling games in video game history. It’s sell through is great, we are thankful that the replenishment rate is pretty quick so that we can go back to the manufacturers and get it out to the marketplace as quickly as they have sold through. But we are very, very pleased with that. We can’t disclose a number today, but we are very pleased with sell through. In fact, we are ecstatic. 
 Heath Terry - Credit Suisse : Given that this is a 2K title and not a Rockstar title, is it fair to assume that you will see a higher margin associated with this title versus some of the others? 
Ben Feder: Yes, we do. I mean other than what we are paying to the hardware manufacturers, there are virtually no royalties associated with those titles. It all goes to the bottom line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities. 
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: Lainie, can you go into a little more detail? I'm sure I understood the answer to your prepared remarks on liquidity. If we look at the financials and the guidance you provided today and the cash obligations that we know about through your filings, it does seem very likely that you will need additional liquidity. So first, is that correct in that assumption and if so, can you be little bit more specific on your ideal source of additional liquidity? 
Lainie Goldstein: I can’t agree with you on that. We really manage our cash very carefully, we look at our cash flow all the time. We have a lot of moving parts and a lot of great titles that are coming out. We are going to look at other opportunities as it make sense for us based on growing our business going forward, but it's not necessarily that we have to get additional liquidity.
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: So if you don’t agree that means that you think you are in good shape, and that is fine. Second, can you just give a bit more granularity on how you are feeling about the baseball license? Any update in terms of renegotiation on that license? Then, with Pro Football, what have you learned from the release this fall? Anything you would change next time, if you are still pleased with your move into football?
Strauss Zelnick: We don't comment on ongoing discussions with third parties and we don't have anything to announce at this time. We do feel good in general about our relationships with all of our licensors and as you heard today, we feel particularly confident about where our sports business is going.  In terms of all Pro Football, I think the game is great. It’s performance has not been as stellar as we would have liked. We still think there is plenty of opportunity to sell that and as we head into the holiday season and as the installed base grows. Given the competitive landscape, we continue to believe that by making games that rate higher than the competitors, consumers will follow and certainly that is the case in the other sports in which we make games and we feel that can be true in football as well. Sports is proving to be a positive bet for the company, the momentum is strong, the wins are back, so we feel good about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Taylor - Arcadia. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : The guidance range has a delta of $300 million and the EPS range is not that affected apparently by that. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the high lows and maybe what the key variables are in there that we ought to keep in mind? I am particularly interested in the low revenue number and the low EPS number. 
Ben Feder: Actually no, the bottom line tracks the top line if you take a look at our historical margins and the industry margins, it actually tracks pretty well. I think the risks are sort of obvious. I would say the biggest risk is what the installed basis and we feel otherwise that we are looking at it reasonably conservative. But clearly the elements are how do our key releases perform? How does our catalog perform? How do consumers pick up the hardware platforms?
John Taylor - Arcadia : The key pickups, the reversals and negatives, if you will next year, are hopefully the elimination of some of the G&A and then the turnaround on the tax line. Is there another big one in there? 
Ben Feder: No. There really isn't. I mean, we are looking at a very strong release schedule and as you pointed out, our costs are declining as are our one-time expenses. This is all news that we previously released and emphasized today. As I said, we are going from fixing the company to building the company and our results are going to look a lot more like industry results in '08, the results of a company that has hit franchises. That's what our numbers are going to look like and frankly our margins are going to look a lot like that too. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : I wonder if you could give us an estimate of what the capitalized lines are going to look like on the balance sheet at fiscal year end and I am also interested in roughly, how much you are going to amortize from what you entered the fourth quarter with for BioShock as you ship that out?
Lainie Goldstein: We don't give that detailed information JT, so I don't have that to share with you today. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Not even a forecasted grand total? 
Lainie Goldstein: No. We have never given that out. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Can you give me guesstimate or a forecast on cash flow from ops for the year or for the fourth quarter? 
Ben Feder: We just announce our cash balances at the quarter. We don't do interim announcements, we just gave you information on Q3 and we also gave information on our general view of liquidity, which is positive. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : Could you breakdown the inventory between publishing and distribution?
Lainie Goldstein: It's about that 60% for distribution and 40% for publishing. 
John Taylor - Arcadia : 60% of the total is distribution? 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Urban - Bear Stearns. 
Edward Urban - Bear Stearns: I just wanted to follow quickly on gross margin. Lainie, you mentioned your fiscal '08 gross margin estimates, and I'm just wondering -- does that guidance imply a gain on the royalty line, or where do you see the most leverage there?
 Lainie Goldstein: Mostly we see it coming out with internally developed titles next year versus licensed and externally developed titles in '08.
Edward Urban - Bear Stearns: So at this point you're not forecasting much in the way of gains on the royalty line?
 Lainie Goldstein: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Krupp - Cowen and Co.
 Douglas Krupp - Cowen and Co.: Could you discuss a little bit the decision to push L.A. Noire and Beaterator out of fiscal '08? Is that something we could expect to see at the beginning of fiscal '09 before the holiday, or later on?
 Strauss Zelnick: We're still developing the titles, and we don't sense here that they will be ready in '08, so right now we're just pushing out the release date and we will be more specific as we have more information. But we are continuing to develop titles. I think our decision was driven in part by the fact that we have such a strong release schedule for '08 and a pretty robust one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets.
 Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: First of all, looking at the release schedule you provided for fiscal '08, how comprehensive is this relative to what is in your guidance? Can you give us an idea as to how many more titles may be in the year or the timing of those titles within the year?
 Strauss Zelnick: It is about 80%, and obviously our big titles that we expect are in here.
 Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Then with regard to the flow of the revenues in fiscal '08, obviously we're looking at GTA 4 coming in the second quarter. Besides that, can you give us an idea as to how the third or fourth quarters may differ in '08 versus '07?
 Lainie Goldstein: We're not ready to share that information yet. We are not giving out quarterly guidance. But hopefully by the next earnings release we will be ready to share that information.
 Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: You will be able to give us some of the key drive titles in each given quarter?
 Lainie Goldstein: Right.
 Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Then looking at Sports quickly for a moment, I think the implication that you have is about $250 million in sports revenue in '08. Can you give us an idea as to how that compares to the expectations for '07?
Ben Feder: I think the answer is we expect it to grow '08 over '07, but we don't break it out. I'm actually not going to comment on your estimate, except to say that we do expect '08 to be a better year than '07. Things are going in the right direction.
 Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: With regards to All-Pro Football, can you give us an idea as to what your plans are with that franchise as far as an annual iteration or if that is something that could come every other year?
Ben Feder: I hope is that it is an annual iteration. We are looking at it. We intend to ship that next year, although we're looking at it carefully. The performance isn't what we expected it to be, although we believe strategically it is important to have football out there in the marketplace as a key competitor in the marketplace. So in looking at a release we're looking at price points, we are looking at the number of ways of being more successful the next time it comes out.
 Edward Williams - BMO Capital Markets: Then last question with regards to Manhunt 2, have you gotten any feedback from retailers in the U.S. that they will not carry the game?
 Strauss Zelnick: Certainly not. It is rated M. There's a whole lot of enthusiasm for the title, as there should be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers.
 Eric Handler - Lehman Brothers: You have a big jump in stock comp next year. Is that purely a function of management's recent award of 2% of all the stock outstanding, or is there anything else in there? Secondly, when you look at your guidance for next year, if you achieve within that range, what type of free cash flow do you figure you can get off of that type of net income?
 Strauss Zelnick: In terms of your first question yes, it is largely driven by the recent formalization of the ZelnickMedia grants. It also includes stock compensation for development employees, which is amortized as the titles are released.  On your second point, you can draw your own conclusions. We actually don't project cash flow. Clearly we do expect 2008 to be a very strong and successful year across all meaningful criteria.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research.
 Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: First, on 2K Play, can you talk about when that process began to formulate that new label, and what resources you are putting in place and what additional resources do you think you'll be putting in there in terms of the number of people working on the label and the amount of titles that might be possible to put out in the next fiscal year or two? Secondly, for fiscal '08 the $0.05 seems relatively light. I guess that implies that you are wrapping most of this up this fiscal year. Maybe you could just comment about where you are in that process that you have outlined. Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the questions. In terms of your first question, 2K Play, the origination came just as we came into the company. It was part of the restructuring thinking as we tried to reorganize the company around a label-oriented structure. Quite frankly, this is mostly Global Star being folded into 2K. It takes advantage of a lot of our current infrastructure. The deal with Nickelodeon is something that we negotiated during that restructuring process. Carnival Games was already in place.  But we are committed to the label for primarily two reasons. One is we're committed to diversifying the product set and the other is we think that casual games is a growth area for the industry and a growth area for Take-Two. But between the diversifying the product set, commitment to casual gaming, the set of assets and infrastructure that we already had in place, we thought it was a good marriage. Putting it under Take-Two gave us a lot of operating efficiency. With respect to litigation we can't really speak for the District Attorney and we can't speak for the SEC. We can't speak for anybody that is a counterparty to any one of our agreements, frankly. I think Seth is doing a terrific job moving these along as quickly as we can, given that we obviously want to put it behind us on the one hand, but want to act in the interest of shareholders on the other. I'm pleased with the progress. When we have something to report obviously we will, but I can't say anything more than that.
 Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: I meant more along the lines of the charges. If you spent $15 million year-to-date and next year the number is $3.7 million.
 Strauss Zelnick: If I could unpack that for you, frankly, I think part of that $15 million is related to litigation, with respect directly to litigation. Part of that $15 million is related to a lot of outside counsel, a lot of disorganization frankly around managing all of that. Since the arrival of Seth we have managed to get our arms around that. It hasn't been easy, but we are getting our arms around it. We're managing it carefully. While we're not providing apples-to-apples, if we were fully organized around outside counsel and litigation, what would it be this year versus last year but I would say even if the level of legal activity were the same as it were last year, we would expect a significant reduction of legal expenses based on the work that Seth has been doing at the company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Schachter - UBS Securities.
 Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: I am wondering a little longer term if you could talk about the brand equity of Grand Theft Auto, how you're going to play that out across various SKUs and various platforms? Really, how do you walk that fine line of producing a lot of titles around this great franchise, but not overstepping it and sort of saturating the market? Really the same question for BioShock, have you thought about that in terms of how far you can bring this franchise to some other platforms, other SKUs? Thanks.
 Strauss Zelnick: I think one of the ways that we do it is and we have shown this already in practice, is that we're driven by making the best interactive entertainment that anyone makes and being passionate about what we do and bringing it to market when it is ready; not just having a release date on a calendar and putting something in the box on that date. I think that is the first point.  I would say just generally speaking what GTA has done has typically been on a release program that is no more frequent than every two years. Some of our competitors for some franchises tend to be really driven by an annual calendar. While the sports business certainly is now an annual calendar business for most titles -- not all, but most -- that is just not true of other interactive entertainment titles from our point of view. We think that there is this balance, not only in terms of how long it takes to develop an A+ title, which is its own sort of internal mechanism that we can't control entirely, it falls into the category we will sell no wine before its time.  But there is also an issue of how do you whet the consumers' appetite and yet keep a franchise alive? We don't tend to think that the best way to do that is necessarily on a lock step annual schedule. If development weren't an issue and a concern, and it didn't come first and foremost to us, this notion of being the most creative company and the most innovative company is crucial to our strategy. If it weren't, I would say probably roughly an every three year schedule would be optimal. If you look historically, that has been largely the case for GTA. I expect we would apply roughly the same strategy to BioShock, because BioShock is shaping up to be a very important franchise. I don't want to say more than that about BioShock because I certainly don't want to jinx it, but I feel awfully good about where that is going.
 Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: Is there anything for other platforms, aside from the next gen console, would you expect a new GTA on a PSP or DS or anything like that? And the same question for BioShock?
 Strauss Zelnick: I think the answer is to the extent that a platform makes sense and there is a base for it and we can deliver a real really high quality product for it, we have a very open mind. We have relationships with all the console producers. Obviously being broader in terms of console penetration is better for the company. But -- and it is a significant but -- not if the title is compromised. We don't tend to believe in simple ports, throw them in the box and ship them. We want every title to stand on its own and to be a terrific piece of creative entertainment.
Ben Feder: I would also say, bear in mind BioShock has been out for three weeks now. We are thrilled with the success, and it has gone beyond our expectations. So give us a little bit of time. The other thing is that Strauss and I have been managing brands for a long, long time. We're not managers that trash the brand to get a short-term hit. So if the expectation is we're going to do what we can and just milk it as quickly as we can, that is not our intention. Our intention is to build long-term brands and long-term franchise value for the company.
 Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: Do you expect to be having any new titles for PS2 going forward? Thanks.
Ben Feder: Look, we know that PS2 has longer legs than people expected. Manhunt is coming out for PS2. We're excited about that. But going forward our platforms are going to be primarily focused on next gen. We think of Take-Two as being a triple-A company, triple-A titles for next gen is going to drive this business. As we said early on when we got to the company, in addition to being a Microsoft and Sony shop, we are also interested in making inroads into the Nintendo world. You'll see a strong pipeline of Wii products and DS products, and we expect to exploit those platforms as well.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I would like to hand it back over to management.
 Strauss Zelnick: Thank you very much for joining us today. We appreciate your attending and stay tuned.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-06-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-06-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software second quarter fiscal 2006 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star, zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice President of Take-Two Interactive Software. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter, you may begin.
Cindi Buckwalter: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our safe harbor statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us at this time. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including our 10-Q for the first quarter ended January 31, 2006, which may be obtained from our website at www.take2games.com, or by contacting the SEC. Today’s call will consist of a presentation by our management team, followed by a question-and-answer period. With me today from Take-Two are Paul Eibeler, our President and CEO, and Karl Winters, our CFO. At this time, I am pleased to introduce Paul Eibeler. Paul.
Paul Eibeler: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. I would like to first summarize a few highlights that we will be discussing today. We made strides in streamlining our global organization. Karl will provide more details shortly, but the reductions we have already made, including those during the current quarter, will result in over $28 million in annual savings. These actions, including closing some development studios, were difficult, but were necessary steps as we continue to manage our business through this tough console transition. We are fortunate to have the industry’s best development talent, the cornerstone of our plans. From Rockstar’s Table Tennis to 2K’s BioShock, we showcased the innovation and quality of our product development teams at E3 last month. This continued focus on creating compelling content will enable Take-Two to grow and gain market share. Finally, we are pleased to announce that the Federal Trade Commission inquiry is closed. There were no fines nor penalties. As always, we are committed to supporting the ESRB educate parents and consumers about the rating system. Let me hand the call over to Karl.
Karl Winters: Thanks, Paul, and good afternoon. Before we review our operating results for the quarter, I would like to provide some insight into the cost-cutting and other initiatives we implemented in Q2 and Q3, and provide details regarding the financial impact on our results. As we mentioned in our Q1 earnings call, the console transition has proven to be more difficult than we and others in the industry had expected, and as a result, we determined it was necessary to streamline our business so that we are better prepared for the opportunities we see ahead of us next year and beyond. We took a hard look at our global operations across all functional areas, and closely examined our product release schedule for both current and next-gen platforms, including reevaluating sales expectations for our titles. Based on that analysis, we made some very difficult decisions, including the decision to close three of our development studios -- Indie Built, Rockstar Vienna, and Frog City -- along with consolidating some of our smaller PC studios into our premier Firaxis Studio. While these decisions were very difficult, since they involve lost jobs along with a short-term financial plus to the company, we believe they are the right long-term decisions given the current market conditions. These are just our most visible cost-saving initiatives. There have been other expense reductions as well. We believe these actions will lead to over $28 million in annual savings going forward. As mentioned in the press release today, the total charge in the second quarter from our asset write-offs and studio closings was approximately $26 million, of which $24 million are non-cash items. When I review the quarter’s results in a minute, I will provide details on how these charges impacted our income statement. In addition to the second quarter charges, we expect to incur approximately $3 million of charges in Q3, when the balance of our planned initiatives are completed. We are also in the process of relocating our international publishing headquarters to Geneva from the U.K. This move is not only a cost-savings measure, but it should also benefit us in several other ways. Switzerland provides a more central location to support our growth in Europe, it offers a favorable business environment, and it is in close geographic proximity to attractive emerging markets. We expect this relocation to result in approximately $3 million in charges in fiscal 2006, spread over the third and fourth quarters. Now, moving on to our Q2 operating results. Net sales for the second quarter were $265 million compared to $222 million a year ago. Our net loss for the quarter was $50 million, or $0.71 per share, compared to a net loss of $8 million, or $0.12 per share in the second quarter of 2005. Total revenue in the second quarter was up 19% compared to Q2 last year due to a 36% increase in our publishing business. Publishing revenue was led by the sales of The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion for X-Box 360 and PC, which together represented about 40% of publishing revenue. This was followed by Major League Baseball 2K6 on multiple platforms, which was approximately 14% of publishing revenue in the quarter. Other leading Q2 titles were Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories for PSP, Top Spin 2 for X-Box 360, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas and Midnight Club 3: Dub Edition Remix, both for PS2. Our sports business was once again a strong contributor to revenue. Sports titles represented over 30% of our publishing revenue in the second quarter. Jack of All Games’ second quarter revenue declined year over year, due primarily to reduced sales of current generation hardware and software, and a decrease in average selling prices as the industry transitions to next-gen platforms. On a positive note, Jack’s hardware and accessory business picked up due to the introduction and increased availability of X-Box 360 hardware. Additionally, even with this significant contribution from hardware, which carries lower margins than software products, Jack achieved gross margins in the double-digits as a result of their continued focus on margin expansion. Looking at our consolidated results, our total gross profit margin for the quarter was significantly impacted by our product mix, which was heavily weighted toward lower margin licensed titles in our publishing business. Our internally owned, internally developed titles, which typically provide much higher margins, represented less than 20% of our publishing revenue in the quarter, while our sports business contributed over 30% of the quarter’s publishing revenue, and our licensed external products were 50%. The bulk of our licensed product revenue came from The Elder Scrolls, which was co-published with Bethesda Softworks. As we said in prior earnings call, co-publishing gross margins can range anywhere from 20% to 40%, and in this case, tip toward the lower end of that range. Major League Baseball 2K6 was also a big driver of revenue, and carries fairly high royalty costs. These two titles were the leading factors in our increased Q2 royalty expense compared to last year. In comparison, our publishing business in Q2 last year was led by Midnight Club 3: Dub Edition and Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, both higher margin, internally owned and internally developed titles. Also impacting gross margins in Q2 this year were approximately $18 million in write-offs of software development costs for several titles, resulting primarily from our reassessment of sales expectations. Our software development costs were also higher this year due to the larger number of internally developed titles that were released compared to Q2 last year. In the second quarter, our product costs increased because of our higher volume of business, but decreased as a percentage of revenue due to our mix of publishing and distribution business. Our revenue split in the quarter was roughly 75% publishing and 25% distribution, compared to our publishing-distribution split of 66% versus 34% in Q2 last year. Our operating expenses in the second quarter were approximately $95 million, up about $11 million from last year’s second quarter, primarily driven by nearly $8 million of charges related to our write-offs and cost-cutting initiatives. However, our selling and marketing expenses declined year over year, due primarily to a reduction in marketing and co-op expenses. Additionally, our marketing expenses were higher last year as we heavily supported the launch of our 2K Sports and 2K Games publishing labels, which were established in fiscal 2005. G&A expenses rose this year as a result of additional rent and new offices for the development studios we have acquired since last year’s second quarter, increases in IT expenses for system improvements, along with higher professional and legal fees. R&D expenses increased due to the additional employees from studio acquisitions, as well as $2 million in severance and other costs related to the closure of our Indie Built and Frog City Studios during the quarter. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased, primarily due to about $6 million in write-offs of intangibles and trademarks related to our cost-cutting initiatives. The increases in our operating expenses were partially offset by reduced incentive compensation this year due to the company’s performance. At the end of Q2, we had about $141 million in cash, as compared to $107 million in cash at year-end. Net accounts receivable at the end of the second quarter were approximately $130 million, compared to $198 million at the end of Q4 and $127 million at this time last year. Our DSO’s in Q2 were approximately 44 days compared to 58 days in the fourth quarter and 52 days in the second quarter last year. Our accounts receivable reserves stood at about $88 million at the end of the quarter, representing approximately 40% of gross receivables. Our Q2 reserves were approximately 17% of trailing 6 months revenue, and about 11% of trailing 9 months revenue, higher than last year’s Q2 levels due to the mix of publishing product we sold this year. Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately $92 million, down significantly from $136 million at year-end, and $117 million at Q2 last year, due to our continued focus on managing Jack’s inventory levels. Our software and development costs and licenses totaled about $106 million at the end of the quarter, compared to approximately $118 million at the end of year-end, at about the same level at this time last year. We currently have over 45 titles in various stages of development on current and next-gen platforms. While we have talked in prior earnings calls about the number of SKU’s in development, which represent all the different platforms titles are being developed for, we think it is more meaningful to talk about titles than SKU’s. While we are discussing the balance sheet, I want to give you a heads-up that beginning with our July 31st financial statements, you will see deferred revenue broken out on our balance sheet, relating to agreements for online content, in-game advertising, and licensing of our intellectual property. Most recently, we have received approximately $35 million of payments in our third quarter, and we expect to receive additional payments this year.  To the extent we have not performed the obligations required under these agreements, we will report such payments as deferred revenue on our balance sheet. Now a few comments about the future. We are assuming a continued cautious retail environment in 2006 due to the ongoing console transition. While we still do not have the visibility to provide detailed financial guidance, given the short-term uncertainty, we can provide some data points that should be helpful in updating your models. First, to address the balance of 2006: as we said in the press release, we expect to return to profitability in Q4, driven primarily by our release schedule and also by the anticipated ramp up in consumer spending as we approach the holiday season. For fiscal 2007, we expect to be profitable for the year, although we anticipate the normal seasonality of the business to lead to significant variability in our quarterly results. Additionally, to provide some more color around our expectations for our three key publishing labels, next year we would expect the relative breakdown of our publishing revenue to be roughly about 50% from Rockstar, and the remaining 50% from 2K Sports, 2K Games, and Global Star. I would also like to provide some more details about our sports business, both the present and future, to demonstrate why we are excited about this business and why we have committed significant capital to it, both from a development and marketing standpoint. We have invested about $60 million in development studio acquisitions, $40 million in software development since acquiring the studios, and another $80 million in licenses and IP for products delivered to date. We have assembled 9 top-quality development teams with about 300 people working on our sports titles. We have already made some major traction in the category, with close to $100 million in sports business in just the first 6 months of fiscal 2006, compared to about $65 million for all of fiscal 2005. We have secured long-term license agreements with the NBA, NHL, NCAA, and an exclusive third-party deal with Major League Baseball. Our NBA X-Box 360 title has been selling well against the competing product at comparable retail pricing, so we are clearly executing on the strategy that we outlined to you when we entered the sports business. The next critical step in leveraging our sports investment is capturing the opportunity of next-gen, which we always said was our sweet spot in sports, when we expect to leverage the benefits of both premium software pricing and increased hardware penetration. To give you an idea of the leverage provided by higher software pricing and higher unit sales, let me walk through a few numbers from NPB for our U.S. sales. In fiscal 2005, if you exclude the NFL title which we no longer offer, in the U.S. alone we sold just under 3 million units of sports titles at an average retail price of about $20. Year-to-date in fiscal 2006, we sold close to 2 million units at an average retail price of about $35, as estimated by NPB. Based on our current model, and expected release schedule, we expect to sell more than 5 million units of sports titles in the U.S. in 2007, at an average retail price of $45. Assuming these levels of sales in the U.S., and additional international sales, our sports business should become profitable and a much more meaningful business for us next year. In addition to higher pricing and greater hardware penetration, we expect to see increasing levels of in-game advertising in our sports titles. We already have advertising in several of our sports games, and given the attractive demographics of sports video game players and the amount of time they spend playing video games, we expect advertising within our sports titles to increase significantly. Online game play should also become a valuable revenue source for us, as we believe sports fans are very interested in subscription services and other downloadable content to keep their stats up to date and game play experience fresh. So while the sports business is a long-term commitment for Take-Two, it is one we think is clearly well worth the effort. For our overall business, we see multiple drivers for operating margin expansion longer term. The cost-cutting initiatives announced today, with anticipated annual savings of over $28 million, will have a positive impact on our margins going forward. As the install base of new hardware platforms ramps up in 2007, we will realize higher unit sales for our next-gen titles, which should translate into a faster recoupment of our development costs. We expect to continue to see higher average retail pricing on new releases for the next-gen hardware platforms. In addition to higher software pricing, we are beginning to see incremental revenue from in-game advertising, as well as licensing our IP for mobile platforms and other products. With a continued consumer adoption of online game play as the next-gen platforms roll out, we will also begin to capture high margin sales from micro transactions and subscription revenue, and as we announced at E3, from the delivery of episodic content for our games. Lastly, the recent opening of our 2K office in Shanghai provides the opportunity to both reduce development costs for our titles and generate incremental revenue streams for the sale of localized content in international markets. Taking these factors together, we believe we can show meaningful improvement in our operating margins in 2007 and 2008. At this point, I will turn the call back to Paul.
Paul Eibeler: Thanks, Karl. FTC -- I want to revisit the news announced by the Federal Trade Commission today. As you can imagine, we are pleased that the FTC has concluded its very thorough investigation and that the matter has been resolved. We recognize the importance of the FTC investigation and the necessity of maintaining public confidence in the ESRB rating system, and helping the ESRB educate parents and consumers about the rating system. We look forward to putting this behind us and focusing on what we do best -- creating interactive entertainment. Our outlook for the industry is unchanged. Beyond the short-term challenges and uncertainty, we continue to have great confidence in our long-term prospects for ’07 and beyond. We are driven by the exciting technological capabilities of the next-gen systems, the growing installed base of hardware with the increase in online adoption rates, the consumer appetite for compelling content and most importantly, the talent of our product development organization. Our job now is to prepare for the next wave of growth by continuing to manage through the transition and focus on three strategic priorities. First, continuing to support our high-quality, diverse product line-up for ’06. Second, improving the efficiency of our operations and leveraging our strength as a top-tier publisher, and third, maintaining our investment in strong development resources. Content -- the Take-Two story is, and always will be, about exciting quality product. We are continuing to create an increasingly diverse line-up based on strong established brands and compelling new titles. Our product strength was evident in the quarter. Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion and Major League Baseball 2K6 were among the top ten titles for April in the NPB rankings. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas was the top title for February according to NPB, with sales spurred by the Greatest Hits pricing. Rockstar’s other Greatest Hits title for the quarter was Midnight Club 3: Dub Edition Remix. Also during the quarter, 2K released 24: The Game for PS2, and Top Spin 2 for X-Box 360, Gameboy, and DS. We finished the quarter as the number two publisher in the U.S. for April, and had over a 30% increase in both dollars and units compared to April ’05. What we saw at E3 strengthens our optimism for the long term. We are pleased that Sony and Nintendo have announced November ship dates for PlayStation 3 and Wii. For PS3, we have a number of projects on the way, and expect to have several titles available in the launch period. Nintendo’s Wii should provide additional opportunities for our sports and mass-market family titles. The X-Box 360 has shown the strong consumer demand in both their appetite for next-gen content and acceptance of higher price points for these products. We believe the next-gen technology plays to our strengths as game developers, as we continue to make compelling and ground-breaking products. The investments we have made during this cycle in building our strong product development resources of over 1,100 people ensure our ability to create compelling content. We are pleased with the improvements we have been able to make in both game play and graphics, as our developers have become more confident with the 360. Rockstar’s Table Tennis is an excellent example of this. Released worldwide last week and shown at E3, this title has created a lot of buzz, receiving Team X-Box and Gamespot nods as the best sports game of E3. Our next generation line-up continues to grow. The announcement of Rockstar’s Grand Theft Auto IV, which will launch simultaneously on PlayStation 3 and X-Box 360 in October ’07, was the most anticipated news event at E3. Additionally, we announced a Rockstar/Microsoft strategic alliance, where Rockstar will provide exclusive downloadable episodic content for X-Box Live. This is a new area of opportunity for us, with the potential to drive incremental sales and extend the product life cycle. Downloadable episodic content is one of several ways we will maximize the value of our key brands to create additional revenue streams. Also at E3, Rockstar announced Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories for PSP, shipping on October 17th ’06, further extending the Grand Theft Auto brand -- an all-new story set in Vice City. This game promises to be an exciting hardware driver for the holiday season. As announced yesterday, Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories, the best-selling PSP title, is now available in North America on PS2. The game will be on the European retail shelves on June 23rd. 2K also showed a strong and diverse range of titles. BioShock was named Game of the Show by IGN, Gamespot, and others. The title received more than 14 awards and multiple nominations. The Darkness, based on the popular comic book series, also created lots of buzz for its great storyline and game play, receiving numerous critical mentions and nominations. Da Vinci Code premiered at E3 and was available worldwide on PS2, X-Box, and PC, in coordination with the blockbuster Columbia Pictures film on May 19th . 2K and Microsoft demonstrated the multi-player function of Prey live on the floor at each booth. The game received high praise, with MTV highlighting Prey as the multi-player game of choice. Prey is coming to PC and X-Box 360 next month. The 2K PC line-up is built around five properties: Sid Meier has taken an active role in helping manage our premiere 2K development studios. His experience and intuitive knowledge of the industry are true assets for the entire organization. Licensed product from 2K included The Family Guy from Fox, The Darkness, based on the successful comic book series and developed by critically acclaimed Starbreeze developer, as well as Ghost Rider, a popular Marvel comic book franchise that will be released in coordination with a feature film starring Nicholas Cage scheduled for February. We provided a first look at part of our broad sports line-up: NHL 2K7, NBA 2K7, and College Hoops 2K7. We demonstrated the features of MLB 2K6 on X-Box 360. 2K Sports E3 titles were nominated for more than eight awards, and NBA 2K7 was both IGN’s and Game Daily’s best sports games, with BET calling it the hottest game around. I am pleased to say that we recently signed a multi-year, non-exclusive licenses with the NHL and NHLPA. We now have a sports line-up built around solid, long-term licenses with the four major leagues. Operating efficiency -- we have taken decisive steps to streamline operations, making our internal development studio resources more productive. Investing in development resources -- while we pursue cost efficiencies, we believe it is also important to strike a balance between the need to manage expenses and to invest in creative resources to capture the opportunities of the next cycle. Along these lines, we established 2K Shanghai, both as a development studio and a centre for sales and marketing. This presence will allow us to tap into the growing China game market and provide access to that country’s development talent. The first title from 2K Shanghai, due out this summer, will be the localized Chinese version of Sid Meier's Civilization IV for PC. As a result, we continue to have one of the most diverse and talented development organizations in the industry, with over 1,100 employees in seven countries. By comparison, we entered the cycle in 2000 with approximately 100 people in product development. Since that time, we have added studios like Angel, now Rockstar San Diego, Moebius, now Rockstar Leeds, Visual Concepts, KUSH Games, Irrational, and Firaxis. Looking to the future, we are increasingly confident in our prospects in ’07 and beyond. Here are a few of the factors that we believe will contribute to stronger results: In summary, we are highly focused on the future, continuing to develop compelling content and building our diverse product line, streamlining operations to manage through the transition, and investing in the innovations that will drive improved margins in ’07 and beyond. Again, thanks for your time today. Operator, we will now open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mr. Heath Terry of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Heath Terry: Great, thank you. Karl, could you give us a little bit more detail on the decision to break out deferred revenue? How much of that is directly tied to the Microsoft deal in terms of you providing online content to that versus being tied to the in-game advertising deals that you have put together?
Karl Winters: We are excited to be in a variety agreements that really cover the online content, the in-game advertising, the licensing of IP -- we think this has shown a material trend for us for the future. We have chatted about this at E3. We have chatted about it in the recent past and we think we are at a point where it is becoming meaningful and significant in terms of revenue capabilities for this company and really leveraging that IP in a variety of new ways, and we talked about the sports titles included there-in. I think in respect to some of the confidentiality and competitive nature of the business, we are not going to break out details player by player, but there are a number of players involved in those revenue streams, and you can imagine from sports and the other pieces of IP that we have, that people would find that interesting. I am afraid we cannot give you much more color than that.
Heath Terry: Is there an anticipated life of that $35 million in deferred revenue that you can’t talk about?
Karl Winters: I think other than to say that we will appropriately match it in the future when we have provided services for the agreements represented by that number. We certainly are talking about fiscal ’07 and things like that in terms of timeframes.
Heath Terry: Okay. Paul, the $18 million charge for writing off products and development, can you talk about how many products that represents? Are there any of those that you all put a name to before? One change that I think we are noticing in the product line-up is previously you talked about an unnamed Rockstar sequel coming out for the current generation this year. Was that one of the titles that was written off, or has that simply been pushed to fiscal ’07?
Karl Winters: I think the titles that we are talking about in terms of write-offs were about a half a dozen, and then Paul, with regard to the release schedule for the future.
Paul Eibeler: Going back to the cost-savings, the cuts that we made were part of a long process. It was very difficult because of the growth path that we have been on. We continue to be extremely prudent, and we are examining every cost and every expense as we go through this transition. Period. In terms of the Rockstar line-up, we traditionally play that line-up fairly close to the vest. As we have evaluated the market place, we have made some decisions and are in the process of making decisions with some products, of whether they belong on existing gen or whether we can use those assets and move them to next-gen. We are real pleased with the Table Tennis. We clearly identified the Vice City Stories for the back half of the year and identified Bully, and additional products from Rockstar. We will give more color as we go through the year.
Heath Terry: That one title though, specifically, the one that on previous calls you had talked about coming out this year, was that one moved or was that one…?
Paul Eibeler: That one was planned for existing gen, and we will have to follow-up with you depending on what happens in the near future, with the market place and some things we are doing in product development.
Heath Terry: Okay, but it is definitely off the table for this year?
Paul Eibeler: Correct.
Heath Terry: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. P.J. McNealy with American Technology Research. Please proceed with your question.
P.J. McNealy: Good afternoon. I think there is a little bit of frustration over the lack of guidance. I mean, the EPS for this quarter, for example, was not anywhere near where you guys came in. When you look out and can see that fiscal year ’07, that you can have some profitability in the sports line, and fiscal year ‘08’s titles, why not give guidance for the coming quarter and for the fiscal year and set expectations at this point?
Karl Winters: P.J., as you know, we have not been providing guidance in the recent past. We are trying to provide meaningful data points or mileposts for the future. The analysts estimates are obviously a product of everyone’s individual research, and there is a pretty big range of estimates out there, even for the current quarter that we just concluded. The results last quarter included over $26 million worth of charges for our right-sizing the portfolio and addressing the strategic interest that we want to pursue for the business at hand. We continue to really try to work to improve the financial performance. We do have that optimism for the future, and when we feel comfortable that we understand the install base and the hardware launches and consumer behavior at a tighter level, we will get back into that in a more meaningful way.
Paul Eibeler: We do share your frustration, but there are a lot of uncertain factors, or uncertainty in the market place right now. We are very excited. We just shipped Liberty City Stories, which got some very, very good reviews and ratings for a game that was the No. 1 title on the PSP and we moved it to the console. We think it is going to be a big seller, but we do not have the confidence right now to actually put a number out there for you, so we are taking a small break from the guidance, and as we get into some more normalized business factors and conditions, we will make that decision to go back and give guidance. [multiple speakers] …an October year that presents an additional problem in terms of the guidance that is different from some of our competitors.
P.J. McNealy: Are you concerned with the market conditions with high-brow units in the second half of the year with the X-Box 360?
Paul Eibeler: We feel long term the market conditions are great, but short-term, just availability, ship dates, launch quantities, presents some real issues for us in terms of giving short-term guidance.
P.J. McNealy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Williams with Harris Nesbitt. Please proceed with your question.
Edward Williams: Good afternoon. Karl, can you just give us some color on the $28 million savings. Where exactly will we see it on the income statement? Also, if you could just talk about the 2K sports product in ’07, just to make sure I am clear with this, the $45 number that you gave out, that is retail price that you are looking for, on average?
Karl Winters: Yes, answering the last one first, the $45 was the average retail price that we would expect based on the mix of product. Paul alluded to some additional expansion in our sports area, more titles to come, including those as well. With regard to the breakdown of the charge, again, it was approximately $18 million run into the gross margins, and $8 million running through the operating expenses, with approximately $6 million of that running through depreciation/amortization, and $2 million through G&A.
Edward Williams: I was actually looking more for the savings. Where will we see it?
Karl Winters: Oh, the savings, I’m sorry. The savings would show up -- it would principally show up in the G&A and the R&D, into the extent that we are no longer building products there, obviously. We do not have the payroll to run, so you are going to see it really through the operating expense lines.
Edward Williams: Along the lines with the R&D, what do you have right now in Shanghai as far as headcount is concerned? Looking at headcount in general, is the 1,100 a number that we are likely to see constant through the end of the current fiscal year, or is that a number that could fluctuate some more?
Karl Winters: It might trend upward just a bit from the 1,100. We currently have about 20 or 30 people on the ground in Shanghai, and we have plans to expand that somewhat modestly, but this is really sort of our initial entry into that part of the world, and we are going to be prudent about how we approach that. We believe we have the right balance of internal resources and external relationships to really run the portfolio for the near-term here.
Edward Williams: What are your plans as far as the Nintendo Wii? Paul, you alluded to how you could take some of your sports properties, or some of your more family-oriented games towards it. What level of sport do you think Take-Two can provide for Wii? How significant can the Nintendo console really be for you in fiscal ’07, or are we going to have to look out to the later, or beyond?
Paul Eibeler: The positive for us is that we have not been a big player in the Nintendo platform, and the reception that this platform received at the E3 show is one that makes us take a real strong look at it. As we grow our sports business, there are opportunities with our sports games to extend them to the Wii system, particularly if you look at baseball, where we have an exclusive arrangement, as well as some of the other sports games, which would play extremely well on the Wii product, the non-licensed league ones. Some of the 2K products will have an opportunity on the Wii. It is really probably a late ’07 and ’08 opportunity for us, but it presents an additional revenue stream that we did not have before.
Edward Williams: Final question is looking at inventory levels in general, you indicated that Jack’s had gone down, but what was Jack’s in the quarter, and where should we see inventory as the year progresses?
Karl Winters: The inventory split, distribution versus publishing, was about 50-50, so right around the $45 million range.
Edward Williams: Where should that number be as we look toward the end of the year?
Karl Winters: We would expect to maintain it, although we would grow it somewhat in anticipation of the holiday season, given our October 31st year-end. That normally is a balanced working capital position that we can maintain.
Paul Eibeler: In terms of the inventory for the distribution business, that presents a real opportunity for us because that inventory is all quality product. We are selling that and turning that in the market place, but there have been opportunity buys that we can take advantage of for the Jack business. We are running that business very cautiously and really watching all the expenses and really focusing on valuated services to the retail market place.
Edward Williams: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Tony Gikas with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Gikas: Thank you. Just as it relates to the charges in the quarter, what was the change in the headcount of the production staff? Could you identify what the cash flows were during the quarter? Sorry, I missed that, if you mentioned it. Were there any changes to management that we should be aware of, relative to the restructure?
Karl Winters: We’ll take it in the order you laid out, Tony. It was about 200 people. We were marginally cash flow positive for the quarter. We have not announced any executive or senior level changes in management.
Anthony Gikas: Could you just give us a quick update on how sales of The Da Vinci Code have been in the last few weeks?
Paul Eibeler: We shipped it to make the launch of the movie. We have product in full distribution, and it is a little bit early to tell, but we are a little bit cautious right now.
Anthony Gikas: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Osur with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Osur: Thank you. Just a couple questions. Karl, you mentioned other opportunities in the sports business, like advertising and online transactions. Are those critical to your getting profitable in the sports business in fiscal 2007?
Karl Winters: I do not think they are critical. We tried to portray the picture for sports that we are confident that given the number of units we have been able to ship to date and the units that we would foresee in the future for profitable performance, gives us the ability to make such a statement. Those added revenue streams can only advance the ball further -- no pun intended.
Elizabeth Osur: I know you are not looking to give guidance for future years, but is it possible for you to give us some sense of the number of titles that might come out in this year and the next two years?
Karl Winters: I think I would prefer that we defer that for perhaps the next call. We usually do more of an update into, since our fiscal year touches two holiday seasons at the same time in the September time frame, but we wanted to try to address the market place as best we could see it today.
Elizabeth Osur: Final question, on the charge in the second quarter with regard to where that was allocated in the different cost of sales lines. Could you provide a little more detail there?
Karl Winters: The charge really ran through the software development costs.
Elizabeth Osur: All of it?
Karl Winters: Yes.
Elizabeth Osur: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. John Taylor with Arcadia Investment Corporation. Please proceed with your question.
John Taylor: Hello. I have a couple of questions too. You are going to put some deferred revenue on the balance sheet, awaiting your fulfillment of certain things. I am wondering, how should we think about the margin contribution as that starts to come into revenue as you book that? Do you expect there to be much variability over time? Maybe talk around some of those issues. I have a couple after that. Thank you.
Paul Eibeler: For all the different people on your other call, we would be disappointed if you did not have at least four or five questions.
Karl Winters: We’ll take a few more after this one. Obviously, depending on whether we are talking about online content, which implies development costs and monies to be spent, versus the placement of in-game advertising or just the sheer licensing of IP, you will get the different margin assumptions. I think it is fair to note that all would be expected to be very high margin opportunities, and therefore we would not foresee unusual variability that in one period, it would suddenly dip to a low-end of the publishing margin returns versus the high-end in the next quarter. They are going to be specifically related to the shipment of individual games or delivery of content in the future as we approach each unique piece of IP. I do not know that I can break that down for you neatly in terms of this group is in that percentage, or you know, but as you can imagine, there is not a lot to be done with certain segments of that by way of added cost.
John Taylor: Can we assume that if you were to work some of that off on a sports product, because there is some participation from the leagues, there is the contribution from that particular segment would be less than what you might be able to get out of one of your own IP’s?
Karl Winters: I think to the extent that you certainly have the possibility for sharing in certain arrangements, and you should expect that.
John Taylor: Okay. Second question is, you are moving international to Geneva and closing a couple of studios and so on. Are there any other kind of big strategic things that have yet to be addressed, or is that pretty much the heavy lifting that you are going to be doing this time around to get positioned for the next cycle?
Paul Eibeler: That is the majority of the heavy lifting right now.
Karl Winters: We are mindful of the current burn rates and where we are putting our investments, but we really have taken a good hard look recently and we will still be opportunistic if anything strikes us as such.
John Taylor: Okay, and the studios that you closed, were there any titles in particular that those studios were famous for?
Karl Winters: There were about a half-dozen pieces of IP that we had in various stages of development. Some are more significant, perhaps, than others, but for the ones that we think have unique value by way of franchise association, we certainly reserve the right to bring them into the market place with alternative development resources, whether internal or external.  If we have more color on that in the future, we will let you know.
John Taylor: Last question, you gave us the split between Jack and publishing on inventory. Could you give us the same thing on receivables, please?
Karl Winters: The receivables tipped a little heavier towards Jack. Its business ramps up a little bit more in the second half of the second quarter with the spring break holiday, Easter season. The publishing business was shift a little bit more evenly throughout the quarter.
John Taylor: Okay, so there is a higher waiting?
Karl Winters: There is a higher waiting of receivables towards distribution than publishing.
Paul Eibeler: It is really just a timing issue of what they ship versus what publishing ships.
John Taylor: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Daniel Ernst of Hudson Square Research. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Ernst: Good afternoon, thanks for taking the call. Two questions, if I might. Looking at margins, if I back out the charge there, margins is at 13%, still markedly lower than where you have been historically. Can you talk about what else happened in the quarter? I realize there was certainly the large percentage of co-published games, which as you said was in turn towards the bottom end of your range in the 20% to 40% margin, but still that is well above the normalized margin we’re calculating here of 13%. Maybe talk a little bit about what else happened in the quarter than what your expectations are in the near-term, without giving guidance, on the bottom line. At least give us some sense of where you think margins are turning in the near-term, then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Karl Winters: Daniel, it is a reasonable question. We tried to provide a few points in the prepared comments. Really what occurred during the quarter, if you start with the various segments of the publishing business, about 20% of our publishing business came from a wholly-owned internally developed IP. Having said that, that 20% was really catalogue sales from products released in holiday ’05 or earlier. While that is still a nice margin business, it is not as robust as launch quantities on big titles that we might be bringing out, for instance, in the holiday season, or with our premiere pieces of IP franchises. So margin is somewhat compressed within that segment. The sports business, I think as you observed, and others have observed, does not behave at the same level, given the licenses and the royalties that are involved there. So for instance, during the quarter, we had $82 million worth of royalties, against $200 million or thereabouts of publishing business. That is a significant percentage, and the sports business will carry much lower gross margins as a result. Finally, of the 50% or thereabouts remaining, of we’ll call it licensed or externally developed product, about 80% of that number came to us by way of Oblivion, which we said on the call tipped well towards the low-end of the 20% to 40% range of gross margins. When you add all that up, we are somewhat absent this quarter of our higher margin opportunities with our bigger, wholly-owned properties. At this point in the cycle, that is probably appropriate, and we certainly believe that for holiday ’06 and getting into ’07 as we get more next-gen materials and return to premium pricing and an install base that we can really sell too at a profitable level, that margin will expand. Even in the near-term, we have such titles as Liberty City Stories on PlayStation 2. Limited development resources had to be expended to bring that product into the market place. We have such things as Bully, Table Tennis -- these products carry much higher margins and will behave accordingly.
Daniel Ernst: Agreed, but if you look ahead to what you have lined up that has already come out in this quarter, what you have for the current quarter, based on where you are, internal versus external, what do you think margins should shake out in the current quarter?
Karl Winters: We think margins will increase from the current quarter given the mix of product that we expect to have and the nature of it.
Daniel Ernst: Second question, if you look at your strategy for diversification and looking at the sports and that is more easily defined in terms of market and what the expectations are relative to your competition.  As you do new things like move titles, The Da Vinci Code, and you have a meta-critic rating there in the 50’s, what are you doing in terms of quality control in order to ensure that as you diversify, you are putting out those tier 1 titles that you are known for on the Rockstar side. Is there something you can do strategically to alter that path, rather than spin your wheels on developing titles that do not have that attraction to the market place, really, because maybe in part because the quality is not what you are known for?
Paul Eibeler: I think you have to break the business components down a little bit. When you look at our sports business, our sports games have always been highly rated and we have made significant improvements in any of the games that were not highly rated. We believe the Visual Concepts and KUSH and those studios are a great asset and make great products. The Da Vinci Code, when you look at a licensed product, the key to that is making a good product that ships timely with the event, and the event in this case was the movie release. We still think we put a pretty good product out in the market place for that, but you are going to get a different type of review from that gaming editor who likes different types of products. I think Civilization, I think Elder Scrolls, Prey, BioShock -- those products and the quality of those products are really evident in our commitment to delivering compelling content. I think you should reexamine the whole picture and break it out. We do have some games like Family Guy from Fox, which is a different type of audience, and we believe we will put out a very good product, but that product might not get reviewed the same way as BioShock gets reviewed. Our Rockstar guys have always put out tremendous, meta-critic, high-ranking type of games and they will continue to do that. One thing we have done with the Rockstar development is give them all the resources during this cycle to continue that and to actually put out a stronger flow of product as we move into next-gen. Also, Sid Meier. His association with not just Civilization but with our 2K games area -- he is one of the industry greats. He is a real strong asset for us to make compelling content.
Cindi Buckwalter: Operator, at this point, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Mr. Chris Kwak with SIG. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Kwak: Can you hear me okay? Just a couple of questions. On the deferred revenue, if we could just revisit that and just ask, is it going to be broken out into long-term, or is everything short-term in terms of the deferred revenue? Should we assume that the cash is going to be collected up-front?
Karl Winters: If we have the deferred revenue on the books, it is fair to assume we have the cash in hand. In terms of the timing of the realizability of the deferred revenues, we will address that appropriately with our disclosures and on the face of the balance sheet as necessary.
Chris Kwak: Okay. Turning to LCS on the PS2, we haven’t really -- can you guys just help us think about what you are expecting or what you think is a reasonable expectation for that, relative to what is on the PSP, for example?
Paul Eibeler: We are very excited about the launch extending the brand, especially at this point in the cycle. We are pleased with some of the great reviews that we received on the product, although it is a smaller product than traditionally we have put out on the console business. We have a fairly large launch quantity. Retailers are excited about it, but it has only been out there a day or to in the market. We think it will have a very long life, especially at the significant value pricing that it is at throughout the fall period. We are just a little bit cautious given the uncertainty in the market place, but I certainly -- the response I heard from retail is that it is one of the must-have products and will be a great incremental sale to anyone shopping for video games for existing generation.
Chris Kwak: Just a follow-up on that, can you give us any guidance or a sense for is this near-herculean waters in terms of margins? Is it similar to the margin structure that you have either on the PSP or the PS2 and the prior iterations? Thank you.
Karl Winters: It is more similar than not. At that price point, it is somewhat compressed, but it is certainly on the healthy end of the publishing margin.
Chris Kwak: Great, thank you.
Cindi Buckwalter: Great. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Good-bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-03-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director   Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer   Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice-President
Analysts: Heath Terry, Credit Suisse First Boston   Edward Williams, Harris Nesbitt   Elizabeth Osur, Smith Barney Citigroup   Anthony Gikas, Piper Jaffray & Co   Mike Wallace, UBS   Mike Hickey, Janco Partners   John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation   Chris Clock, SIG   Glen Reid, Bear Stearns
Operator: Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Take-Two Interactive Software First Quarter Fiscal 2006 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press “*0” on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice-President of Take-Two Interactive Software. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter, you may begin.
Cynthia Buckwalter, Executive Vice President of Take-Two Interactive Software: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe Harbor Statement by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under Federal Security Laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us at this time. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings at the FTC including our 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2005, which maybe obtained from our website at www.take2games.com or by contacting the FTC. Today’s call will consist of a presentation by our management team followed by a question and answer period. With me today from Take-Two are Paul Eibeler, our President and CEO, and Karl Winters, our CFO. Today, Karl, will first review our Q1 results, then Paul will talk about our recent releases in our product pipeline. Karl…
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Cindi and good afternoon. Net sales for the 1st Quarter were $265 million compared to $502 million a year ago. Our net loss for the Quarter was $29 million or 41 cents per share compared to a net profit of $55 million or 79 cents per diluted share in the 1st Quarter of 2005. Revenue was down primarily due to the significant comparison we were up against from last year’s strong holiday sales of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas for PlayStation2, which accounted for $287 million or about 57% of last year’s 1st Quarter total sales. And as we said on our last call, both our 4th Quarter Fiscal 2005 and 1st Quarter results this year were negatively impacted by the light of unexpected consumer purchases of video games and lower average selling prices as the industry transitions to NexGen hardware. With that said, our revenue came in slightly ahead of the range we had provided in early January, primarily due to the higher unexpected distribution line. This year in Q1, Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories for PSP was our top title, representing approximately 20% of the Quarter’s total revenue. This was followed by Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas with PlayStation2 at approximately 6% of sales and Civilization IV on PC at about 5% of sales. Our sports business also performed quite well representing close to 13% of total revenue with Xbox 360 titles at about 6% of revenue. Our Jack of All Games business increased from Q4 to approximately $107 million in Q1 as they ramped up their hardware and software sales during the holiday season. We’ve also additionally been closely monitoring Jack’s inventory positions through the difficult holiday season and have reduced total distribution inventory by over $25 million year over year as of the end of Q1. Jack continues to work to leverage their size and scale by securing more exclusive distributional arrangements for value products while at the same time providing full support to their customers by also supplying the new hardware platforms and the new frontline software titles that drive customer traffic. But we believe that Jack will have interest in opportunities this year as our hardware transition progresses. Our gross profit margin for the Quarter was approximately 21% compared to 36% last year. The primary reason for the decreased margin was related to our business mix, as our higher margin publishing sales represented a smaller percentage of revenue compared to last year’s 1st Quarter. Our publishing distribution split in the Quarter was roughly 60% publishing and 40% distribution compared to our publishing distribution split of 71% and 29% last year. Within our distribution business, a greater percentage of revenue this year came from hardware sales, which carry lower growth margins. But most importantly, the significant percentage of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas in last year’s 1st Quarter was the major contributor to our higher growth margin last year. Additionally, this year we realized higher software amortization related to a greater number of our sports titles and other internally developed products that were released in the Quarter. Lastly, we experienced lower average retail pricing in the market this holiday season. These factors are only partially offset by reduction and royalty expenses and a greater percentage of higher margin PC titles from the current period. Our operating expenses in the 1st Quarter were approximately $104 million, down about $3 million from last year’s 1st Quarter. Our selling and marketing and R&D expenses have climbed year over year. However, we saw growth over last year in G&A due to several factors. G&A expenses this year included approximately a $3 million in costs related to the expansion of stocks options, which was required under FAS 123 beginning our 1st Quarter. This year, we also incurred about $2 million more in IT and professional fees related to audit fees, stocks compliance, and legal matters and we’ve expended our IT and finance global head count in the past year to support these initiatives. We also realized an additional $2 million for increased rents and new offices for the development studios we’ve acquired since last year’s 1st Quarter. These increases are only partially offset by reducing the incentive compensation this year. We were cash flow positive in the 1st Quarter generating approximately $38 million as we collected receivables from many of our big holiday releases. At the end of Q1, we had about $143 million in cash as compared to $107 million in cash at year end. I’d like to briefly review some other key balance sheet items. Net accounts receivable at the end of the 1st Quarter were approximately $84 million compared to $198 million at the end of Q4 and $137 million at this time last year. Our DSOs in Q1 were approximately 29 days compared to 58 days in the 4th Quarter and 25 days in the 1st Quarter last year. Accounts receivable reserves stood at about $91 million at the end of the Quarter representing approximately 52% of gross receivables. Our Q1 reserves were approximately 16% of trailing six months revenue and about 12% of trailing nine months revenue, higher than last year’s Q1 levels due to the mix of publishing product we sold during the holiday period. Inventories at the end of the Quarter were approximately $107 million, down significantly from $136 million at year end and $134 million at Q1 last year due to our reduced business this holiday season. Our software development cost and licenses totalled about $129 million at the end of the Quarter compared to about $118 million at year end and about $96 million at this time last year. The increase from these costs relates primarily to our diversification strategy, which is in line with the continued execution on our plans to further expand our portfolio in depth. We’ve also signed up a significant number of new products for our 2K Games and 2K Sports labels and are putting significant development resources behind Rockstar’s current and next-generation products so that we are well positioned in 2007 and beyond. We currently have over 120 SKUs in various stages of development, representing over 40 different brands. Approximately 70 SKUs are planned for Fiscal 2006 including the titles we’ve already released this year. Now, a few comments about the present and future: We’re assuming a continued cautious retail environment due to the ongoing console transition. We also assume that 360 hardware availabilities will remain constrained and that the pricing pressure we are seeing now in CurrentGen software will continue through 2006. Having said that, we believe that our Q2 lineup looks very promising; 2K’s Major League Baseball and Oblivion titles are both highly anticipated, and we expect strong consumer demand for Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories on console, which is currently planned for release late in the Quarter. We are continuing to manage our business for the opportunities that we see in 2007 and beyond. At this point, I will turn the call over to Paul to provide more detail on our recent releases in our product lineup for the remainder of 2006, as well as an early glimpse into 2007. Paul…
Paul Eibeler, President and CEO Take-Two: Thanks Karl. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Our results for the 1st Quarter of Fiscal 2006 were disappointing and reflected the challenging conditions in our market during the past holiday season. The video game industry is in the midst of a difficult transition, which presents us with a number of near-term market uncertainties. As a result, we are taking steps to streamline our business, reexamining our product line, and closely evaluating our release schedule for both CurrentGen and NextGen platforms. But any steps we take will not be at the expense of the quality of our products and brands. It’s important to emphasize that the transition will create new opportunities. It is hardware platforms that allow our developers to express the full range of their talents in creating compelling new content. In the meantime, it is crucial that we manage through the transition as effectively as possible while ensuring that Take-Two is in a strong competitive position for the upturn that we believe begins in ‘07. Our plan to achieve these goals has three basic elements: One, continue to support our high-quality product line for Fiscal 2006. We believe great content remains the driving factor for growth and we are very excited about the quality of our release schedule over the next year. Two, improve the efficiency of our operations. We are streamlining our business and controlling costs, while at the same time continuing to support the creative talent that will produce our next wave of hit products. Three, maintain our investment in diverse development resources. As the industry moves beyond the current transition, we will be well positioned to leverage the opportunities of NextGen platforms, thanks to our talented internal development studios, our growing portfolio brands, and our expansion into new genres such as sports. Now, I’d like to spend a few moments discussing these initiatives. The ‘06 lineup is one of the strongest in our history with a broad range of products that are winning praise from gamers and critics alike. Our strategy is to continue to develop quality games for current generation of hardware while introducing new games for NextGen platforms such as the Xbox 360 and PSP. For example, Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories for the PSP was our top tile in the Quarter and has been the number one PSP title in the US every month since its launch in October. We anticipate strong sales throughout 2006 as the hardware base continues to build. The strong contribution of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas in the Quarter demonstrates longevity of our Grand Theft Auto brand. In late January, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas joined our growing roster of greatest hits titles for PS2 and platinum hits for Xbox. We are extremely proud of the continued strong performance of Rockstar products. Rockstar is clearly the dominant video game publishing label in this cycle with five original franchises selling over 1 million units during the current generation. On top of those five proprietary brands, Rockstar created the blockbuster Grand Theft Auto series which generated unprecedented demand. This brand has sold more than 40 million units during the current console cycle alone. This is a testament to the hard work, talent, and creative story telling of the Rockstar organization now over 700 individuals. We have a long-term agreement that will enable Rockstar to continue to make great products under its current management team for many years to come with terms of allowing the interest of all parties to drive the product sales and company performance. Moving on to 2K, we continue to see strong sales momentum from Civilization IV which shipped late in Q4. 24 enjoyed the high game rankings and was named ‘05 PC game of the year, best online game, and best strategy game by IGN. NBA 2K6, NHL 2K6, and AMP3 for the Xbox 360 all shipped during the 1st Quarter in conjunction with the hardware launch. NBA 2K6 outsold GA’s title in head-to-head competition in December and January according to the MPD data. Also, in the 1st Quarter, we shipped College Hoops 2K6 for PlayStation2 and Xbox featuring a variety of new features for the franchise, and Torino 2006 shipped for PlayStation2, Xbox, and PC in January, in advance of the Winter Olympics. Looking at Q2, we are adding to our strong lineup. 24: The Game for PlayStation2 shipped in North America last week. It was developed in conjunction with Fox TV and the television series creators. Kiefer Sutherland and other actors from the show are featured in the game. Global Star shipped Soduko Fever for Game Boy Advance based on the popular puzzle game. From Rockstar, we leveraged the success of the multimillionaire selling Midnight Club franchise with Midnight Club III: DUB Edition Remix shipping next week. Remix has as in New City Tokyo along with new music, new races, and new cars and will resell for $19.99 for the PlayStation2 Greatest Hits Program and Xbox Platinum Hits Collection. Both fans and new players will be drawn by the speeding style that defines this series and the great value proposition at under $20. Shipping in just a few weeks from 2K is Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion for PC and 360, one of the most highly anticipated games this year. We are pleased with the NextGen look and feel of the title and are proud to be working with the Bethesda team on such a platform defining title. The game is in production now and will ship on March 20th. Building on the tremendous reception that Liberty City Stories received for the PSP, we plan to ship the PlayStation2 version late in the 2nd Quarter. We are confident that extending this theme to the console market will allow more gamers to experience this unique compelling content. We are also continuing to expand our sports franchises in the 2nd Quarter. College Hoops 2K6 for Xbox 360 is in stores this week in advance of March Madness. It is the only next-generation college basketball title available on this system and like out NBA 2K6 Xbox 360 title, the game has the pace of play and entire feature set found in the CurrentGen game, plus 2K Sports added more schools and enhancements that only the power of the Xbox 360 can offer by high-definition realism and the excitement and passion of a college crowd. Also in Q2, we’ll introduce the first products under our exclusive partnership with Major League Baseball. MLB 2K6 for PlayStation2 and Xbox will ship in early April and the Xbox 360 PSP and Gade2 versions ship in late April. We are taking this time to make the extra investments giving gamers the high quality they expect. As we proved with the NBA 2K6 on the Xbox 360, details such as realistic crowd movement and true television broadcast camera angles complement great game play and resonate with gamers. The enhanced more comprehensive batting, pitching, fielding, and coaching controls combined with the inside-edge intelligence adds an unprecedented element of realism to the baseball video game genre. We’re also featuring a number of major advertisers in MLB 2K6 who are attracted to the audience of sports games. As for our sports titles, we’ll focus on PSP’s plan for release in April, Top Spin 2, the Mexican Storm of this critically acclaimed top-selling tennis brand is also coming to the Xbox 360 DS and Game Boy Advance in April. We’re equally enthusiastic about the products planned for the second half of ’06, which includes a strong roster of offering from Rockstar and 2K. Yesterday, Rockstar announced Table Tennis for Xbox 360 for release in the 3rd Quarter. Rockstar, San Diego designed this title, used the full power of the 360 hardware taking advantage of high-resolution graphics and high-speed animation to create a fun and addictive game. We believe they will capture the passion of the highly popular sport in a way that only Rockstar can. Later this year, Rockstar will bring Bully to PlayStation2 and Xbox. Additional titles include a sequel of Rockstar’s brands for console along with two PSP titles, including one base on the Grand Theft Auto franchise. And from 2K, we have the Da Vinci Code for CurrentGen console and PC planned for the release in conjunction with the Columbia Pictures feature film. In the summer, 2K will introduce Prey for PC and Xbox 360, a highly anticipated game from Human-Edge Studios and 3D Realms. In the fall, we have Stronghold Legends for PC, a sequel to the popular Stronghold brand, Family Guy based on the Emmy Award winning hit, Fox Television Series, for the current-generation console systems also in the fall. And later this year, 2K Sports will sequel its popular license titles with the NBA, NHL, College Hoops, and additional titles based on our Major League Baseball license. Looking forward to ’07, we already have a solid lineup of titles in development. Old next-generation lineup from Rockstar including sequels to the several best-selling Rockstar franchises. The 2K Sports lineup of titles based on our multi-year licenses with MLB, NBA, MCA, and NHL. The 2K sports non-license title lineup from the development teams that created tennis, snowboarding, boxing, and other sports games. The NextGen console game BioShock from 2K’s recently acquired Rational Games Development Studio. A new product, The Darkness, the NextGen platforms based on the popular comic book series, and also in ’07 2K is planning to leverage a number of its premier original franchises into the mobile game arena including Topspin and Civilization. I noted earlier that cost discipline is also a key part of our strategy for managing through the uncertainties of the current trends transition. In this regard, we have consolidated two of our development studios, PopTop and the recently acquired Firaxis Studio. This will allow us to combine the strong creative talents of these studios into a single entity under the development headed by Sid Meier. We’re pleased that Sid will be honored next week with Old Star on the Walker Game in San Francisco. We’re also evaluating plans to reduce overhead in several key areas. We’re working to bring cost down to the greatest extents possible while recognizing that we need to be well positioned for ’07. In our Jack of All Games distribution business, the management team remains focused on bottom line results. With their inventory down significantly, Jack can be flexible in taking advantage of opportunities that arise. Their focus is on providing value-added services as they leverage their strength in the overall retail marketplace and capitalize on hardware transition opportunities. While we are absolutely determined to exercise strict cost discipline, we know that no company ever cut its way to growth. That’s why we believe it is essential to continue to invest in the future by building our development resources, supporting our products with appropriate marketing, and expanding our ability to offer a more diversified product line. We have made investments which will be important building blocks for growth. For example, for Access, which gives us the extraordinary development and management talent; the Rational Games with their critically acclaimed development teams in Boston and Australia; Rockstar Leeds which gives us some exceptional entrées into the portable games market, and our sports development studios which diversify our revenue stream. In summary, while the console transition is challenging, we are dealing with the current industry conditions and working hard to position Take-Two for future opportunities. We’re continuing to create great products that will cement our strong following among gamers and seeking a balance of managing our expenses while investing in creative resources to build a diversified business base. We look forward to the results of these efforts in the future. Again, thanks for your time today. The operator will now open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, at this time we will be conducting a question and answer session. If you’d like to ask a question, please press “*1” on your telephone keypad. The confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. To remove your questions from the queue, please press “*2.” And for persons using speaker equipment it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the “*” key. We will allow everyone the opportunity to ask a question, please limit your time to one question. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Heath Terry with Credit Suisse First Boston. Please state your question.
Heath Terry, Credit Suisse First Boston: Great, thanks. Karl, could you — just one kind of housekeeping thing — can you tell us what the 123R charge was for this quarter?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: The charge in total was about $4.5 million.
Heath Terry, Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay, thanks. Then, Paul, can you talk about the pricing strategy for Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories, not a lot has been holding premium prices lately, do you feel like this is one that you can maybe reach for given the Grand Theft Auto brand?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: We’ve been very successful with Liberty City Stories at the higher price point, full price on the PSP, which is a different type of consumer and we’ve delivered a unique game for the PSP, and that’s a $249 purchase, and we’re looking at lower pricing on Liberty City Stories for the console, which is $149 or below purchase. We are very, very protective of the Grand Theft Auto brand. We’ve delivered unprecedented and a tremendous value to the consumer in terms of the size of the game and the scope, and we think Liberty City Stories is a great product and we look forward to bringing it to the console, but it’s also at a different time in the transition and it ties the products together, because it does tie back into the original Grand Theft Auto III story line, so it’s very engaging for the consumer. So, we’re excited about it, but it will be at lower prices.
Heath Terry, Credit Suisse First Boston: The cost cutting or cost containment focus, I guess, Karl mentioned that there are going to be seventy skews in ’06; how does that compare with what you released in ’05? And then looking at ’06, how much of the focus on cost containment is going to come from rationalizing your skew count down to your most profitable…maybe focusing on your most profitable franchises?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Heath, I think the SKU count of about 70 for ’06 is comparable to ’05. Having said that, we’ve certainly added a number of internal resources by way of studio development that build out in the sports business and some significant titles that were involved with, for instance, with Firaxis and all in addition to the great line upcoming from Rockstar. So, the cost exercise that we’ve tried to undertake on a regular basis but certainly with an intensity most recently given the holiday season focuses not only on the pipeline and the embedded people supporting those products but on every cross within the business. So, we’re keenly sensitive to the GNA levels as well as the margin performance, for instance. So, I don’t foresee an immediate future that we would suddenly have a significant dent in the pipeline by way of products that we would walk away from, but more perhaps of a right sizing of timing of that product in the marketplace and just being very cost conscious about how we’re spending elsewhere within the business.
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: This is Paul. The past holiday season was different than we expected. There is uncertainty in the market in terms of flow of hardware, hardware price reductions, introductions of the NextGen, the timing. So, we’re just taking that all into account and we do believe there’s a lot of opportunity on this existing gen and we’re showing several products in the release schedule that will take advantage of that. But, given the uncertainty in the market, we’re just reacting accordingly. We have tremendous leverage in the retail marketplace, we have tremendous leverage with the consumer, and we just want to maximize that leverage going forward.
Heath Terry, Credit Suisse First Boston: And then, the long-term employment contract that you mentioned for the Rockstar team, can you give us some idea of what exactly was done to better align their interests with that of the overall company, to what extent was their performance tied to the performance of the company’s equity, a part of this longer term deal?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: While we don’t give specifics, what we can say is that the Rockstar group is extremely committed, passionate, dedicated group of developers. With that, they entered the last cycle with about 100 people. Today, they’re 700 plus, so it’s a big organization and we had to adjust how we compensate that organization to fit all the different development teams that they have. We’ve aligned them with management, we’ve communicated with them on a regular basis in terms of obstacles in the business today and challenges in the business, and we’re just excited that we have this behind us and we can move forward.
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: And the alignment in terms of what we call stake holder interests, we certainly used equity compensation programs in the past with regard to the development of talent and leadership, and we would expect to have more of the same in the future.
Heath Terry, Credit Suisse First Boston: Great, alright, I’ll hand it off to somebody else.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Edward Williams with Harris Nesbitt. Please state your question.
Edward Williams, Harris Nesbitt: Hi guys, it’s Tom standing in for Edward. On your internal development, can you tell us where you stand with the number of developers in total including the 700 at Rockstar and how many you expect that to go to by the end of the year?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Tom, I think the answer to that question is approximately 1300 people in development. And then in terms of trending it for the year, we’ve obviously made a number of acquisitions, we’ve benefitted over time. I think where we stand right at this moment is nicely aimed with the portfolio for ‘06 and ’07. You haven’t seen anything from us for several months, you know, new announcements or things like that, of acquiring additional internal talent. We always have a watchful eye on the marketplace. Something extraordinary comes along, we’re not going to just pass it by; but we feel very good about the lineup of products and resources standing behind us on an internal footing for the near term future.
Edward Williams, Harris Nesbitt: Okay, and of the total skews that you have in development; can you give us a rough idea how the breaks down on CurrentGen verus NextGen.
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the CurrentGen is about 70 or so of the 120 that we have underway in NextGen, including…we consider PSP be part of the NextGen, of about 50 skews.
Edward Williams, Harris Nesbitt: Okay. Lastly, if I could, you had mentioned mobile games, can you talk about what your plan or strategy is there, are you thinking of partnering with somebody or do you think you might try to build that up on you own?
Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice-President: Tom, this is Cindi. We would expect to probably work with other parties. This is obviously an area that has tremendous growth opportunity and we think that there’s quite a bit of content that we now have in our portfolio in terms of the 2K Sports lineup, as Paul mentioned, Topspin and with 2K Games, titles like Civilization that lend themselves very well to mobile gaming. So, you will see us do more of that going forward, but I would say that we would generally work with third parties to achieve that objective.
Edward Williams, Harry Nesbitt: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Elizabeth Osur with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Elizabeth Osur, Smith Barney Citigroup: Thanks. A couple of just quick questions. First, you spoke about ____, I am not clear of what kinds of initiatives you guys are planning. Could you be a little bit more specific on where we might be seeing cost come out of the system?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Well, one example we gave was combining the two studios of PopTop and Firaxis. We think there are a lot of synergies between the studios that we can take advantage of, we think there’s a lot of cost efficiencies in just managing the business, in terms that we’ve brought our sales organizations together we think there are buying opportunities on the media side, things like that that we could be doing more efficiently as we get through this transition.
Elizabeth Osur, Smith Barney Citigroup: Could you quantify that?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Well Liz, I think at this point rather than trying to pencil this all into one right-sized number, our commitment is to continue to work this certainly over the near term and if there is something more meaningful that we get to by way of a specific announcement, we would certainly try to get that into the marketplace at that point.
Elizabeth Osur, Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay, a totally separate topic here. Can you talk about changes you’re still making to the Bully game or when we might expect to see that away, are we just holding off until the holiday season or is there something else going on?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Given the climate, we just went back and evaluated the game. We think that Bully has a tremendous opportunity because it’s based on the great story telling of the Rockstar, it’s a fictional Bulworth Academy in school yard antics. We do follow all the ESRB guidelines and the plan is for us to release that in the back half of ’05.
Elizabeth Osur, Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Anthony Gikas with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Anthony Gikas, Piper Jaffray & Co: Hi, good afternoon guys, a couple of questions. Can you elaborate a little bit more on the operating cost in the Quarter? I think you talked about the GNA, I might have missed your comments on why sales and marketing where so high and may be what the trend could be over the course of the next couple Quarters, the tax rate we should use for the remainder of the year, and then may be just…the third question…your thoughts on why we’re seeing such a slow down in the industry and this is not specific to Take-Two, but is this a quality or innovation issue that we’re seeing with CurrentGen products or if the consumer is purely holding off in anticipation of getting the new hardware platform.
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: With regard to the first couple of questions, the tax rate is obviously sensitive to the balance pre-tax levels that we generate in different jurisdictions and we’ve have had some discussion and I usually keep these comments fairly brief about where we operate. Generally speaking we operate at very favorable rates overseas and less favorable domestically, so the tax rate is going to follow where the income is really produced. Having said that, the benefit that we have here is as higher than the actual rates we’ve seen in the recent past, and that would tell you that we are generating pre-tax levels certainly in higher tax rate jurisdictions. For the future, we’ll have to see how the mix goes, but that would probably be the best clue I could leave you with in terms of model to mix in terms of your expectations and take it from there. With regard to sales and marketing, we obviously had a fairly large offering of products just in terms of absolute skew counts for the holiday season. We tried to support those products sensibly given what was happening in the marketplace. We were factual for instance about trying to get behind the sports business, which was a new initiative really for us this year and sort of going head to head in the marketplace, and we’re pleased with certain results that came from that, but that absolutely kept the absolute dollars worth of marketing expense up in comparison to a prior year, which was a year heavily dependent on one title; it does not require the same committed amount of marketing expense over time.
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Tony, in regards to your question about the consumer, we did see the effect of transition; we believe some consumers were looking forward to NextGen. We’re very pleased with the appetite for the consumer, particularly for our games on PSP and on 360, in terms of the quantity of games, the attach rate. I just got back, I was with a number of retail customers out at the destination meeting in Florida and retailers were starting to be much more optimistic than in the past. They were seeing some real excitement created at resale, some of it is just about managing expectations, more excited about the response for some of our titles. We think a title like Oblivion could really drive a lot of business. We just shipped 24 to a good start, a good launch, just shipped it last week, so we think that we’re working through this and we remain optimistic going into the back half of ‘06 and ‘07.
Anthony Gikas, Piper Jaffray & Co: What are your expectations for industry sales in calendar ‘06 and calendar ’07?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: That’s why we haven’t given guidance because we’re uncertain right now about hardware numbers, and we see a lot of positive indicators in the business, but we’re just being very cautious right now given the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mike Wallace with UBS. Please state your question.
Mike Wallace, UBS: Hi, a couple of things. Let me just address it directly. You know, people have been saying that houses are leaving, do you specifically address them, are they staying or are they locked up. Second, could you just addressed some of the FTC things, timings, City of LA, what are you thinking about these law suits that have popped up?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Okay, we don’t like commenting on individuals but Sam Howser in particular and his brother Dan and Terry and Les are all key parts of the Rockstar organization. They were the founders of the Rockstar label and the Rockstar brand. If you can imagine, they are very, very busy working on NextGen, they are very excited about all the resources that they have. It’s a different type of business today than it was at the start of the last cycle where they had 100 people when they were introducing their first products for PlayStation2. Now they, as you can see by the release schedule, have the number one game on the PSP, excited about bringing a different type of offering to the Xbox 360, and they still have some real opportunities for this gen with several titles that they’re bringing out. We’re very excited about working with them and they’re under contract for us for the long term, so all the rumors and everything that is was out there I don’t give a lot of credence to. In terms of the FTC, we really don’t have an update. We have complied with all the requests. We are following and continue and have followed all the guidelines and rules of the ESRB and support their rating systems. We are committed to building awareness of the ESRB and the ratings and educating everyone in the business about the huge diversity of entertainment products and the diverse audience for interactive games. So, part of it is just an education process but we really don’t have any specific updates.
Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice-President: Just in terms of the City of LA law suits, no, we don’t specifically comment on litigation but we obviously believe that suits don’t have any merit and we’ll continue to defend ourselves against them.
Mike Wallace, UBS: Okay, and just one more, any current thinking on the next console version of GTA? I know everything you say is inclusive of Sony or Microsoft, but what is your stance, are you going to wait and see what the installed base is before you make any decisions or are your leaning towards a partner with one or the other, what’s your thought process?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Right now, we’re very excited about the plans for the GTA franchise. We were pretty unique in approaching the PSP market with new content and now we’re excited about bringing that content, the Liberty City Stories, to the console market. We have another PSP game planned on the Grand Theft Auto franchise in the back half of the year, and I think we’re in a very envious position because we have the biggest brand in the industry and we are working very, very hard to bring that product out the way we have in the past where we beat expectations and our guys are very, very excited about the opportunity that the NextGen hardware presents. I think we’re in the driver seat in terms of bringing that product to market.
Mike Wallace, UBS: Is it possible you do one for the 360 and a different version for the PS3?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Anything is possible but it will be what you’d expect in a great Grand Theft Auto product.
Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice-President: I’d like to think it’s just as important to refer back to our press release where we said that we have a strong line up of NextGen products from Rockstar in 2007 including some of their biggest franchises.
Mike Wallace, UBS: Okay, thanks
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mike Hickey with Janco Partners. Please state your question.
Mike Hickey, Janco Partners: Hi guys, thinking about your Rockstar Table Tennis game, is this ____, can you give us a little bit of an idea of how good the game play is going be here and then can you quantify may be a little bit of the development effort in terms of capital outlay, and then can we expect this extend to the PlayStation portability DS or maybe a mobile application? Then lastly, on the distribution side, it’s a casual game, could we see this being downloaded through Xbox live?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Right now, we just showed the Table Tennis game to all the key retailers last week and it received a great response from them. Its fun, its addictive, it takes advantage of the 360 of the NextGen hardware capabilities. It’s a different product than you’d expect from the Rockstar, but once you play it and get hooked I think you’ll be a fan of the game. We think it has all those opportunities that you described in terms of putting that brand out to other systems, downloads, and online play, but right now we’re just focused on getting this game out. The plan is to ship it in May and we’ll give you more information as it enfolds.
Mike Hickey, Janco Partners: Great, and the last question. For your Q4, you talked about returning to profitability. Originally, I think you were modeling in for a PlayStation3 launch, may be 5% of your sales for your original Fiscal 2006 guidance, are you still anticipating the PlayStation 3 launch, potentially earliest model than for your Q4 and can you give us any sense if it was released in October if you have titles currently available for release at launch?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Mike, I’m going to underneath your question and go out of it in terms of when PlayStation3 is really going to launch, and our crystal ball doesn’t really address that and it looks certainly in terms of further information. I think you can read plenty about holiday expectations and press with October 31st, that’s a very interesting timeframe as a fiscal year end. So, we will just have to stay tuned on that point. I don’t think we can really give you any further insights in terms of what we’re thinking.
Mike Hickey, Janco Partners: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Taylor with Arcadia Investment Corporation. Please state your question.
John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation: Hi, I’ve got a couple of questions too. Let me just follow up on that for a second, Karl, if I could. So, let’s assume Sony is in November or December with PS3, how much of your 4th Quarter guidance of getting back in a profitability depends on they being able to ship in October or earlier?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: John, we’re not in the guidance business in that timeframe at a specific level. I can recall that, I think…if we had any comment on this, we did not expect any significant percentage performance that was directly related to our ’06 business. But then going back, I think at least six months in terms of that commentary, so I wouldn’t read too much into that, but that’s certainly where we stood at that point in time.
John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay great. Thanks for that refresher. And then, in terms of inventory, you mentioned you burned off a bunch of Jacks inventory, could you give us a split of what the inventory was between distribution and publishing?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Inventory breaks down about 50/50 on publishing versus distribution.
John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, great. And then, in the past you’ve given us a kind of an average acquisition cost on the Jacks side, can you give us an update on that?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: In terms of average cost of inventory?
John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation: Yeah.
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: That’s still living in about the same neighborhood, about 80% of the skews that we carry have an acquired cost of $14.99 or less.
John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, great. And then in your amortization development cost, etc. reported in the first quarter, did you burn off anything on an accelerated basis, you could call out or was that a pretty normal sort of amortization rate?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: We clearly as sensitive to the amortization of our costs, in terms of what we expect for the product overall, so if volumes come up you could look at the unit average of that cost and it appears to be something less. I don’t quite know how to answer your question. I don’t think we took anything by way of an acceleration or we’ve looked at something of any size and just walked away from it and just rolled it off the day before, you know, we would have otherwise released it or we didn’t abandon anything of significance. The rest of the mass is directly related to what we expect for the product overall.
John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation: Okay, great. And then, as you look at the product line for ’06 and ’07, could you give us a sense of which games kind of have the most robust and unique online feature set, particularly as it might relate to Xbox live; which games really have had a lot of effort and focus put on developing those features?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: Our sports games have been significant in terms of the online features, particularly with Xbox live, and that is one area where I can tell you on our Rockstar side we’re spending a lot of time because we think there is tremendous potential as a feature set and then tremendous earning opportunities down the road with the online potential. And then, when we look at the 2K games business, you’ll see a lot of great online abilities and components in 360 boxes we build them going forward.
John Taylor, Arcadia Investment Corporation: Karl, at the risk of having you send us to Sony for this answer, let me try this one, have you gotten much detail on how Sony’s approaching the online business model as it relates to PS3?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: At the risk of…
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Clock with SIG. Please state your question.
Chris Clock, SIG: Great, thank you. Just a few questions. You guys were able to generate positive cash flows despite what was obviously a tough Quarter given the timing of the working capital changes. So, when we look forward into the April and the July Quarters, any sense for cash flows there and the timing of working cap volumes and how that might affect the cash flows in the next two Quarters?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Chris, we obviously have a number of significant releases that we think will be positive performers or in terms of the near term, whether it’s titles or the baseball game or Elder Scrolls or Liberty Series Stories or Prey, there’s a lot of stuff going on for us in the springtime, so we feel good about our lineup in the near term and the resultant impact on cash. So, we ended rather nicely for the Quarter with cash up over October 31st, and yeah we continue to monitor and be sensitive to where we are and what we’re burning.
Chris Clock, SIG: Let me rephrase that. Would it be safe to say your objective over the next couple of Quarters prior to the Q4 profitability would be to try to at least get to a cash flow number that’s close to flag or break even or is there some kind of target that you’re reaching for the April and July Quarters?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: That’s a difficult question again to answer and there’s no guidance, because it’s yet another number on the balance sheet that reflects what’s going on within the business, but we have done rather well over recent years and living on organic cash flows, this is a transition. We had a good war chest entering at the beginning part of that transition and we’re going to continue to be very careful with that as we move forward. But, we’ll have to see where the business is and we think we have a number of titles that on the one hand could have some upside-down expectations, but we’ll just have to see how the consumers behave.
Chris Clock, SIG: Two quick final questions: GTA, the next GTA on the PSP, would it be safe to assume that would come out at $49.99?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: At this point, it would be safe, yes.
Chris Clock, SIG: And then lastly, the profitability, return to profitability in Q4, would that be driven mostly by exposure to NextGen, CurrentGen, Portables, or combination of all three, is there anything that you’re pressing on in particular in that Quarter in terms of your expectations?
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: I think it would be driven by a combination of all three. Certainly the PSP opportunity is big when you bring a brand like Grant Theft Auto, but then we just have that window there that we think business will pick up significantly.
Chris Clock, SIG: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Glen Reid with Bear Stearns. Please state your question.
Glen Reid, Bear Stearns: Hi, thanks. Three quick ones. Could you sort of give us the sense for profitability of your sports business, how that’s been, sort of year to date, and how you think that’s trending over the next several Quarters? Secondly, pricing on Triple A titles, CurrentGen other than…you just mentioned the PSP title going out at $50, but on the console can we expect to see lower pricing there, and on NextGen do you expect to see $60 on all your NextGen releases. Then, third, could you also give us a sense on the mix of publishing versus distribution this year and perhaps next year? Thanks.
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: I think with regard to the first question, which was profitability on sports, given the current series that we just ended where the business operator got an overall loss, that correction is a difficult one in terms of identifying which part of our overhead structures would you identify against any particular margin with contribution coming from any of our divisions. Having said that, I think we were pleased with the sports business. The basketball game did very well in the first Quarter and we’re encouraged by what we see for that business in the future. But, quite frankly given consumer behavior in the holiday season, it’s a difficult period to sort of benchmark against and we certainly expect to see a more positive consumer behavior as we get further in the transition and on to the NextGen opportunities. The Triple A pricing of CurrentGen…
Paul Eibeler, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director: We have filled in a $39.99 given the market conditions on the majority of our existing gen, and we’re very pleased with the $59 price point and how that has held up for a number of titles on NextGen. We think that that consumer is excited, who buys NextGen and wants a quality product, and we think on the existing gen prices now $39 and $49 poor quality products will hold up when we move some of our more mass titles for the $39 range on existing gen.
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: You had the third part of the question and the last question was, rough split on publishing versus distribution. All I can observe really is that historically we’ve worked in the zone of 60% publishing while we’re not again in the guidance mode for the foreseeable future. We’re certainly encouraged by the trend that Jack showed, Q1 over Q4 of last year where the volume did pick up and we were hopeful of that occurring. The opportunities for Jacks in the future certainly we think continue because it has always played successfully in between the middle of the CurrentGen to the NextGen strategy as the NextGen product starts to become available to it for distribution at lower prices. So, we’ll just have to see where the business goes.
Glen Reid, Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks.
Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice-President: With that we’d like to thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to seeing some of you at E3 in May. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-11 11:15:00) =====
Executives: Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice President Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer Paul Eibeler, President and Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Mike Wallace, UBS John Taylor, Arcadia Mike Hickey, Janco Partners Elizabeth Osur, Citigroup Brent Thill, Prudential Equity Group Chris Kwak, SIG Arvind Bhatia, Southwest Securities Tom Andrews, Harris Nesbitt
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the announcement from Take-Two Interactive Yearend Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press “*” “0” on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded; it is now my pleasure, to introduce you host, Ms. Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice President of Take-Two interactive software. Thank you, Ms. Buckwalter, you may begin.
Cindi Buckwalter, Executive Vice President: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I would first like to quickly review our Safe-Harbor statement, by reminding everyone that the statements made during this call that are not historical facts, but considered forward-looking statement under Federal Securities Laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us at this time. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings of the SEC including our 10-Q for the third quarter ended July 31, 2005 which maybe obtained from our website at www.take2games.com or by contacting SEC. Today’s call will consist of a presentation by our management team followed by a question and answer period. With me today from Take-Two are Paul Eibeler, our President and CEO and Karl Winters, our CFO. Today, Karl will review our preliminary Q4 and fiscal 2005 results and review our expectations for fiscal 2006. Then Paul will talk about our recent holiday releases and our product pipeline. Karl?
Karl Winters, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Cindi and good afternoon. As we announced today, our preliminary unaudited results for fiscal 2005 are 1.2 billion in revenue and $0.53 per share, compared to 1.1 billion in revenue and $0.95 per share last year. For Q4, our preliminary numbers are 308 million in revenue and $0.27 per share, compared to 438 million and $0.91 per share last year. These numbers are inline with the guidance we announced on October 31. In a moment, I will discuss our preliminary Q4 and fiscal 2005 results in more detail. First, let me briefly elaborate on why we are providing only preliminary numbers today. With the additional procedures and processes required for our first year of reporting under Sarbanes-Oxley, it has taken us a bit longer than usual to finalize our year-end results. Our 404 assessments are progressing as planned, but have added many extra hours of work and testing. Additionally, late in our fiscal year, we implemented a new inventory management software system related to our new Jack of All Games warehouse facility. And quite candidly, the implementation did not go as smoothly as planned. As a result, the year-end closing process took longer than anticipated. While we don’t expect any material changes from the preliminary numbers announced today, we did not think it was prudent to report our results as final until our work is complete. Moving on to some details about our Q4 results, revenue was down primarily due to the large comp we were up against from last year’s Q4 release of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas for PlayStation 2. 236 million, or about 54% of last year’s Q4 total sales, came from that single title. This year in Q4, Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories for PSP was our top title, representing approximately 12% of the quarter’s total revenue. The Warriors for PlayStation 2 and Xbox was also about 12% of sales in the quarter. And our other big release in Q4, Civilization IV, was approximately 7% of revenue. Several of our catalog titles were also meaningful contributors in the quarter. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas for PlayStation 2, Xbox and PC was approximately 7% of Q4 revenue, while Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition for the PS2, Xbox and PSP was approximately 4% of total revenue. Our Jack of All Games business nearly doubled to 83 million from Q3 as they ramped up their hardware and software sales leading into the holiday season. However, their sales were down about 5% year-over-year. Jack’s business was impacted by the same types of challenges that the industry faced this holiday season, conservative ordering by retailers and lackluster demand. Jack’s strategy to improve fiscal 2006 performance encompasses several key areas. They are working to leverage their size by securing more exclusive distribution arrangements for valued products so that they can effectively become a single source supplier to retailers for valued content. They also continue to provide value-added services to customers, along with offering bundles of hardware, software and accessories. We believe that Jack will have interesting opportunities over the next few months as the hardware transition progresses. Our gross profit margin for the quarter was approximately 38%, compared to 39.7% last year. The primary reason for the decreased margin was related to our business mix, as our higher margin publishing sales represented a smaller percentage of revenue compared to last year’s fourth quarter. Our publishing/distribution split in the quarter was roughly 73% publishing and 27% distribution, compared to our publishing/distribution split of 80%/20% last year. Additionally, the higher percentage of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas in last year’s fourth quarter was a significant contributor to our gross margin last year. Our operating expenses in the fourth quarter were approximately 95 million, the increase of about 24%, led by increases in the areas of G&A and R&D. Our G&A expenses were mostly driven by higher business and professional fees related to Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and legal matters, along with increased rent and new offices for the development studios we’ve acquired this year. The increase in R&D relates primarily to several development studio acquisitions. Our Q4 results also reflected a reduction in our reserve related to anticipated returns of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas due to the temporary re-rating of the title over the summer. We had originally established $33 million reserve at July 31 for expected product returns. However, based on better-than-expected sell through of the title and lower than anticipated return processing costs, we have subsequently reduced this reserve, which favorably impacted our fourth quarter net sales by approximately 8 million and net income by approximately 7 million. Reserves as of October 31, included about 8 million for remaining unprocessed returns and handling costs related to San Andreas. Moving on to the full-year results, San Andreas was our top selling product for the year, representing about 32% of revenue, followed by Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition at about 8% of revenue. Our other top products were Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories for the PSP and The Warriors at approximately 3% of sales each. Our publishing/distribution split for fiscal 2005 was roughly 71% publishing and 29% distribution, compared to our publishing/distribution split of 68 vs. 32% last year. Our gross profit margin for fiscal 2005 was about 34%, compared to 33.5% last year, primarily due to the greater percentage of publishing business this year. Additionally, publishing revenue in 2005 included a larger percentage of higher margin PC titles. Total operating expenses of approximately 377 million increased about 37% compared to fiscal 2004. The most significant year-over-year percentage variance was R&D expense, which related to our development studio acquisitions and incentive compensation related to key products that were shipped this year. As expected, and as we indicated on our third quarter conference call, we were cash flow negative in fourth quarter, which is consistent with last year, as we were gearing up for the peak holiday season in Q4 and many of our biggest holiday releases shipped in the last two weeks of the quarter. At the end of the fiscal year, we had about 107 million in cash, as compared to 155 million in cash at the end of last year. I would like to briefly review some of the other key balance sheet items. Net accounts receivable at the end of fourth quarter were approximately 198 million, compared to 62 million at the end of Q3 and 286 million at this time last year. Our DSOs in Q4 were approximately 58 days, compared to 33 days in the third quarter and 59 days in the fourth quarter last year. As I previously mentioned, our business in Q4 was heavily weighted toward the last month of the quarter, when we shipped most of our key holiday releases, leading to higher DSO levels. Our accounts receivable reserve stood at about 70 million at the end of the quarter, representing approximately 26% of gross receivables. Our Q4 reserves were approximately 15% of trailing six months revenue and about 10% of trailing nine months revenue, slightly higher than last year’s Q4 levels due to the approximately 8 million of remaining reserves related to anticipated returns of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, which I mentioned earlier. Inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately 136 million, an increase of about 32 million from Q3, but an $18 million decrease from last year due to our reduced business this holiday season. Our software development costs and licenses totaled about 119 million at the end of the year, compared to about 122 million at the end of last quarter and about 70 million at the end of last year. The increase in these costs since last year relates primarily to the significant ramp up in new products that we’ve signed for our 2K Games and 2K Sports labels. This is in line with the continued execution on our strategy of further expanding our portfolio breadth and depth. We currently have over 100 SKUs in various stages of development, representing over 50 different brands, of which the majority are planned for fiscal 2006 release. Moving on to guidance, we are revising our guidance for first quarter to 230 million to 250 million in net sales, primarily reflecting the disappointing holiday season results. The level of sales we anticipated for our titles, both current and next-gen, just didn’t materialize, due in part to the continued sluggish retail environment for video games and the lighter-than-expected Xbox 360 hardware shipments, along with the apparent delay in purchasing as consumers evaluated the new hardware platforms. We are also seeing some current-gen software pricing pressure industry wide that is impacting our expected results. And while we are pleased with the consumer response to Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories for PSP, North American sales of the PSP hardware platform were lower than we expected for the holiday season, which impacted sales of our software titles. Our Q1 estimates are also being reduced by the movement of Top Spin 2 for multiple platforms and College Hoops 2K6 for Xbox 360 from Q1 to Q2 to allow more development time for these titles. On a positive note, we did see some pickup in business in late December. However, given retail’s conservative inventory management practices we mentioned in late October, which have continued through the holiday season, our inventory levels at retail are fairly light. With retailers reluctant to take on new inventory as many companies near the end of their January fiscal years, we are not confident that we can benefit significantly from any short-term increased consumer demand. At this point, without much visibility into the last few weeks of the quarter, we cannot provide a meaningful estimate of bottom-line performance. But given our expected volume, we anticipate reporting no loss. And to address our full fiscal year, while we are optimistic about the many opportunities presented to us over the next 12 to 18 months, various market dynamics have created uncertainty for us on many fronts, leading us to withdraw our guidance for the year. To be more specific, our fiscal 2006 coincides with a transitional period for our industry. Our results this year will be impacted by a variety of factors, including the launch of three major console platforms: The Xbox 360, which is just underway, the introduction of the PlayStation 3, which we believe will occur near the end of our fiscal year and the Nintendo Revolution sometime during calendar 2006. And with the PSP still in its infancy, it is difficult to predict the longer-term installed base of this platform and related software sales. Given the hardware transition, we think it’s important to maintain some flexibility in our quarterly release schedule so that we can be opportunistic in tailoring the timing of our releases to hardware availability, consumer acceptance and other factors. Additionally, due to the timing of our October fiscal year, our results for the year cover both the recent holiday period, as well as the beginning of the 2006 holiday season. For all of these reasons, we don’t believe that we can provide a meaningful forecast of our fiscal 2006 results at this point. Of course, we will be closely monitoring the industry developments as our fiscal year unfolds, and we will share with you as much incremental visibility as possible. Fiscal 2006 will certainly be a challenging year for both Take-Two and the industry as we transition to the new hardware platforms. However, we remain focused on our longer-term objectives, which we believe are key to ultimately driving shareholder value. We will continue to make significant investments in next-generation products and portfolio diversification, two of our most important corporate mandates. Rockstar is investing considerable resources in their fiscal 2007 lineup, including titles for the PlayStation 3, and 2K Games and 2K Sports continue to build their portfolio of sports and licensed products to capture market share in an area that represents a major source of potential growth for Take-Two. And while we will be investing heavily in our new products, we will continue to look for ways to reduce unnecessary expenses and market our products more effectively so that we can maximize our profitability during this transition period. At this point, I will turn the call over to Paul to provide more detail on our holiday releases, fiscal 2006 product lineup and additional corporate developments. Paul?
Paul Eibeler, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Thanks Karl and thanks for joining us today. In fiscal 2005, Take-Two made progress in many strategic areas that will be important for our future. However, we recognize that our financial performance for the period was far from satisfactory. Our performance for the past fiscal year and continuing into Q1 ‘06 reflected a weaker-than-expected retail environment for video game software, a situation that has also impacted a number of other publishers in the industry. As Karl said, the major factor affecting industry wide software sales is the hardware transition. Although, ultimately this will be a major plus for the industry, the hardware transition has affected business in several ways. First, sales of titles for current-gen platforms have not met expectations. Consumer spending levels for video games have been affected by the anticipation of new hardware. With the buzz around both the Xbox 360 and upcoming hardware, we believe that some consumers have moved from current-generation software purchases, especially shown in Xbox 1 game sales. Second, tight supplies of the Xbox 360 have impacted sales of games for that platform. We are encouraged by the consumer reaction to the Xbox 360, the high attach rate and anticipation for additional shipments. In addition to the transition impact, we are facing tough comparisons with last year, when Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas drove consumers to the stores. Taking all of these factors into account, the result has been disappointing sales for the holiday period across much of the industry, resulting in lower-than-expected reorders from retailers. We still don’t have visibility into whether this trend will continue throughout January and ‘06. And while we remain confident in the long term growth prospects for the videogame industry and Take-Two in particular, it is difficult to forecast when these uncertain market conditions may change. As Karl discussed, we believe it would not be prudent to provide guidance for the full fiscal year. Turning over to our products, I want to emphasize that we are proud of the overall quality of our titles we published last year. Ratings for our front line holiday lineup were consistently above the front line ratings of other North American publishers, according to GameRankings and Metacritic scores. Our holiday releases averaged: 84 on GameRankings and 83 on Metacritic. I’d like to highlight a number of our key titles which not only reflect our most valuable resource, our creative talent, but also the growing diversity of our product line. Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories has been a tremendous hit on the PSP. It was the number one selling title on the PSP platform in the US since launch in October and has also been a top seller in Europe since its launch. It received numerous awards, including: IGN’s PSP Game of the Year, PSP Best Story, PSP Best Action Game, to name a few. PSP title packs all the production value, freedom and open ended gameplay of the Grand Theft Auto franchise, a major accomplishment by: Rockstar Leeds and Rockstar North. We are excited about the extension of this title to console, as well as the next new Grand Theft Auto PSP title planned for later this fiscal year. Civilization IV, exclusively for the PC, has also been very well received, with average game ratings of 93%, according to GameRankings, and was named the 2005 PC Game of the Year, the Best Online Game of the Year, the Best Strategy Game of the Year by IGN. Although it launched only in the last week of October, it was the number one PC title in the US that month and moved up to the number two position in November. It has also been a top seller in Europe since its launch. NBA 2K6 and NHL 2K6, from our 2K Sports, have been standout products. The quality of both games is fantastic. The game ratings have significantly exceeded the competition across all platforms. Sales of NBA 2K6 on the Xbox 360 clearly show that consumers are receptive to high quality games. And NHL 2K6 is the only hockey title available for the 360. The Warriors has had strong North American and international sales. Rockstar’s new franchise, based on the cult film, has earned significant critical acclaim in the gaming press, receiving high scores and numerous awards. The Warriors has also received media praise from The New York Times, Newsweek and earned a place on Entertainment Weekly’s Top 10 must have List. In addition to the diversity of our holiday lineup, we were pleased to have three titles supporting the launch of the Xbox 360 with NBA 2K6 and NHL 2K6 and Amped 3 during our first quarter, while overall sales of these titles were less-than-expected, due to the limited hardware, we are proud that our internal development studios were able to support this new platform at launch with compelling, high quality products. We look to introduce other titles that exploit the potential of the 360 as its installed base grows. We remain focused on building our product release schedule, creating compelling content from our Rockstar, 2K Games, 2K Sports and Global Star labels. Later this month, we will ship Torino 2006 for PS2, Xbox and PC in advance of the Winter Olympics in Italy. Continuing into the second quarter, we have the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion for PC and 360 based on a worldwide distribution deal with Bethesda Softworks. College Hoops for 360, Top Spin 2 for 360, GBA and DS. From Global Star, we have titles based on popular brands such as Hummer, Sudoku. We are excited about launching Major League Baseball 2K6. This will be our first year as the exclusive third-party publisher of this multiplatform title. It will be the only baseball title available to the 360. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we have a strong pipeline to look forward to. We are pleased with our ability to bring Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories to a console system tentatively planned for second quarter. We’re moving Bully out of Q2 and into second half of the fiscal year. Rockstar will have a new Xbox 360 title and two additional PSP titles, including, as previously announced, another all new Grand Theft Auto title for PSP. A sequel to a proven Rockstar franchise for current-generation console is also planned. From 2K, we will have Da Vinci Code on multiple platforms in conjunction with the feature film coming in May from Columbia Pictures directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks. Prey for PC and 360 from premier developers 3D Realms and Human Head. 24: The Game for PS2 in North America based on the Fox hit TV series. The long running popular game show Family Feud will be available on multiple platforms from Global Star and of course, NBA 2K7 and NHL 2K7 on multiple platforms. Our long term outlook for Take-Two and the industry remains unchanged, the cycle will provide additional opportunities due to the favorable demographics of our market, the growing popularity of interactive entertainment, and the increasing use of online applications and growing larger installed base of hardware. While the industry is now in a period of transition, we have made important investments in the past year that will place Take-Two in a strong position for the next phase of growth. We acquired highly regarded development studios with track records of success. Our acquisitions include Firaxis Games, with its pioneering game developer Sid Meier of Pirates! and Civilization fame. We also purchased Visual Concepts, Kush Games and Indie Built, giving us deep talent in the sports games business. We have built a viable sports business and proved that we can take market share in this important category. Our competitive position has been secured by the MLB third-party exclusives, long-term NBA agreement and our proprietary sports franchises. We continue to invest in our international business with plans to open additional offices in Europe and Asia. While 2006 remains a challenge for Take-Two and the industry, we believe that 2007 will be a strong year for the following reasons. We have repeatedly demonstrated our ability to create compelling, innovative content. We have made investments in creative talent and our internal development staff is now over 1100 as of the yearend. We have been successful in our efforts to build and leverage a more diversified publishing business. Our strong financial position gives us the resources to continue to invest in the future. Looking ahead to fiscal 2007, you’ll see a product flow consisting of sequels of some of our biggest franchises, as well as new brands. Again thank you for your time today, operator we will now open up the call to questions.
Question and Answer:
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen at this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press “*” “1” on your telephone keypad. A confirmation tone will indicate that your line is the question queue. To remove your question from the queue, please press “*” “2”. For participants using speaker equipment, it maybe necessary for you to pickup your handset before pressing the “*” key. To allow everyone the opportunity to ask a question, please limit your time to one question. We will pause for a brief moment while we poll for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Mike Wallace of UBS. Please state your question.
Q - Michael Wallace: Hi, Karl, I think you said the cash was 107 million. If that’s the number, it looks like it’s your lowest in about three years. Could you talk about where the cash is going, and what the issues are, and what it’s going to build up to looking out the next quarter or two?
A - Karl Winters: Mike, certainly we’ve taken the opportunity, I think to invest in the 2K Sports and 2K Games business, and we’ve made a number of, I think very strategic acquisitions of studio talent in the pursuit of that strategy in addition to building the pipeline of product. And we mentioned we have over 100 SKUs in development and the majority will be coming in this fiscal year. I think that’s an important statement for the company to make, and it certainly should bode well for the longer-term when we see the hardware platforms maturing somewhat and providing us with a diversified portfolio. Now, that’s probably been the principal use of cash from our perspective and one that we have been very deliberate about. We certainly did have the stock buyback program earlier this year, and that also was a use of cash. I think for the near term, we expect our cash levels to be stable. Obviously, you know we have a very prudent eye on the future in terms of the business in the near term. But we believe we’ve got the adequate resources and liquidity to deal with the continued investment in the business and positioning us into later this year for another holiday season.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Taylor of Arcadia.
Q - John Taylor: Hi. Could you talk a little bit about the different labels that you’re publishing under, particularly Rockstar and 2K and Global, and then maybe, Jack, those four segments? And talk about kind of contribution margin expectations, if not in a recent period or an upcoming near-term period, at least kind of what goals you’re driving towards so that we can kind of get a sense of as those studios impact revenues kind of what that might imply for operating income? Thanks.
A - Karl Winters: J.T. it’s, the labels vary, obviously, when we work from internal developed product, we’re going to typically get richer margins. So, for instance, the Rockstar, certain of the 2K Games studios that we’ve now taken in-house, we have a tendency to have less royalties and things like that to be paid to others. So, we would expect our true, sort of, publishing product on an internal footing to generate margins of 40% 50% or better, and it can get richer than that when you move to the PC platform, obviously. Within 2K, you have a range of margin there, again, depending on the relationships and whether or not we’re working under a franchised area that we have to pay further franchise fees on. So typically, it can reach towards 40%, it can be in the 20s, but in that type of range. Jack of All Games, the business line varies from hardware to frontline to value product, as we think of it. And the hardware margins are very thin. The frontline margins are a little better than that. And the value product ranges opportunistically, depending on how we procure product and under what terms and the demand for that particular product, and as you understand, usually product that’s a little older and more of a catalog in nature. So, we really cover it from top to bottom, full-blown publishing, we take things traditionally by strategy on an internal basis when we feel we want to have the complete creative control and freedom to manage that product from soup to nuts. And then the 2K Games, the Sports portfolios will be more of a mixed bag, and Jack of All Games is really value-driven business.
Q - John Taylor: And as the mix of the GTA franchise within the Rockstar label goes up and down, is there kind of an inverse relationship with the contribution margin on that?
A - Karl Winters: I’m sorry, I’m not sure I understood the first part of your question.
A - Paul Eibeler: Well, GTA can be extremely profitable for us, if that’s what you mean by an inverse.
Q - John Taylor: Yes. I’m thinking in terms of bonus accruals and all the other stuff that goes with that particular property, kind of, how it influences the mix?
A - Karl Winters: I think we have incentive plans really across the board that drive all the business units and there’s certainly a cost associated with that. Better products typically have better incentive plans because they produce extraordinary results.
A - Paul Eibeler: And Rockstar will, they did have a license this year with Warriors, but it was a smaller licensing type arrangement. It gave more the setting for the game and then the Rockstar team did their contribution in terms of the actual gameplay and making it into more of a story. In the 2K Games and 2K Sports groups, there’s a big diversity in terms of distribution deals that we have within that, like on Oblivion, Elder Scrolls II, some products like a Top Spin that we own that brand, and we own Amped and we’ll look to have other complementary sports products that we own. Now that we have Civilization and Firaxis and we own those brands, they will contribute differently as opposed to a rented brand. We are very excited about having Firaxis and their management helping us develop new brands throughout the 2K Games group. Just a little note on the Global Star, that’s our approach to the value-publishing end of the business and opportunistic type licensing, and two new additions have been the popular Sudoku and also Family Feud, which we think has some real long shelf life. We feed that into retail, as well as our Jack of All Games business, so, just one way of us exploiting some of our publishing leverage.
Q - John Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Hickey of Janco Partners.
Q - Michael Hickey: Hi, guys. Just a question on pricing pressure over the next fiscal period, fiscal year that is. Do you think that will extend to your Rockstar titles for current generation? Are you anticipating $40 price points for the extension of Liberty City Stories for whatever consoles, say, the PS2? And for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable, maybe to get some excitement back in current generation, do you see any price cuts there?
A - Paul Eibeler: Right now, when you look at the past cycle, everyone is pretty pleased with how pricing held up throughout the cycle. This past Christmas presented some uncertainty and we think as we get into first half that we will see products being introduced probably not at the full price, depending on the title, going into more of a 39 price range. And that will depend on the pricing of the hardware for the console systems. PSP, again top quality titles will command top pricing. And just from what we’ve experienced on our 2K business with Xbox 360, we saw no price resistance at all to the higher 59 price point.
Q - Michael Hickey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Osur of Citigroup. Please state your question.
Q - Elizabeth Osur: Thanks. I had three unrelated questions. First, I was hoping maybe you could give us a little more detail on the distribution business, and what your plans are to turn things around there and whether or not you’d consider a sale of that business?
A - Karl Winters: Do you want to list your questions, Liz, or you…
Q - Elizabeth Osur: Sure. And then second was just whether or not you still expected the Sports business to be profitable this year? And third, was there any kind of expectation for the GTA franchise as a whole as a percentage of total revenues in fiscal 2006?
A - Karl Winters: Just taking them backwards, Liz, I think the percentage on GTA, given the fact that we’ve retracted our guidance for the year, I think at this point it would probably be imprudent to really go in that direction. We certainly are pleased that we’ve extended that franchise onto different platforms and we’ve been able to work with PSP and then move to PlayStation 2. So, we continue to demonstrate, I think, a lot of dexterity with regard to that franchise, and that works very well for us. But, to get specific at this point, given sort of the market uncertainties that we alluded to earlier in the phone call, we’d be getting ahead of ourselves. The Sports business, we have every expectation that it can be profitable. We certainly had a strong performance there this year notwithstanding the fact that the marketplace was very challenging and price points moved I think very quickly. In the Jack of All Games business, as we alluded to also earlier on the call, we believe that Jack does participate, and quite profitably, as you get a little deeper into hardware platform launches. There is not a lot of room for profit participation when you’re working mostly with new hardware and new frontline releases. But today’s frontline releases age very quickly into value-type product and Jack participating in the marketplace at that level has been able to do that very profitably in the past. We believe that there continues to be strategic value in the ownership of the Jack business. However, we always look to opportunities in the future and we will be very, I think, prudent and cautious in evaluating whatever opportunities come along.
Q - Elizabeth Osur: Can I ask just one follow-up, I don’t know if you’ll answer it, but with regard to the Jack business, could you give us some sense of what percentage hardware is in your expectations for the business or just what it was in fiscal 2005, just to give us some sense?
A - Karl Winters: I don’t have that information right at my fingertips. We’ll let the call proceed and when we have it, I’ll announce it at that point.
Q - Elizabeth Osur: Great, thanks.
A - Paul Eibeler: Liz, just one comment. When you look at our distribution business, we are pleased right now with how it has performed in the past couple of months. It seems to be coming back. And again, we’re focused more on the bottom line, so we don’t place as much emphasis on the top line revenue, but really the bottom line contribution. And during the transition, there’s a real strong management team at Jack of All Games and they have performed well in the past. They have long years of history in this business and they know how to take advantage of transition periods where there’s a lot of value software and opportunities to add value-added services to the retail community.
A - Cindi Buckwalter: And Liz, just to follow up on your question about the hardware sales component of Jack. It ran about one quarter of their business this year, and they really benefited from the PSP launch, which was a pretty significant factor for them this year.
Q - Elizabeth Osur: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill of Prudential Equity Group.
Q - Brent Thill: Karl, you spoke about the negative impact from the inventory management system. Is this the only issue that is holding up the final numbers or is there additional factors that are also surrounding this?
A - Karl Winters: No, I would suggest that the inventory management system certainly did set us back in our timing overall for the processing of our final results. Having said that, working in the Sarbanes-Oxley environment certainly does add a certain amount of additional procedures and processes to the overall task, which is a large one to begin with. We along with other companies obviously deal with that, and this is our first year in this Sarbanes-Oxley environment in full. So, on the one hand, I would prefer not to have had the inventory situation that we had to deal with, but we’ve dealt with it, and we’re getting on with finishing things and expect to have that done shortly.
Q - Brent Thill: Okay. And maybe, you could just give us a little color in terms of contrasting the experiences between developing for the PS3 and the 360? Any color that you can give us just in terms of the development methodologies, and how they are different, what you’re seeing early on?
A - Paul Eibeler: I would say that our, both key studios that we have that are developing product internally, key groups between the Rockstar and the 2K are very, very excited about the hardware. In different ways, I mean the Sports business has more of a natural movement from one sequel to the next, annualizing it. And our Rockstar guys are particularly excited about what they can do and how they can bring their storytelling skills to the next level. And they really like both systems very, very much. So, I wouldn’t say there’s any distinct difference, there’s definitely distinct programming and talent required for the different systems. But, they’re both pleased with the capabilities and are very, very excited as we look out into 2007.
Q - Brent Thill: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kwak of SIG.
Q - Chris Kwak: Great. Paul, can you just talk to Bully? You know, looking at it in second half. Should we assume that, to be on the safe side, that we’re looking at the latter portion of second half and not the early portion of second half?
A - Paul Eibeler: What I would ask the people to assume is that Rockstar has a great storytelling ability that this game is about schoolyard antics, and given the uncertain retail or the uncertainties in the market, that we are just taking a real good look at the product. We’re giving it a lot of time to develop it. We are excited about the team that’s working on it. And when we think the right opportunity is in the market, we will launch the product.
Q - Chris Kwak: And just on GTA, obviously there’s a lot of expectation for the brand on PSP going forward and also for LCS to come out on PS2. Anything you can tell us about the next iteration or the first iteration for next-gen consoles? It sounds like it’s not a fiscal ‘06 event; can we get a sense that maybe it is a fiscal ‘07 event? What’s the thinking there and how should we think about that?
A - Paul Eibeler: When we, we are very, very protective of that brand. The Grand Theft Auto brand has a very, very high expectation in the marketplace from the consumer. We feel that we have done a great job with keeping that interest in that brand at a high level based on the rave reviews that we received on Liberty City Stories for PSP. We expect that game to continue at a pretty significant high sales velocity, because it has such a high attach rate to the PSP. We think there’s an opportunity to extend that now to the console market. What we have talked about is the next PSP game, which will be based on the Grand Theft Auto franchise later in our fiscal year. And then we haven’t made any announcements going forward, but we have a lot of development resources focused on that brand and we’ll continue to create extremely compelling content for the market and bring it out at the appropriate time.
Q - Chris Kwak: One final question on the cash flows in terms of the use of cash approximately how much of it was for acquisitions, this quarter?
A - Karl Winters: I think at this point, I probably should defer on that question, and we will print the cash flow in full here shortly. We’ve tried to touch on the broad points today, but I would say it was just significant. We had the acquisition of the 2K Sports studios. We also had the addition of certain studios within the 2K Games business throughout the year and it was certainly well north of, I think, $50 million throughout the year. And at this point, we’re very excited about the portfolio that we can now manage on an internal footing.
Q - Chris Kwak: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia of Southwest Securities.
Q - Arvind Bhatia: Hi, guys. Question on capitalized software; I think you gave some general idea there. But if you can talk about the short-term and long-term component there that you that was the number at the end of the quarter. And if you can give us a sense of how much of the cap software was for products that are in the market currently? And then next quick question is, I know you’re not willing to give any color on GTA as a percentage this year, but can you tell us if your expectations have changed at all in terms of units that you might be expecting?
A - Karl Winters: Arvind, let’s take them in order. The cap software and the development costs for our pipeline, I gave the aggregate total of 119 million. We made the comment that that relates to 100 SKUs, 50 different brands and that the majority are planned for fiscal 2006. I think in keeping with the current vs. long-term perspective on the balance sheet, you could safely assume that the majority of that number would land in the current portion of the balance sheet, since it would relate to the timing of the release. With regard to Grand Theft Auto units, again, we are very pleased that we have been able to extend the Liberty City Stories into the PS2 environment. Certainly added units there, but again, we’re going to have to be somewhat cautious about getting behind units and precise dollar expectations because, and we certainly saw a platform or two during the current holiday season perform at different levels than I think anyone out there, in terms of writing, would have expected, and I don’t want to single out any one particular platform in that comment. But, it makes it very, very difficult to get on with a precise orientation of X number of units across all platforms for that brand in particular.
A - Paul Eibeler: We are anxious to see how the PSP sales hold up first half and then going into the back half of the year when we introduce another Grand Theft Auto PSP product. But, it’s, we’re uncertain now as to how it will perform, the hardware, we know our software will perform very well against hardware sales with a high attach rate. We’re just being a little bit cautious right now.
Q - Arvind Bhatia: Just one quick one. Paul, GameStop talked about improvements in December, you talked about that too. And in the past, when November was looking tough, I think the comments were that some of the edgier titles weren’t doing as well. Help us understand what you saw in December specifically in second half, what type of titles that you had did well? Were they the edgier titles? Were they more of the Sports titles? Just any color so we can understand where the strength might be coming from.
A - Paul Eibeler: Well, the edgier titles, I believe, definitely had a little bit of lackluster performance, where you saw, particularly in that GameStop, they performed very well because they had a breadth of a lot of titles and they kept ordering throughout the holiday season. Our products that were at retail performed very well at retail, but a number of retailers, kind of, put the halts on things and slowed up their reordering process. I think the consumer who buys the edgier products was a little bit more focused than we all believed on next-gen in terms of the 360 and the Sony PlayStation 3 buzz that was out in the marketplace and that’s something that we missed. Those are more short-term indicators. We think long-term that, if you look at 360, the tremendous response to that, the high attach rate of software, the buzz that’s out in the marketplace bodes very, very well long-term. That would be my color. I know that in the case of GameStop, they performed very well because the PSP was new to them and they saw a nice market share on some of the DS products, which we don’t participate as heavily on, and it’s one area that we think there is a growth opportunity.
Q - Arvind Bhatia: Can you give us some specific titles that picked up in the latter half of December?
A - Paul Eibeler: It was across the board. Our titles, there was a Christmas, it just came later and was smaller than we thought. PSP sales, the attach rate was very, very strong on Grand Theft Auto; we saw Midnight Club attach rate selling very well; Civilization sold very well, the PC consumer, slightly different, some of the PC retailers are a little bit different.
Q - Arvind Bhatia: Let me slide in one more, Paul. No guidance I know for 2006, but help us get some broad range, are we talking, you know we’re talking about growth vs. 2005, I’m sure, but just give us some idea. I know your past guidance was $1.15 to $1.45, and you were going to lower that. But just give us some sense of where maybe a broad stroke-type explanation of the shortfall there.
A - Paul Eibeler: You know, when you issue no guidance, and I think we’ve done it prudently because of some of the uncertain market conditions. What we feel very good about is when we look at 2007, and we look at the installed base and the impact of next-gen hardware. But we are really being cautious and we have a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace, and I believe, as we get more confidence in the market and as we see some more structure and maybe some sales pick up or continued velocity on the hardware, we will get back to you with that. But as of now, it would not be prudent for me to give any broad strokes.
Q - Arvind Bhatia: Not before the April call or…
A - Paul Eibeler: When we think…
Q - Arvind Bhatia: Or January…
A - Karl Winters: We’ll have to evaluate it as we go, Arvind.
Q - Arvind Bhatia: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
A - Cindi Buckwalter: Operator, we will take one more question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Andrews of Harris Nesbitt.
Q - Thomas Andrews: Hello?
A - Karl Winters: Hi, Tom.
A - Paul Eibeler: Hi.
Q - Thomas Andrews: Hi guys how are you? Just a couple of questions. Getting back to your cap software, 119 million, does that include products that are being developed externally, and if so, can we get a breakdown on external vs. internal? And then on inventory, can we get a breakdown on what portion is related to distribution? And of the distribution component, how that breaks down as far as price points?
A - Cindi Buckwalter: Tom, just on your cap software question, yes, the cap software would include both internal and external game development. And, just in terms of if you look at roughly the SKU count, at least for our fiscal 2006 year; you’re probably talking about 60% of the titles being developed internally and 40% externally.
Q - Thomas Andrews: Okay.
A - Karl Winters: And then with regard to inventory, Tom, it’s about 60% related to our distribution business and approximately 40% on the publishing business.
Q - Thomas Andrews: Okay, thanks.
Cindi Buckwalter, EVP: Great thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at this time.
