===== 2025 Q2  (2025-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sean Cornett, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sean Cornett: Good morning, and welcome to Tyson Foods second quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings conference call. On today's call, Tyson's President and Chief Executive Officer, Donnie King; and Chief Financial Officer, Curt Calaway, will provide prepared remarks, followed by Q&A. Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart, Group President, Prepared Foods, Beef, Pork, and Chief Supply Chain Officer; Devin Cole, Group President, Poultry & Global Business Unit; and Kristina Lambert, Chief Growth Officer. We have also prepared a supplemental presentation, which may be referenced on today's call and is available on Tyson's Investor Relations website and via the link in our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on Slide 2, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean. You’ve heard me say before that operational excellence never gets old or goes out of style, and this quarter is another proof point. Our strong results underscore the consistent execution of our strategic priorities. Our teams remain focused on execution and proactively navigating an evolving environment. This marks our fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth across sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share. Second quarter adjusted operating income is better by more than $100 million, or 27% versus last year, and are margin expanded by 70 basis points. Our Chicken, Pork, and Prepared Food segments, along with international and other, all delivered year-over-year adjusted operating income growth. We achieved 48% growth in adjusted earnings per share, reflecting improved operating performance and strategic execution. We improved our net leverage ratio versus last year through delivered actions and are maintaining a healthy balance sheet underpinned by our disciplined capital allocation. This reflects our resilience, even as we remain under pressure. Now let's talk about demand. As we mentioned last quarter, 71% of U.S. consumers sought to increase their protein consumption in 2024, according to an International Food Information Council study. The latest Power of Meat Report from the Food Industry Association shows that U.S. meat sales at retail hit an all-time high in 2024, with consumers making purchases more than once per week. According to the study, meat had 98% household reach and was included in nearly 90% of home cooked dinners. Meat is the clear protein choice recognized for nutritional value, convenience, and versatility. Even with our dynamic backdrop, it is evident that consumers continue to prioritize protein, especially from animal sources underscoring robust, sustained demand across the category. As a world-class food company and recognized leader in protein, Tyson is well-positioned. Our multi-protein, multi-channel portfolio allows us to serve a wide range of consumer protein needs across eating occasions and value tiers. Our broad portfolio of strong brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Ball Park, and Hillshire Farm remain key differentiators in a competitive marketplace, allowing us to drive long-term value. Now, let's walk through segment performance; Prepared Foods. Prepared Foods continues to be a high-performing and dependable driver of profitability. In the second quarter, we delivered double-digit margins expanding by 50 basis points versus the prior year. The team continues to execute with excellence on the factors within their control. We see meaningful runway to expand margins over time. Our multi-year plan focused on optimizing operations, launching winning innovations, and expanding distribution is on track. As a tangible example of how we are driving operational improvement, we have developed and implemented new tools that provide line and process-level visibility of performance versus equipment capabilities. We have achieved measurable gains over the past year with line and labor efficiencies, increasing by 250 basis points and 280 basis points respectively. These tools coupled with the improved sales and operations planning process enable smarter decisions around product scheduling and labor staffing, which in turn are improving productivity, reducing costs, and supporting stronger service levels. As we continue to utilize these tools and improvements across the business, we'll continue to reduce inefficiencies and drive out waste. Innovation also continues to be an area of focus where we are making progress. Our Jimmy Dean chicken biscuits recently won the 2024 Circada Pacesetter Award for new product of the year. We are continuing to build on that success with new line extensions like the chicken, egg and cheese biscuit that newly launched this spring. RITE brand continues to resonate with consumers as a leading premium bacon brand. We’re now leveraging that equity to expand into smoked sausage, bringing the same trusted quality to a new category. We are also unlocking growth in our Hillshire Farms snacking portfolio as consumers, especially adults, continue to seek convenient protein rich options. In chicken, we delivered our best second quarter adjusted operating income in nine years and our second consecutive quarter of volume growth. This quarter adjusted operating income nearly doubled compared to the same quarter last year, driven by strong operational execution across the business, including the best order fill rates we’ve seen in many years and lower grain costs. We continue to prioritize building long-term, winning relationships with our customers, allowing us to partner in growing the category by stabilizing our earnings profile. Indeed, we are navigating a challenging environment with discipline, we are managing costs and enhancing mix towards more value added offerings. While limited cattle availability is pressuring spreads, consumer demand has remained resilient. Our teams are executing well across procurement, production, and distribution to meet customer needs and stay on track. Turning to Pork, we delivered our best second quarter adjusted operating income in three years. This reflects the strength of the improvements we have made in building a fundamentally better pork business. Operational advancements and momentum in value added mix contribute to our results, offsetting tighter spreads. And while hog costs remain a factor, we're encouraged by a healthy demand outlook. Across all segments, we're actively monitoring the evolving macro landscape and while we're not immune, our experience in navigating past cycles gives us confidence to respond effectively and proactively scenario plans. Our strategic priorities, operational excellence, customer and consumer obsession, data and digital delivery, capital allocation, and team member development remain unchanged. And our teams are executing them with excellence. Over the past several quarters, we have shared our actions to optimize our plant network and those efforts are continuing to generate efficiency to also reduce CAPEX requirements. In this next phase of our optimization journey, we're taking deliberate measured steps to evolve our logistics and distribution infrastructure. These efforts are early stage, but are critically important as we work towards greater long-term efficiency. We will sell multiple smaller conventional coal storage warehouses, unlocking gross proceeds in a range of $250 million to $300 million. And then transition as a new anchor partner into several large scale, fully automated next generation coal storage facilities. These facilities will reduce network complexity, streamline inventory flow, and simplify processes in ways that will better position us to serve our customers, smarter and faster now and into the future. This transition will be a multi-year journey, but we believe this will generate around $200 million of annual savings at full completion, which is currently anticipated in 2030. We are confident that these actions will lead to meaningful operational improvements, greater agility, allow future growth, and reducing future capital requirements. Before I turn things over to Curt, I'd like to take a moment to talk about the thoughtful steps we're taking across our portfolio to align with evolving opportunities around products, ingredients, and quality standards. As a recognized leader in protein, none of the products Tyson Foods offers through our school nutrition programs include petroleum-based synthetic dyes as ingredients. Today, the vast majority of our retail branded Tyson products, including our Tyson Dino Nuggets, Tyson Chicken Nuggets, Tyson Chicken Bites, and Jimmy Dean Maple Griddle Cakes do not contain any of these types of dyes, and we have been proactively reformulating those few products that do. We expect that our work to eliminate use of petroleum-based synthetic dyes in production will be completed by the end of May, much sooner than the timeline provided by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt to walk through our financial results in more detail.
Curt Calaway: Thanks Donnie. Second quarter enterprise sales were $13.1 billion but that includes a reduction of $343 million or 2.6% related to a legal contingency accrual primarily reflected in pork. Excluding this, sales would have grown as expected year-over-year. Adjusted operating income increased by 27% to $515 million driven by another strong quarter of performance in Chicken and solid contributions from International and Other, Pork and Prepared Foods, all of which helped offset the decline in Beef. Adjusted earnings per share grew more than 48%. As Donnie mentioned, this is the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth across sales, AOI, and adjusted EPS. Our multi protein, multi-channel portfolio combined with our team’s continued execution in a changing macro environment is delivering results. Turning to second quarter segment performance. In Prepared Foods, sales were in line versus last year as higher pricing was offset by softer volume. It's worth noting that pricing was up across retail and Food Away From Home channels, a reflection of our effective brand portfolio and pass through pricing. Adjusted operating income increased nearly 5% and margin improved 50 basis points versus last year. We continue to be more efficient with our marketing, advertising, and promotional support costs, as well as broader SG&A expenses. We also continue to make progress with our operational execution initiatives. These improvements along with pricing and lapping of startup costs last year, more than offset the impact of the ongoing raw material cost increases. In Chicken, we delivered our second consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth, contributing to a 2% increase in sales. Adjusted operating income increased 95% versus last year, highlighting our best second quarter performance since fiscal 2016. Year-over-year profit growth was driven by ongoing operational improvements and the net benefit of lower grain costs. Sales in Beef increased primarily due to a higher average price per pound reflecting ongoing healthy demand. Adjusted operating income declined driven by spread compression, emphasizing higher year-over-year cattle costs. In Pork, sales were roughly in line versus last year, excluding the impact of the legal contingency accrual. Adjusted operating income increased 67%, reflecting the strongest second quarter results in the past three years. Cost discipline and improvements in utilization and value added mix more than offset tighter spreads. Turning to our financial position, our capital allocation strategy is consistent and deliberate. We remain focused on maintaining financial strength, investing in the business, and returning cash to shareholders. Year-to-date operating cash flow was $846 million and capital expenditures came in at $464 million, resulting in free cash flow of $382 million. Year-to-date dividends were $349 million. We remain committed to the dividend as our primary way of returning cash to shareholders. We ended the quarter with net leverage at 2.3 times and $3.2 billion in liquidity after paying off our $750 million term loan that was due in 2026. Our balance sheet remains healthy as we prioritize financial strength, our investment grade credit rating and cash management to drive long-term shareholder value. Now let's take a moment to review our outlook for fiscal 2025. Our total company guidance is unchanged. We anticipate sales to be between flat to up 1% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income is expected to be between $1.9 billion and $2.3 billion, representing growth across the entire range. We still anticipate interest expense of approximately $375 million and a tax rate of around 25%. We remain focused on disciplined cash management with CAPEX expected to be between $1 billion and $1.2 billion and free cash flow in the range of $1 billion to $1.6 billion. The macro environment is dynamic, affecting each of our businesses to varying degrees. But as you can see from our supplemental materials and in our press release, our segment level adjusted operating income guidance remains unchanged as well. With that, I'll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Curt. In closing, I'm proud of the results our team delivered this quarter and encouraged by the momentum we're building. Despite a complex and evolving macro environment, we're focused on what we can control and executing with excellence. With sustained consumer demand for protein, the strength of our iconic brand brands and a continued commitment to operational excellence, we believe we are well positioned to drive long term value for our shareholders. To our 138,000 team members, from the front lines of our facilities to our offices around the world, thank you. Your hard work, resilience and commitment are what make our success possible. And our customers and suppliers thank you for your continued partnership and support. Before moving to Q&A, I’d like to introduce Kristina Lambert, Tyson Foods’ new Chief Growth Officer. Kristina was named Executive Vice President of Strategic Initiatives and joined the Tyson Foods enterprise leadership team earlier this year. Kristina has more than 28 years of experience in the protein industry. Prior to her most recent role, Kristina led our retail frozen value added business within the poultry organization, where she maintained full P&L responsibility, expanded our innovation pipeline, and managed the relaunch of the iconic Tyson brand. Melanie Boulden, our Chief Growth Officer and former Group President of Prepared Foods is retiring from Tyson Foods. I want to thank her for the results she has delivered and the team she has built. We’re sad to see her go, but we wish her the best in the future. Melanie will remain a consultant for Tyson Foods ensuring a seamless transition with Kristina. With that, I’ll turn it over to Sean as we open the line for your questions.
Sean Cornett: Thanks, Donnie. We will now move forward to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Alexia Howard at Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. So you beat consensus expectations this quarter on the profit line, but you didn't raise guidance for the full year. How did the result come through versus your internal expectations and what's coming through better or worse than expected? And then I have a follow-up.
Curt Calaway: Thank you, Alexia. Donnie. Let me -- before jumping into that, let me share a couple of additional thoughts on Q2. I think this quarter clearly demonstrates the importance of our multi-protein, multi-channel portfolio. We are best positioned intentionally to provide affordable, accessible, and nutritious protein that consumer continues to demand in this very dynamic environment. While beef is experiencing the most challenging market conditions we've ever seen, we increased total adjusted operating income by 27%. And every segment grew other than beef. Chicken has standout performance, our best Q2 AOI in nine years. Prepared Foods has continued steady margin performance. I am pleased with our efficiency improvements through better yields, reducing waste, and a continuing push for best-in-class execution in our plant. We've made significant strides in maximizing the efficiency of trade and map spending, and our innovation pipeline is the largest that we've ever had. And we're committed to growing our Prepared Foods business, both volume and bottom line. We remain agile and work with pace to optimize our operations and distribution network. And I'm excited about the next step on our journey as we transform our logistics network. This will unlock annual savings of approximately $200 million over time, and will support our growth into the future. The dynamic environment we and others have referenced includes uncertainty from tariff impacts and pressure on the consumer. But our guidance considers those risks, and we're growing at the bottom line across the entire range. Now, in terms of guidance, I will add a little, and then I will let Kris add some color to it as well. Overall, we remain excited about our FY 2025. We expect to generate profitability growth over the last year. Last part of the year, the entire range of our earnings guidance, while managing through the most challenging beef environment we've ever seen. So we feel good about that overall. And our overall view of the business hasn't materially changed since we spoke last and we’re reaffirming the 1.9% to 2.3%. I would tell you that that considers -- we consider all the things such as the chicken business and what that looks like for the balance of the year. We think Prepared Foods to be more balanced across the year. We as you see what happened in the first half of the year in beef and we lost $181 million and then you stack on tariffs and consumer pressure and inflation that we’re seeing in the marketplace, we feel good about where we are at this point based on what we know at this point. Curt?
Curt Calloway : Yes. Just maybe a couple of comments. I think overall your question included did it come in line with our expectations or what were the differences? I think it came in line with our expectations kind of reiterating our overall stance on the full year. Certainly in the prepared comments we made reference to our guidance does include the outlook for the remainder of the year with an assumption for tariffs and consumer dynamics. But I think we’re pleased with where we are and very proud of the improvement we made on a year-over-year basis. And we are growing across all parts of the range that we’ve provided for the full year.
Alexia Howard: And can I follow up on chicken because I think the guidance, you've obviously come through very strongly in the first half of the year, but keeping the guidance the same implies, I think, a fairly big decline year-over-year in operating income. Is there something changing there in terms of the industry dynamics, what should we be aware of? Thank you, and I'll pass it on.
Donnie King: Thanks, Alexia You know, we still feel like we had a great, we obviously had a great first half of the year if you look at the numbers. There's just some uncertainty as you look at the back half of the year. If we look and compare it against our annual, our adjusted operating income it looks pretty good. But we also look at what consensus looks like as it relates to chicken. I think chicken will be a clear winner in this, for the balance of 2025. Let me stop with that level of detail, and I will kick it over to Devin Cole, and Devin can give us more detail around the chicken business.
Devin Cole: Yeah, thanks, Donnie. You know, again, we did deliver a very strong quarter. I'd say largely due to the strength and execution of our team, and I want to thank everyone for their focus and execution around those efforts. Generally, our strategy it will remain unchanged, but we do need to stay flexible with our tactics in this environment. I think things that we delivered in the quarter that will continue to be a priority and continue to deliver excellence moving forward is we have outperformed the industry in live. We extended our improvements related to plant performance, and then the intense focus on the customer continued. As mentioned, we've now had two consecutive quarters with fill rates over 98%, and our innovation pipeline is resonating very well. And if you look ahead, we did reaffirm our guidance in the range of 1 billion to 1.3 billion, and I think that takes into consideration one, the confidence that we have in the operating environment, but also the sustainable progress we've made in the first half of the year. But I think we also have to layer in as a consideration investments that we'll be making in the back half of the year, primarily to strengthen and extend our number one share and value-added retail food service. We also have to consider our diversified pricing models, it's worth recalling that we utilize those models with our customers, many of which are linked to grain markets to build stable margins over time, and to just factoring in the overall macroeconomic environment.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Peter Galbo at Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. Donnie, I actually wanted to start on the changes in the cold storage facilities that came out. I think you mentioned $200 million of annual savings, and that's maybe over a five-year period. And as I dug through the 10-Q, it looks like that will mostly be split between Chicken and Prepared Foods. So maybe just two things. One, if we could get a little bit more detail on kind of that breakout that you're anticipating, again, realizing it's over the long term; and b) obviously, this has been an ongoing discussion probably for quite a bit of time. But just what kind of led finally to pulling the trigger on this, is it part of the broader, again, restructuring as we think about the margin profile and sustainability of higher margins for Chicken and Prepared going forward?
Donnie King: Yes. Thanks, Peter. I think you largely answered the question in some of your comments, but just let me reaffirm those things for you. We've talked now for a couple of years about assessing every facet of our business. And I'll tell you, we've been -- when we looked at our logistics network, and we identified some things that we didn't like. We identified opportunities for improvement. And Brady Stewart and the -- that team that works on this have been working on this for well over a year in terms of trying to get to this point. Since Brady and his team did all the work, let me ask him to deliver some details behind the project.
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Donnie. And as you mentioned, specifically want to call out the team for laying out a really appropriate strategy. Today, our network is too complex and too costly. And so we saw an opportunity to really right size our network that allows us to continue to grow into the future, but also bring cash into the enterprise as well. And so we mentioned the length of time associated with this transition and transformation. And it's really important to understand that there's new cold storages that will be built that will get our products closer to customers, which reduces the total number of miles, reduces our carbon footprint in delivering our products to our customers and ultimately, we'll deliver that over $200 million in annual savings as we move out three to five years from now.
Peter Galbo: And Brady, just before I move on to my next question, just a rough split on that $200 million between the two?
Curt Calaway: This is Curt. I don't know that we have that for today. I think go back to the statement that I think about right, this network is principally for our Poultry and Prepared business, very little utilization of the network that Brady is speaking to for Beef and Pork. So it is all under the normal or relative chair split if you will based on the volumes that are moving through the Poultry and Prepared Foods items.
Peter Galbo: Got it, okay, that’s helpful. And maybe just one, I don’t know it is probably a bit of a jump in terms of the question. But in Prepared Foods specifically, I think, again, in the Q you called out kind of higher raw material costs. And so maybe you kind of got to the margin you did based on SG&A. I'm just curious kind of how we should think about the go forward there, listening to some of your peers, they're obviously baking in higher raw materials. But like are we getting to the numbers really just kind of on lower SG&A going forward, that obviously has implications for the top line, so just wanted to understand that? Thanks.
Brady Stewart: Sure. And thanks for the question, Peter. This is Brady again. Number one, I think it's really important to understand that we're very excited about our Prepared Foods business. And this comes in a multitude of different areas. Number one is we're excited about the team we have in place and the true management operating system that, that team is placed and we're excited about our brands. We have leading brands that will continue to play a part with our customers and our consumers as well. And so when you really look out in front, it's important to understand, I think, really in three different buckets that create the excitement. Number one is from an innovation perspective. Donnie in his prepared remarks commented on our innovation coming with right brand premium sausage. He commented on the amazing growth we've had from the Hillshire Snacking platform, and he commented on the innovation we brought forth with the success with our Jimmy Dean Chicken Biscuit as well. On top of that, we have one of the most robust innovation pipelines in the history of Tyson Foods, and we're extremely excited that we have the innovation coming within the next year in every single one of our core categories for Prepared Foods. As estimate it would drive us from a growth perspective into the future. Second is from a distribution perspective. We continue to see distribution games. Again our product is in the right place for our consumers to continue to have access to them. And then lastly we are really supporting innovation and distribution with core fundamentals. And Donnie mentioned in his opening remarks as well that we have strengthened our foundation through operational improvements. And that comes in the form of both distribution that comes in the future relative to our supply chain announcement. It also comes relative to the improvements we've seen from an operations perspective in our manufacturing assets. So, I think when you parlay all three of those items on top of each other, again, we're very excited about our Prepared Foods business.
Donnie King: So if I could add just one thing too, a couple of things to what Brady has said. If you think about our Prepared Foods business since we made the major acquisition of Hillshire in 2014, this business today, we're literally putting it together from end to end, from operations through supply chain, through trade and map efficiency management, growing with strategic customers, investing behind the brands. We're doing a lot of things. This has been a, let's call it, a 9% to 10% business. We think it's better than that. And we believe to think the unlocks that we have before us will actually our proof points for the delivery of something north of a 10% return on sales as it relates to our Prepared Foods business. We're in -- I would just say we're in early innings, but maybe mid innings as it relates to Prepared Foods. But there's going to be a better day in Prepared Foods than even what we see today.
Peter Galbo: Great, thanks so much guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ken Goldman at J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, to follow-up on that last question I really do appreciate all the efforts that are being made in Prepared Foods and certainly it seems just optically from an external angle that there is upside to margin. I think what the question that I get sometimes and that I wanted to put to you a little bit is a) when do we start to see a real uptick, meaningful uptick right above 10% on a sustainable basis. Obviously, not perfectly above 10% every quarter. So a little bit on the timing? And then secondly, sort of what's different this time, I guess, is one of the questions I get also, right. We've heard from Tyson a level of optimism for many years right now about Prepared Foods getting above 10%, hasn't really stuck at that level. So just kind of wanted to get a sense for those two if it makes sense?
Donnie King: Sure, Ken. Good morning and fair question as it relates to Prepared Foods. If I look at Prepared Foods and let's call it, earlier days, prior days. Prepared Foods, depending on the quarter and the timing, you would see one element of the business performing well, and that was typically large enough to get us into 9% to 10%. What we're describing to you today and Brady can speak in greater detail to this is that we are -- we have process in place for every phase of the game from end to end to improve the performance of this business. We believe there is tremendous upside to this Prepared Foods business. And I would tell you, and I don't know how to correct the fact that we haven't done what you thought we would do in the past other than to be able to show you that we're going to deliver what we said we're going to do. But this Prepared Foods business, operationally, supply chain from a trade and map perspective, from a customer relationship growing across multiple channels is doing all the right things today, and it's on purpose and led by Kyle, Melanie [ph], and Brady and that team. Brady, do you want to add anything to that, that I haven't?
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Donnie. Really, really well said. And number one is just to get back to the foundation, the team has really laid in management operating system that is truly sustainable. And so to be able to continue to improve on our manufacturing costs and supply chain costs really highlighting our line and labor efficiency, our yield improvements we've seen as well and in benchmarking against engineered standards across our entire network, really lays the foundation for us to continue to build on. And then lastly is this innovation pipeline that we have, I am extremely proud of the team to put this together with our growth team, the R&D team and our business management team as well. This really provides us a huge platform to leapfrog into the future.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, thank you. And then -- I appreciate that. Then just a quick question on chicken demand. It feels like within Quick Service more items are being added to menus every week. There are articles increasingly about on that topic. And so it's becoming I think apparent to some observers that maybe chicken demand at QSR would be a little bit better than what people had initially hoped. At the same time, the QSR channel maybe has some of its own challenges. So just kind of want to get a sense for what's in your guidance for QSR chicken demand now as opposed to a few months ago in light of some of those puts and takes?
Donnie King: Sure. Well, I mean, will give you my short answer to that. And if you look at the macro environment, when food will be consumed away from home, typically in an environment like this, would see QSR growth. And particularly QSR -- within the QSR business, you're going to see chicken perform. I think that it would be reasonable to think that, that will occur again. I think that we see signs of that going on today. And the demand there for our business, even in foodservice is still quite strong. So let me flip it over, Ken, to Devin and I'll let him add some color around that.
Devin Cole: Yes. Maybe just a couple of points there. I mean, I think relative to the QSR arena, we did see strong growth within the quarter with double-digit growth within that portfolio. And we see the same thing you do with continued promotional activity throughout the spring and summer. So we're encouraged by that. But I'll also tell you that it's bigger than that for us. We have a broad portfolio across all of our foodservice categories as well as retail, and we did see growth within retail at our value-added and deli offerings. So I would just say that as we look across all of our customer base, we do continue to partner with them and we're able to provide options that consumers are increasingly looking for, for convenience and value. So we feel good about our overall volume outlook.
Kenneth Goldman: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Hi, yeah, good morning Donnie and Curt. Just a first question maybe on beef and just the general environment. So it feels like you only had a small volume drop in the quarter that could almost be explained by just the leap year and some of the calendar effect. So just wanted to understand a little bit better what you're seeing in terms of supply of cattle and the cost of that into your operations and how you think about the earlier signs maybe as to some of the heifer retention, is that building or not, so how should we think about just beef throughout the cycle, are we at the bottom, or is it just still too early to tell? That would be my first question.
Donnie King: Sure, Ben. Let me add a little bit to the demand softness that you talked about in our 2Q. That happens every year with us. It's not unusual to see a seasonal demand softness in Q2. And so we didn't see that as anything notable really other than the fact that it was that time of year. But I'll give it to Brady to talk about the supply heifer retention and volumes.
Brady Stewart: Well, thanks, Donnie. And Ben, I think it's important to note that cattle on feed from a weight perspective are extremely heavy. We're at record weights throughout the business as well. So we're seeing some weights that is offsetting from a volume perspective, some of the lower head counts we're seeing as the supply has been obviously lower than a year ago. Relative to heifer retention, and I would just say this, and Curt has mentioned this before, if we're not at the bottom relative to cow inventories, we can definitely see it from here as well. And I think a couple of reference points behind that certainly would be we've seen an extreme drop almost 18% in beef cow harvest numbers. And then secondary to that is we have seen a drop relative to heifers on feed, which means that the heifers are not on feed they're being retained by farmers and ranchers as well, and we're seeing a 4% drop in heifers year-over-year as well. So I think the signs are really aligning to a rebuild to start to occur. And from a liquidation standpoint, really seeing the bottom at this point as well.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much for that. And then my second question really is just about the international business. Clearly, there was a pretty significant improvement on a year-over-year basis, and we're looking at it on a six-month basis. I mean, it's a massive difference versus last year. So help us maybe understand and I know in past you've talked a lot about international being an important part of the growth journey. But what have you done different and actually executed on to start to see the fruits and the benefits of all these investments that you had in years past to drive international and what's like kind of the level you think about international could contribute on an annual basis beyond maybe what is your fiscal guidance for 2025?
Devin Cole: Yes. Sure, this is Devin. I appreciate you bringing that up, and I'll make this perhaps sounds simpler than it really is, meaning that it's really about the work that our team has accomplished. It's one thing to have a strategy, and it's a completely different thing to have execution against the strategy, and we have both in this area. We have simply improved our operational fundamentals and we've also executed a very good commercial growth strategy. You can see that in the results. And in fact, it is our strongest quarter on record. There were -- looking ahead, there were some overall benefit in the quarter related to onetime impacts. However, we expect to continue on this path. That will be favorable, certainly in the prior year and in line with our expectations. I do expect the performance in the back half of the year could be affected by the macroeconomic environment because certainly, the consumer around the world is not immune to some of the economic challenges that we see. But listen, overall, we feel great about the team. We feel great about the strategy and the future of the global business and our portfolio remains important to us.
Benjamin Theurer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Thomas Palmer at Citi. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. Maybe just start out, any help as we think about third quarter expectations. I mean if I look at industry trends and general seasonality, it would seem like chicken typically is better in the third quarter than the second quarter from a profit standpoint, maybe pork a little bit weaker, just any help us kind of thinking through what we just saw this past quarter and kind of what you're anticipating as we roll into the third quarter? Thank you.
Curt Calaway: Thanks. This is Curt. Maybe start off with how we're thinking about the year. Obviously, we don't give individual quarter guidance. But I think the basis of your question was, look, from a chicken standpoint the first half of the year, generating about $680 million. Obviously, as Devin had said earlier, still a range of 1 to 1.3, but we acknowledge it definitely is a constructive operating environment that we're in. But hurry on to repeat Devin's comments, that we'll continue to make some investments but a little heavier rate in the back half of the year. But for the overall year, we would still expect to be at or above the midpoint in the upper half of the range for chicken. Certainly, pork delivering well so far $114 million on a year-to-date basis with a range of 100 million to 200 million. So we’ll leave it to you to kind of imply where that will be. Certainly, it is a business that generally has a positive strong our Q1 and a strong first half of the year relative to normal historical cycles, but acknowledging at 114 million over the low end of the range thus far.
Donnie King: So maybe I add a couple of comments to the guidance. Just speaking very generally about the business. If you look at our beef business, and I realize it's losing money today. But our beef business, the team that lead our beef business are operating at a very, very high level. The execution from what I've seen has never been better than what we see today from our beef business. From a pork perspective, our pork business is performing very, very well. You saw it in the numbers. You saw it in the numbers, just the management operating systems that we have in place in both beef and pork, some technology that we’ve deployed against those businesses is certainly helping with that. You saw in chicken, a very constructive Q1, got a lot of momentum and there will be some investments in brands on the Tyson brand in the back half of the year. That’s the kind of the 1 to 1.3 kind of conversation. And then if I think about Prepared, I laid out earlier today that there’s a lot of upside to Prepared. We’re in kind of mid innings, if you will, in terms of performance and Prepared. But there’s a lot of upside for us as a company. In our international business, it's a smaller business that we have, but their strategy they have in place and their execution against that strategy is really, really good. And then maybe finally, as it relates to consumers and customers, we're aligned with strategic customers and feel good about those relationships, and we're growing their business and thereby growing our business. But from a consumer perspective, in this environment, wherever that consumer is we're intersecting with that consumer and we provide high-end or value tier propositions for those consumers. So we feel good about all of those in the business in general.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks for that walk-through. Maybe I could just follow-up quickly on international. Why has it been so strong in the past couple of quarters and I guess how persistent do you think the drivers of that might be?
Devin Cole: Yes. So maybe just to repeat, I mean, it really is as simple as we set out, call it a year ago with a very defined strategy knowing that we needed to be better at our operational fundamentals. And I think the result of that is, one, we run more efficient operations, more profitable operations. But what it's really done is allowed us to go to our customers with a case that's equal to or better than what we see from our competitors, meaning we have innovation pipelines, we have competitive costs. We have talent. We have everybody aligned against that strategy. So again, it is around the operational fundamentals and getting our facilities where they need to be from a commercial growth strategy -- and I don't see that changing. Those things are very well defined. We have a great leadership team in place and everybody is working towards the same strategy.
Thomas Palmer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. My first one is back on the outlook for chicken. You mentioned some uncertainty and also the investments. I was just hoping you could elaborate a little bit on both of those factors. So can you maybe compare or quantify the investments in chicken in the back half of the year versus the front half of the year and has that expectation changed at all over the last several months? And then on the uncertainties, are those really trade related or is there something else, I guess I would have thought with some of your lags on pricing, you'd have visibility through the third quarter at this point?
Devin Cole: Yes. So maybe let me break that up just a little bit. The investment itself, we've talked about an incremental $100 million year-over-year in FY 2025, and that's going to be weighted more towards the back half. We do have some new product launches, and we've also got some work going on with our strategic customers. But I would say, too, that it's not just about trade and market expand necessarily. We've also made some significant investments to make sure that we've got the right quality, particularly with our retail products, branded retail products, and we've also made sure that we got the right packaging in place to make sure that we’re meeting the needs of the shopper including those that are increasingly utilizing delivery pickup. I think too about the innovation piece of our business will be not only critical in the quarter and the year but beyond. And everything that we’re doing starts with the consumer insights. We are reaching our consumers through digital platforms, and that's part of the spend that we've talked about. And then we use data to make sure that we're getting a return on those investments. But across all those things, that's really where that spend is occurring, and we feel very good about what that will mean for the future of the business. Again, you mentioned pricing, just to touch on that. Overall pricing is very healthy. We did see a slight decline on average sales price in the quarter primarily due to some cost plus pricing models that we have. But think about it this way, we mentioned before, we utilize a very diverse set of pricing models by design, and that's everything from negotiated to fixed price. We have grain-based, cost-plus formulas. And we've even got some market-based pricing. And ultimately, those are all designed to evolve our commercial relationships, build these long-term relationships, and allow us to focus on growing the category and really stabilize our earnings.
Curt Calaway: Maybe just to add a couple of things really quick. I think your question touched on consumer or customer uncertainty or the impact of trade flows. I think what we intended to talk about there is, right, the consumer will continue to move around in what they're choosing to buy and elements of the population will see value. I think we're set up to be able to position our offerings to the customers and consumers to meet those needs. But -- and that investment in the back half that we talked about will be a little more incremental in the back half than the front half. But reiterate what we said, right, we're still expecting to be at or above the midpoint of the range that we gave, which with a $680 million first half of the year, even at the high end of the range, $1.3 billion, that $620 million in the back half of the year. That's the context we want you to make sure you understand from that.
Andrew Strelzik: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then my other question was just on -- more specifically on tariffs. Have you seen any changes in export trade flows related to that or any impacts on your business so far, either pull forward on demand, shifts away from the U.S. to other countries, I'm just curious how you're seeing that so far and your hand capping that in your outlook? Thanks.
Donnie King: Sure. Let me give you the punchline first. We do not expect global protein consumption to change. That's our top line view as it relates to that. There could be temporary short-term disruptions that as global trade flows adjust we anticipate that. But as we talked about last quarter, we've been contingency planning to minimize disruptions to both trade and supply chain. And frankly, we've been doing this for 90 years. There have been tariffs, there have been nontrade tariff barriers, there have been all of those things, and we're confident in our ability to tap and succeed. We're certainly interested in working with the administration in Congress to try to resolve this sooner rather than later. But we feel good about where we are and what we have done, we have factored everything as it relates to tariffs and consumer pressure and so forth into our guidance.
Andrew Strelzik: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you, good morning. I just want to come back to beef. Obviously, there's a lot of challenges there, but one thing that's proven to be better than we'd expected or feared is the consumer demand even as pricing has been sticky and going up, the revenues continue -- been growing nicely. So maybe any sense of just what you're seeing there, is it driven by more of a higher-end consumer, help us maybe understand just what's helping keep that sales growth momentum going?
Donnie King: Yes, it's a great question, Michael. And obviously, the consumer has been extremely resilient relative to beef. And we've seen appropriate strength on middle meats. But I think what's really helped us cut out up at such a high level has been some of the values that are being derived through the grinds complex as well. And regardless of format, if it's in the format of a patty, if it's in ground beef and chubs, we've really seen a lot of resiliency in it. That provides us some benefits all the way from the chub to the round as well. And so I would highlight the resiliency and opportunity for a consumer to potentially move from middle meats down into ground beef and consumers are going to continue to eat beef. And I think that's really the highlight is they still have the opportunity to move into these grinds complexes from some of the middle meats as well.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's great. That's helpful. And just a follow-up on the regulatory environment. Is there a sense for what your exposure is to SNAP recipient households and if there's some cut back or dial back in what those benefits look like, have you been able to quantify what, if any risk you think that might give?
Donnie King: Well, I mean, it's -- this is Donnie. This is a little bit across the board or all over the board, I should say. But interestingly enough, here in Arkansas, about a month ago, our Governor sought a waiver from USDA to substitute rotisserie chicken into the SNAP program as opposed to some candy and sweet goods and so forth. And so we see that catching on across the country. We see protein, as we talked about or I talked about in the earlier comments, that we're seeing U.S. meat sales at all-time high in 2024, 98% of household penetration. So protein is clearly a winner in the marketplace, whether that's chicken, beef, pork or turkey. So we feel good about that. I have no specifics as it relates to what the economic value is in terms of SNAP and how that may trade and how the administration may do it. But once we know, we will -- we'll certainly make you aware of that.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Pooran Sharma with Stephens Inc. please go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Great, thanks for the questions. Just wanted to ask about operationally, we had a pretty cold winter across many parts of the U.S. Just want to understand if you could help us qualitatively or if you could quantify any cold weather impacts. I will say I was impressed, continue to be impressed by chicken, but I get the sense that maybe you were impacted with the cold weather and the thing you could have done a little bit better but I'll stop there and see what color you have to share?
Donnie King: Sure. I would tell you that early Q2, we certainly had weather disruptions across end of the year. The central part of the country, up and down the East Coast, we often see snow, ice, tornadoes, hurricanes. I mean, honestly, you get to see it all. And -- but we manage our business to be able to deliver in spite of those things and we try to keep our team members safe through those processes. Our animals safe in those live here in those processes. And I think we fared very well early in the quarter, but it did cost us some money.
Curt Calaway: Yes. This is Curt. I think I wouldn't call it anything where it was materially different than historical norms. I think to add to what Donnie said, right, the benefit of our network and portfolio as we prepare for winter storm, specifically, as you referenced, moving within the network and optimizing as best as we can. And while it was certainly a challenging Q2 given the weather, we are accustomed to dealing with that.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Great. Appreciate the color there. I guess my follow-up will just be just pork related. Just hog supplies have been coming a little bit lighter than expected. Wanted to get a sense if you think the industry is continuing to rationalize production or supplies or if this is just temporary disruptions, i.e. weather, disease related. How do you expect supply availability to trend through the back half of the year?
Brady Stewart: Great question. And I think I think the real reference point is the fact that if you look at a lot of the models that are published, the pork producer is able to be profitable which is a great reversal from a couple of years ago as well. So that certainly provides some financial continuity and stability to continue to keep the South productive. Second part of that is we continue to see opportunity relative to genetic improvement in herd health from a sale perspective. And so those productivities in terms of pigs per litter continue to be on an upward trajectory, which is positive relative to supply as well. And then lastly, as we come out of our fiscal Q2, I think it's important to note that the kind of move out of disease season relative to pork production. And so you see some of those impacts that certainly flow through. But from a supply perspective, we don't see any large disruptions and our outlook for the rest of the year is really to continue to layer into our operational improvements that we've seen year-to-date. We have plenty of runway left that the team is executing to that we would expect to offset any supply disruptions.
Pooran Sharma: Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning and thanks for the question. I'll try to be quick. My first one is on beef and then my follow-up will be on chicken. The first one, beef and pork. So if I remember correctly, I don't think your initial guidance included an impact from tariffs and it now does. So is it fair to assume that if those are resolved relatively quickly, there's potential upside to guidance?
Curt Calaway: This is Curt. I think I'll start out really quick. We did -- in the last quarter, we did reference that our ranges included our outlook and impact associated with tariffs. Certainly, it was early days when we were on the call last quarter. But we did consider that in the prior quarter.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then on the chicken front, I hate to belabor this, but -- it's obviously a very constructive setup and all tend to be long, dark meat, which has been on fire. So I was just wondering, you referenced the $100 million investment, which I've talked about all along. I was wondering, given your move to feeder plants and just the inherent advantage that gives you relative to your peers, are you also planning on investing more in the pricing side to protect and gain share or just -- I'm still having trouble rectifying your -- reconciling your second half implied guide with the backdrop we have and it doesn't seem to add to just $100 million, so just trying to figure that out? Thank you.
Donnie King: Sure. I'm not sure I can help you, but let me give you some of the components of this. The -- if you think about from a dark meat, I'm not clear about what that -- what you're meaning with that. What I can tell you is 95% of the dark meat we produce is sold domestically. So that's one proof point. If you look at where or what we've done relative to adding value to dark meat, whether that be boneless, skinless, retail, or more value-added products as it relates to dark meat, we've been on a journey to convert more of the commodity into value-added or premiums and we haven't stopped that journey. And so we feel good about that. And so we also said from a guidance standpoint that we thought we'd be middle range to upper range. It's the factors we considered there were really two. One was the year-to-date momentum would push you to the top of the range and the investment back in the brand and plus any consumer pressure or tariff unknowns or activity, we've built that into this model. So we're comfortable with the 1 to 1 3. But Devin, do you want to...
Curt Calaway: This is Curt. Let me add just for -- just a second. I think just to go back, Heather, on the reference I made on an earlier question, right, we made $680 million in the front half of the year at the high end of our range, that would imply a back half of $620 million or down to 60 versus the front half. Again, we said we'd be at or above the upper half. Hopefully, that gives you a little bit of context relative to the spend of the $100 million. And so to reiterate, the dark meat comment, from an overall perspective, overall chicken, about 95% of the total revenue in chicken gets sold domestically.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for squeezing me. I'll ask two questions very quickly. You continue to generate significant amount of free cash flow. So what could be the policy for better shareholder returns given the amount of free cash flow you're generating? And my second question here is, given the downturn we are generally seeing in an economy and your strong balance sheet, any opportunities for small bolt-on acquisitions that you see out there and in which business segments could you target for small bolt-on deals? Thank you.
Curt Calaway: This is Curt. Thanks for the question. From a free cash flow standpoint in the first half of the year, we were just a little shy of $400 million. We still provided a guidance range for the full year of free cash flow between $1 billion and $1.6 billion. At our run rate of dividends, we've spent about $700 million on dividends for the full year. Our leverage, certainly acknowledging we've made significant improvement over the last six quarters going from 4.1 times to 2.3 times. Our long-term goal is still at 2 times. So we have a little bit of ways to go before we get to our ultimate goal. And with respect to M&A, our stance remains the same. We look at opportunities, but we're very selective in what we choose to look at. But overall context, still looking at opportunities more in the value-added parts of our portfolio.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: Thank you for your time and continued interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to sharing our progress with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Sean Cornett from the Investor Relations team. Sir, please go ahead.
Sean Cornett: Good morning, and welcome to Tyson Foods fiscal first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. On today's call, Tyson's President and Chief Executive Officer, Donnie King; and Chief Financial Officer, Curt Calaway, will provide prepared remarks, followed by Q&A. Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart, Group President, Beef, Pork, and Chief Supply Chain Officer; Kyle Narron, Group President, Prepared Foods; Wes Morris, Group President, Poultry; Devin Cole, President, International and Global McDonald's; and Melanie Boulden, Chief Growth Officer. We have also prepared a supplemental presentation, which may be referenced on today's call and is available on Tyson's Investor Relations website and via the link in our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on Slide 2, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean. Fiscal 2025 is off to a solid start. The strong results in the first quarter increased our confidence in the year ahead, enabling us to raise our full year guidance. Our results this quarter were driven by another robust performance in Chicken, highlighted by the best first quarter adjusted operating income for the segment. We delivered better than expected results in beef and significant improvement in profitability in international and other, while prepared foods continue to generate solid profits and margins. Our first quarter performance sets the tone for what we anticipate will be another year of growth for Tyson. This marks our third consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases across key metrics, including sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share. First quarter adjusted operating income increased by $248 million, a remarkable 60%, while our adjusted operating income margin expanded by 170 basis points versus last year. Adjusted earnings per share grew by an impressive 65%. We ended the quarter with our net leverage ratio at 2.3 times, a notable and deliberate accomplishment from 4.1 times at the end of 2023. In total, our first quarter delivered the best quarterly performance in more than two years, while we have managed through ongoing challenges posed by the current cattle cycle. Protein remains at the forefront of consumer preferences based on both per-capita consumption data and consumer surveys. While the consumer backdrop remains dynamic, one thing is clear to us. Consumers remain focused on prioritizing protein in their diets, recognizing its nutritional benefits and its role in supporting a healthy lifestyle. A recent study by International Food Information Council revealed that 71% of U.S. consumers in 2024 thought to increase their protein consumption, this is up from 59% in 2022. Our diversified multi-protein portfolio delivered results, with chicken helping to offset the ongoing challenges in beef. Through disciplined execution and improved operational performance, we have demonstrated the power of sticking to the fundamentals, fortifying our foundation, and controlling what we can. Turning to cash flow and financial strength. Our first quarter stood out once again. Our disciplined approach to capital expenditures and working capital management has enabled robust cash flow, which we are deploying prudently through investment in the business and dividends. When combined with improving profitability, we sequentially lowered our net leverage ratio and took another step towards our long-term target of less than 2 times. This strategy ensures we are building financial strength and reinforces our commitment to shareholders. Now let's take a closer look at segment performance. Prepared Foods is on track for fiscal 2025. We have built our full year improvement plan almost entirely by controlling what we can, such as optimizing our operations, expanding distribution, and launching winning innovation. Operationally, we made tremendous progress on our initiatives in the first quarter by outperforming our planned throughput and yield improvements, reducing the impact of distressed inventory, and lowering overhead costs. We grew share quarter-over-quarter in our core nine categories, driven by bacon, snacking, and smoked sausage. Growth from innovation continues to drive momentum as well. While the timing of input cost inflation put pressure on margins in the quarter, our market performance, coupled with our improved operational execution gives us confidence going forward. Our outlook for the year is unchanged. In Chicken, we achieved the best adjusted operating income of any quarter over the past eight years. Year-over-year growth in adjusted operating income was driven in part by ongoing improvements in live and plant operations along with lower grain costs. One core component of our strong performance has been the evolution of our commercial relationships to build long-term win-win partnerships, allowing us to jointly grow the category and improve order fill rates for the second consecutive year, all while stabilizing our earnings. Our customer and consumer obsession will continue to be a cornerstone of our success as we work to exceed their expectations. We have also returned to volume growth in this segment. Importantly, we grew volumes in food service where momentum continues to build. We feel good about our leading position in the marketplace and our ability to meet customer and consumer demand. With a healthy start to the year, we are raising our full year adjusted operating income outlook. In Beef, first quarter results were better than expected. We continue to align all aspects of our operations from procurement to distribution with customer and consumer demand while managing spend, enhancing yield, and shifting our mix to more value-added products. Challenges from limited cattle supply remain, which along with typical seasonality are expected to impact the second quarter and the year. Therefore, our expectations for fiscal 2025 are unchanged for this segment. In Pork, performance was in line with our expectations. Higher haul costs led to compressed spreads versus last year. However, our operational improvements around yield, mix, and spend continued to deliver results. As we continue through fiscal 2025, our priorities remain clear. First, we will continue our focus on cash flow and operational execution. This includes driving innovation and strengthening customer partnerships across all segments while enhancing product mix, reducing inefficiencies, and expanding our market presence. Operational excellence is at the core of our strategy. We are scaling the enterprise, driving cost savings, and addressing inefficiencies boldly to deliver exceptional performance. And we will continue to deliver on taking more cost out in 2025 as the year progresses. Our iconic brands like Tyson, Jimmy Dean, and Hillshire Farm continued to resonate with consumers, even amidst high inflation and softer category consumption. In fact, nearly 75% of U.S. households purchased a Tyson product in the past year, and we see significant opportunities to grow our presence in underpenetrated segments as consumers seek to add more protein to their diets. Digital transformation is another key enabler. We continuously work to improve how consumers and customers discover our products by leveraging the power of generative AI. As an example, in our foodservice channel, we implemented a more intuitive browsing and search experience that delivers highly relevant content. This enhancement goes beyond influencing purchases. It offers Tyson Foods and valuable insight into the evolving needs of our customers. Capital allocation remains disciplined with a focus on sustaining free cash flow through prudent management of CapEx and working capital. Finally, our team members are our greatest asset. By fostering development and encouraging growth across the organization, we ensure that the right talent and skills are in place now and for the future. Before handing things over to Curt, let me say that we are confident in our fiscal 2025 outlook and our long-term strategy, powered by the strength of our diversified multi-protein portfolio and iconic brands. Our first quarter is another indication of strong execution, as we commit to controlling what is within our control as we seek to drive profitable growth over time. We continue to push ourselves to do more and to leave no stone unturned as we strive to be best-in-class operators. Through innovation, marketing, and operational excellence, we are well positioned to generate shareholder value and continue our legacy as the leader in protein and a world class food company. With that, I will turn the call over to Curt to review our financials in more detail.
Curt Calaway: Thanks, Donnie. First quarter total enterprise net sales grew 2% year-over-year, driven by growth in Beef, Pork, and Chicken. Our adjusted operating income increased 60% year-over-year and adjusted earnings per share grew 65%. It is important to highlight that both adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share reached their highest levels in the past nine quarters, underscoring our team's ability to execute with discipline and deliver results in a dynamic environment. Looking at segment performance. In Prepared Foods, volume in our food away from home channels was relatively flat versus last year. We, like, others in the industry, continue to navigate a dynamic consumer environment, which primarily impacted our retail volumes and drove the decline in sales. Adjusted operating income decreased primarily due to higher raw material costs, particularly the sharp rise in belly (ph) and sal prices in the quarter. We anticipate recovering some of these increases through price pass through. As Donnie mentioned, we made progress on operational improvement initiatives and we continue to repurpose inefficient marketing and promotion support costs, while lapping the impact of start-up costs last year. Chicken also continues to be a bright spot in our portfolio with sales increasing due to higher volumes in the foodservice channel where our value-added products are gaining traction. Adjusted operating income almost doubled year-over-year, making this a record first quarter performance and the best quarterly performance in the last eight years. This was driven by lower input costs, continued strong execution in live operations, and improved plant performance. In Beef, revenue increased primarily from higher volume, highlighting increased carcass weights and higher head throughput. Adjusted operating income improved due to an increase in our value added mix and an inventory valuation adjustment impacting first quarter last year. Meanwhile, in Pork, revenue grew driven by a higher cutout, though adjusted operating income declined due to compressed spreads, partially offset by ongoing operational improvements. International and other delivered record quarterly adjusted operating income, supported by strong results in Asia, along with favorable raw material costs. Turning to our financial position. Our disciplined capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. We are focused on maintaining financial strength, investing in business growth, and returning cash to shareholders. In the first quarter, we generated $1 billion in operating cash flows. Capital spending remained disciplined and in-line with expectations at $271 million, leading to free cash flow of $760 million. We returned $175 million to shareholders through dividends, which our Board increased to a quarterly rate of $0.50 per Class-A share, reinforcing our commitment to shareholder returns. Our net leverage declined to 2.3 times, our fifth consecutive quarter of improvement, and we continued our focus on disciplined cash management. We ended the quarter with $4.5 billion in liquidity. Given the cash generation of our business, in January, we paid off the $750 million term loan that was due in 2026 as we prioritize financial strength, our investment grade credit rating, and long-term shareholder value creation. Now let's take a moment to review our updated outlook for fiscal '25. Looking ahead, we remain confident in achieving improved financial performance compared to fiscal '24. We are raising our sales guidance and now expect to be between flat to up 1%, driven primarily by volume, highlighting healthy demand for protein. Total company adjusted operating income is now raised to be between $1.9 billion to $2.3 billion, building on our strong performance in the first quarter. We anticipate interest expense of approximately $375 million and a tax rate of around 25%, while maintaining tight CapEx controls between $1 billion and $1.2 billion. As for free cash flow, we expect typical seasonality in the second quarter and we have updated our full year free cash flow expectations to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.6 billion. Now to provide more color on our segments. We are maintaining Prepared Foods adjusted operating income guidance at $900 million to $1.1 billion, driven by efficiency gains. Unlike typical seasonality, we expect a more balanced first and second half with the first quarter being the lowest quarter of the year due to timing related factors and the ramp-up of operational improvements. As a reminder, our forecast assumes double-digit growth at the mid-point, enabled by internal initiatives without factoring in or assuming significant changes in consumer behavior. In Chicken, given the strong first quarter performance, we are raising adjusted operating income guidance to $1 billion to $1.3 billion as we sustain operational improvements while reinvesting in our value-added portfolio and marketing. Our Beef guidance remains unchanged with an expected loss of $400 million to $200 million, balancing operational improvements against tighter spreads throughout the remainder of the year. Our Pork guidance also remains unchanged at $100 million to $200 million with ongoing operational improvements offset by tighter spreads. Finally, our international business continues to show momentum in profitability. Following approximately $50 million of adjusted operating income last year, we expect international and other to be between $50 million and $100 million this year. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Curt. I'd like to thank our 138,000 team members across the globe for their hard work and dedication, which drives our success. I'd also like to thank our customers and suppliers for their partnership. By operating as one team, one Tyson, we're off to a great start in fiscal 2025 and have optimism for the year, highlighted by our guidance raise. With increasing consumer focus on protein, combined with our market leadership, strong brand portfolio and operational discipline, we are positioned well for the future. As always, we remain committed to financial strength, shareholder returns and operational excellence as we execute our strategy. With that, I'll turn things over to Sean as we move to your questions.
Sean Cornett: Thanks, Donnie. We will now move to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter.
Donnie King: Thank you, Heather.
Heather Jones: You're welcome. First thing I was wondering, it was a strong quarter. And I was just wondering, if you could just outline the things that you're wanting investors to most take away from the call today? And then I have a follow up.
Donnie King: Sure, and thank you for the question. We're pleased with our Q1 results. We continue to see the benefits of our multi-protein multichannel portfolio. Q1 was the best quarterly performance in more than two years and the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases in sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share. Our strategy of fortifying the foundation and growing our branded and value-added business is clearly working. In terms of the enterprise priorities for the balance of the year, we will continue to shift our mix to branded and value-added, and increase household penetration. Protein is part of every healthy diet and consumers are increasing consumption. In fact, 71% of consumers are seeking to increase their protein consumption. We will continue to improve return on invested capital, creating shareholder value, and we will continue to execute with excellence in everything that we do. In terms of the individual segments, chicken. Chicken had the best Q1 adjusted operating income performance ever, and the strongest quarter in eight years. We are winning with customers and consumers and we've returned to volume growth, particularly in Foodservice. In the Beef segment, we had better than expected results. Our view on the year remains unchanged. We are focused on operating efficiently from procurement to distribution while shifting our mix to more value-added. In Pork, Pork was in line with expectations, enhancing plant efficiency and fortifying the foundation, while shifting their mix to more value-added. In Prepared Foods, we're on track for the year despite Q1 timing related commodity impacts, we expect counter seasonal performance due to planned phasing. In International, we had the best ever adjusted operating income, supported by strong results in Asia. So five key takeaways for you in terms of 2025. Number one, we are growing profitably, both Chicken and Prepared Foods in FY25 adjusted operating income growth at double-digit rates at midpoint. Number two, we have reduced gross and net debt while driving net leverage from 4.1 times to 2.3 times over the last five quarters. Number three, we built $4.5 billion of liquidity, enabling another $750 million debt reduction in January. And we're doing all this while managing an unprecedented beef cycle. And five, finally, we are focused on controlling the controllables and we're also adapting with agility to manage the impacts of tariffs, immigration, and market dynamics. We considered these impacts as we raised our guidance by $100 million to a range of $1.9 billion to $2.3 billion. And for your follow-up, Heather.
Heather Jones: Thank you for that. And I actually did want to ask on tariffs. So the industry has come out -- no specifics to come out of Mexico yet, but there's been reports that they're going put tariffs on U.S. pork, and then obviously the imports -- tariffs in the U.S., put in place affects the cost of hogs and cattle. But we -- I mean, we send roughly 10% of every hog to Mexico. So just -- if you could just go through your operations and how you're thinking about how this net impact is going to play out for you guys? And I think you did say that your guidance gives effect to this. But if you could just flush that out of how you're thinking about the net impact on Tyson?
Donnie King: Sure, Heather. Let me start-off and there may be someone else in the room that would want to add something. But I did mention, we considered these risks when we did our R&Os in our -- in raising the guidance of $100 million. Just how we're approaching this, our teams continuously engage in contingency planning to minimize business disruption from trade or supply chain changes. As we've done in the past, we'll leverage our global expertise to identify the best markets for our products, amid evolving conditions. And we've been doing this for 90 years and been navigating various administrations. We remain confident in our ability to adapt and succeed. We look forward to working with the new administration in Congress to support the U.S. economy and we'll continue to monitor and respond to new policies accordingly.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you.
Donnie King: Thank you, Heather.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Theurer: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Congrats first of all, and it was a very strong first quarter.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Ben Theurer: So actually my main question would have been the one on tariffs, so pretty appreciative. I think a lot of people had that on mind, so thanks for those commentaries. So as we put those aside and you've obviously flagged as well the challenges in the current capital cycle being unprecedented, and we had obviously an initial update from USDA just a few days ago. And it doesn't feel like there's much hope maybe in those numbers, but just wanted to understand what are your first take -- what is your first take as to the report and what -- how you think the conditions are for heifer retention potentially happening and how that then would impact your beef results lower versus the higher end of that $200 million to $400 million loss for the year?
Donnie King: Sure. Thanks for that question around beef. I think I will flip this over to Brady and let him give you great detail as it relates to our Beef business.
Brady Stewart: Thanks for the question. And I think it's really important to understand that the Beef business has cyclicality in it. And at the top side of these cycles, we see a curve and at the bottom end of these cycles, we see a curve as well. And it really feels like we are at the absolute bottom of the cycle here relative to curve -- relative to that curve. And there's a few leading indicators that I think are really important to continue to evaluate and it's what we add into our model. And first and foremost, pasture conditions are in an improved state versus the last several years. And so that definitely provides an opportunity for us to increase the herd as we move forward. Second, relative to the fact that we have record high live cattle prices and record high live feeder prices. There's profitability to be had by cow cap operators. And so that certainly provides a tailwind as well. The third indicator is, what are we actually seeing from a cow harvest perspective? And we're seeing cow harvest numbers down nearly 19% year-over-year, which provides some solid base in terms of the beef cow herd as we move forward as well. And then the last thing I think that's really important to acknowledge is the pastures that beef cows graze, their best use has been and will continue to be used as pasture for beef cow production. And when you couple all those things, I think it's just really important to understand that we're at a point in time relative to these inventories, but we have several indicators that are providing us some support that we will see rebuild here in the future.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Thanks for that, Brady. And then just a quick follow-up. It's more like as you think about the cadence and I think you mentioned the usual seasonality into 2Q, but you also said maybe first half, second half a little bit more balanced. Could you give a little bit more detail as to the seasonality on the four major segments and the balance between the four major segments as you think about it for the year?
Donnie King: I'm having trouble hearing your question.
Ben Theurer: Shall I try it again? Is it better now?
Donnie King: Yeah.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Sorry. Mic moved a little bit. No. The question is, you said you to expect the typical seasonality into the second fiscal quarter, but more or less a more breakeven kind of first half, second half. So could you help us maybe understand on a per segment basis the four major segments as we think about it, what goes into then 2Q, and how to think about the second half if there's any particularity you would like to highlight, so we're aware of that into 2Q as we update our assumptions?
Curt Calaway: Hey. Thanks, Ben. This is Curt. I'll answer that. So I think the most specific one we provided some guidance on was really Prepared Foods where we said that would be a little counter than normal seasonality where we typically would see stronger performance in the front half versus the back half. But this year, we expect to be more balanced across the year really as some of our plans implement -- we implement some of the plans relative to efficiencies will really tilt that a little unusual more to the back half year. I think if you look at the guidance that we provided and particularly the midpoint of each of the ranges, you can come to your own conclusion relative to specifically how Q2 versus a second half would lay out. But broadly speaking generally, chicken is strongest in Q1 and Q3 across our chicken and beef segments and pork, we would expect a more normally kind of a little bit of a seasonal challenge in Q2 just as we manage through weather.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for that, Curt.
Curt Calaway: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik from BMO. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I had two. And the first one is digging in a little more on what you were saying on the prepared kind of layout for the rest of the year. And I think input costs will continue to be a headwind or maybe even more of a headwind as you go forward. And so, I'm just kind of curious, if you could dig in a little bit more on the pieces or the levers to deliver the guidance that you talked about in terms of pricing and the elasticity that you've been seeing or would anticipate to see? And any color that you can give on kind of the flow of productivity through the year to offset some of those headwinds?
Donnie King: Sure. Good morning, Andrew, and thanks for the question. Yeah. I'd just remind you in Prepared Foods though we continue to grow distribution in our prepared business. We have the largest innovation pipeline we've ever had at Tyson in Prepared Foods and we continue to optimize our operations. So with that Q1 was -- we saw a rapid increase in inputs and certainly had an impact and I talked about that a little earlier, but let me pass it over to Kyle Narron and he can give you a little greater detail as it relates to the balance of the year.
Kyle Narron: Yeah. Thanks, Donnie, and thanks, Andrew for the question. As Donnie mentioned, we built our full year improvement plan on controlling the controllables surrounding growing distribution, launching winning innovation and optimizing our operations. And I would tell you that in Q1, we made tremendous progress in all of those areas. We grew distribution or share 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter in our key categories. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our Jimmy Dean Bacon, and Hillshire snacking items as both remain two of the fastest growing brands in their categories. And we had another great season with consumers on our Jimmy Dean roll sausage, where we continue to realize share growth as the category leader. Our second initiative was launching, winning innovation, and I would tell you, we're doing just that. Jimmy Dean Griddle Cakes has surpassed $100 million in the last 52 weeks, which is the first of any launch we've had in the last six years. And our chicken biscuit is growing distribution and actually has higher trial and repeat purchase rates than Griddle Cakes did six months through its launch. We're also excited about the pipeline of additional items that we'll be launching in the back half of the year. And then the third initiative around optimizing our operations, I would tell you we're off to a great start with those initiatives. We remain focused on operating with discipline and establishing standardized processes that allow us to be world class operators. So although, we had simply some timing of input cost inflation in the first quarter that put pressure on margins, demand for protein remains strong and we are controlling the controllables. What we're doing is working and I'm confident in our ability to deliver within the guidance range of the balance of the year.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. And my other question was on the chicken business and the chicken outlook, and it was great to see raising the top end of the guidance range there and on the back of the strong quarter that you put up. But I was a little surprised that you didn't -- that you left the bottom end of the range unchanged. And so I guess, can you just kind of walk through some of the factors that kept you from lifting the lower end of the range or maybe some of the risks that you see that would drive your scenarios that would drive you to the lower end of the chicken guidance range? Thanks.
Donnie King: Sure, Andrew. As I mentioned earlier, I'm very proud of what we've been able to do in our chicken business. I also pointed out that when we did -- built our plan, we considered all the R&Os that you do as it relates to tariffs, market dynamics, and as well as immigration. We've built that into our model. But we did raise guidance in our chicken business on the top side. And so, let me flip that over to Wes, and I know he's been here. He's ready to respond to something. So, Wes?
Wes Morris: Yeah. Good morning, Andrew. Thanks for the question. Let me start by saying I feel really good about the mid-point of the range. Q1 was on plan. We see solid demand going forward. We're well balanced supply and demand and the industry looks more well balanced than it did earlier in the year. So a strong fundamentals, strong customer service and a strong consumer reach program for the balance of the year. It would take a major extraneous event for us to be on the low end, whether it be major weather or bird health issues.
Andrew Strelzik: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to follow-up on Andrew's questions around Prepared Foods. And Kyle, just having been in the seat now for several months, kind of as you take a look at the division with fresh eyes and obviously, some of the optimization plans, I mean, are you satisfied with kind of the state of the current portfolio, whether that's legacy brands or legacy categories that you may be in that maybe need reevaluation? Just trying to understand really what the optimization kind of might look like over the next 12 months and whether there's some reshape activity that needs to happen in there? Again, just as we kind of consider the margin profile in the business, while it's on the right trajectory, it's still trailing the peers pretty meaningfully. So would appreciate kind of more detail there.
Kyle Narron: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Peter. Yeah. Let me just start by saying, I'm very pleased with our iconic brand and product portfolio. Having three of the top 10 brands in protein and having category leadership in eight of the 10 categories we play in is, what I would call a world class portfolio. The reason I would remain confident for the balance of the year is because of some of the new distribution gains we have in retail that will begin to materialize in the back half of the year. Our performance in foodservice continues to outpace the industry and we continue to see growth in broadline distribution and commercial chains. And as I mentioned previously, we continue to see the benefit of our robust innovation pipeline and we expect to continue to build on the remarkable success of our Jimmy Dean Griddle Cake and Chicken Biscuit. So yes, as mentioned before, we did see some margin pressure in Q1 due to the input costs. But as stated, we're controlling the controllables. We're executing the plan that we've laid out as part of our multiyear strategy. We'll continue to focus on growing quality share with consumers and customers. We'll continue to launch world class innovation and we'll be world class operators in our assets.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks for that. And Donnie, I think probably the market this morning is looking for a bit more detail as it relates to tariffs. I know Heather asked the question, but anything more you can provide, just how you see the moving pieces and there are quite a bit of them by protein across beef, pork and chicken, even if it's at a high level, and it's encouraging to hear you're going to work with the administration, but just how you see the trade dynamics kind of unfolding even if it's in the very near-term? Thanks.
Donnie King: Sure. I will take another shot at that. And in terms of Mexico, the product that we have going in there, the concern, and what we've been contingency planning on is pork. We also have a chicken -- really a couple parts of chicken. We have mechanically separated chicken. We have chicken leg quarters going into Mexico. Mexico is a large trading partner for us. So essentially what we would do, whether it be pork or whether it would be chicken is, we would find other markets, we would leverage our global knowledge and expertise to try to move those products if necessary. But we saw the information over the weekend. There's still some details to be worked out in that from what I have seen. But what I would tell you as it relates to Mexico and you could say, the same about Canada. In Canada, you have some -- we have some chicken products, but it's very small going into Canada. It's predominantly heavy file going into Canada. We have some feeder cattle and some hogs coming into the U.S. out of Canada. So, depending on what happens there, we would adjust accordingly. But we've been preparing for this, making adjustments. We now have to execute some of those things and -- but we think we have risk adjusted in our guidance the implications of all of those. But I think I would leave it there and Brady, anything you would add to it from -- or Wes, from a chicken or pork perspective?
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Donnie, I think you really covered the situation well. So very, very early in this process. We've seen tariff instances in the past and they can be very dynamic is the two trade entities continue to work together. I think the real call out relative to pork and that's one of the big question marks that sits out in front of us is the fact that we really operate as a supply chain. And when we have pork producers, pork packers, and then our trade partners that are in Mexico as well, it really operates as a true global supply chain and where that value gets pushed back and forth within the supply chain is certainly something that we will keep an eye on.
Wes Morris: Yeah, Peter. This is Wes. On poultry, I would say, look we shipped over 3 billion pounds in our Q1 and less than 80 million pounds of that went to Mexico. And then as Donnie said, Canada is predominantly heavy hands. But if you think about a global level supply and demand dynamic, what you're really talking about is a disruption of who is selling and who's buying and when.
Peter Galbo: Awesome. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Thomas Palmer from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas Palmer: Hey. Thanks for the questions, guys. I wanted to first ask, in the 10-Q, there's reference to a network optimization plan that began during the fiscal first quarter. Just any detail on the changes that might accompany this plan and which segments will be impacted? And then, is there a targeted cost savings figure associated with this program?
Curt Calaway: Hey. Thanks, Tom. This is Curt. So yeah, we did disclose in the quarter the new network optimization plan and we provided some more details in the Q as you did point out. And the charges we took for Q1 were really just actions that we have already discussed or talked about that occurred earlier this quarter. But really more importantly, right, we -- as Donnie has said multiple times, continue to review our network with an absolute desire to continually improve on that network optimization across all segments. And that's what you should expect in that network optimization plan. There is not a specific target that we have, but really just as we continue to evaluate the network and moves necessary to be as optimal as we can around the entire product, but moving our products around in production and where they get distributed to.
Thomas Palmer: Yeah. Thanks for that. And then on the Beef segment, look, industry data might have suggested something a bit weaker than what you ultimately reported. You noted the higher weights, but also the increased value add sales. Could you maybe give some added detail on the value add piece? What products comprise value add and is there a specific channel to highlight where you're really seeing strength?
Brady Stewart: Yeah. Thank you for the question. And first and foremost, I want to thank our team for brilliant execution in the first quarter. So we laid a plan out to ensure we have continuous improvement and control what we could control within this beef cycle and the team did a great job of delivering that in the quarter. You mentioned volume and certainly, we're seeing heavier cattle weights relative to the fact that we have a less expensive input cost and really high live cattle values as well. So, it's really promoting that feeder to continue to put weights on. But when we actually talk about what we control, our team did a fantastic job of taking the type and kind and mix and grade of cattle that we are procuring and making sure we translate that into greater value in the quarter. And you can really see it come through relative to our numbers and how we delivered. From a demand perspective, demand has been strong. And where we've seen abnormally strong demand has been on the end cuts and in the grinds. And continuing to provide value-added solutions for our customers and the consumers that tailor to that demand driven impact is extremely important to us and specifically in the grind complex as well. And so we've seen really good demand on lean beef grinds. We've seen really good demand on patties and other value added products we come out of our grind stream as well.
Thomas Palmer: Thank you.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Donnie King: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to unpack chicken margins a little bit more. They're the strongest in about eight years or so. And you touched on the feed costs being favorable, but you also mentioned plant performance and execution. Can you just maybe elaborate a little bit on some of what that is and how sustainable we should expect that to be as well.
Wes Morris: Yeah. Good morning, Michael. This is Wes. So let me start by saying thank you to the team that I'm pleased with our Q1 performance. We're focused on the right work. Foundationally, we're a good chicken company and we continue to look for ways to get better. But I think the genesis of your question is really in this next part and it's around winning with customers and consumers. And so, we had the best order fill that we've had in eight years at over 98%. Both protein and convenience continues to win with consumers and we're the market share leaders there. Our value added growth rate is 2 times our total. We have the number one share in retail and foodservice and both are growing. And one of the biggest unlocks is shifting our mix to align with consumer demand. And so over the last year, through a lot of different moves, we've accomplished that. And then aligning with strategic customers to create win-win solutions. And then the one I'm really excited about creating tailwinds is our Q1 relaunch of our retail fully cooked is progressing well. So I would say it this way, we fortified our foundation. We're winning with customers and we're meeting consumer demand at a different level than we have in a long, long time.
Michael Lavery: And just a follow-up on the order fill rates. Is there -- how a process that's changed or while something kind of structural? And could that translate to any other segments in terms of improving fill rates more broadly?
Wes Morris: Yeah, Michael. That's a really good question. Last year I referenced this as in one of our three strategic pillars, really doing a good job at our supply and operations planning. And so our demand planning has gotten much better. Our forecast accuracy has improved. Our scheduling and execution at the plants have reduced waste and put products in the right place at the right time and so that's really driving a lot of value.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: So I think most of the specific meat questions have been answered. Can I ask two things? First of all, on labor, are you seeing any impact of the broader deportation activity that's recently begun on worker attendance or worker availability, your ability to recruit if that labor market is tightening up? Any impact that you're anticipating on that front? And then I have a follow-up.
Donnie King: Thank you for the question, Alexia. Let me take that one and start out by saying that everyone that works at Tyson Foods is legally authorized to do so. We're confident that we'll be able to continue to successfully run our business. Maybe to remind everyone that there are different statuses for immigrants. For example, you have DACA, refugees, parolees, and temporary protective status, and we're in complete compliance on every one of those. There have been no immigration or ICE visits to any of our facilities. We led the way as a company with e-Verify and the mutual agreement between government employers, the image program. We provide a competitive compensation benefit package to attract and retain frontline talent. We've also done scenario planning depending on different potential changes coming from the new administration. And even today, we're tracking absenteeism across all plants and to date have not seen any changes in attendance. And so I think I'll leave it at that.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, could I just dig into the free cash flow coming down a little bit from last year? What was the driver of that? Because on the CapEx side, we're seeing an uptick. And I guess on the CapEx side specifically, I know you pulled that back quite a bit over the last couple of years because leverage was trying to be brought down. Are there projects on the capital side that need to come back? Should we expect an increase in CapEx over time? Thank you, and I'll pass it on.
Curt Calaway: Thanks. This is Curt. Let me start on the free cash flow question really. On the change versus prior year, you are correct, right? We were about $946 million first quarter last year, $760 million this year. But I will hurry on to comment that we did update our guidance on overall free cash flow for the year to be a range of between $1 billion to $1.6 billion. Really the delta almost exclusively for this quarter versus a year ago was a change in working capital. We had some timing effects that were more favorable to us last year, less so in this particular quarter for this year. But hurry on to make reference to still a very supportive free cash flow overall with a guidance range of $1 billion to $1.6 billion. With respect to your CapEx, certainly, it's been a very focused effort for us to land a CapEx range that's right for us. And certainly, the last -- the couple of years in '22 and '23, right, we were fairly high at about $1.9 billion in each of those two years. But the longer-term average for us is really more in that 1 to 1, 2 range. And remember that those years high in '22 and '23 were really driven by double-digit number of new facilities that we put on during that time that definitely inflated it. But I would applaud the team. We have taken a very disciplined approach in capital, not only for the projects you're seeing roll through now but as we're planning over the next three years to ensure that we're getting the return that we expect with that capital level of deployment that we have. And even at that, even at the rate that we pulled it back, we are still trending in excess of a normal depreciation level.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pooran Sharma from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Thanks for the question and congratulations on the exceptional quarter.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Pooran Sharma: Just wanted to start out. I know everybody -- a lot -- everybody here has kind of asked about chicken already, but wanted to dive into it a little bit further. You've done a lot of work. You said there's more left on the table. I think on the last call, you mentioned there was about $500 million to $700 million of self-help opportunity. And on this call, you mentioned there's cost to take out for just fiscal '25. Just wondering if you have an update to this number or just kind of help us think about how much opportunity is left within chicken?
Wes Morris: Yeah. Good morning. This is Wes. Yes. We continue to deliver lower controllable cost and continuous improvement is part of what we do every day. I'd ask you to think about the Fortified foundation and the operational improvements. It's really how you invest in insights, innovation, and message consumers. So it's the -- be the low cost producer and drive revenue at the same time. And so I'd say it this way, we're well positioned to offset the increased consumer spend in 2025 through operational efficiencies. The full-year outlook looks neutral on markets, and so you can calculate the differential as operational improvement.
Pooran Sharma: Great. No. I appreciate that insight. I guess my follow up, I wanted to ask about pork. The USDA is projecting higher hog supplies, particularly in the back half of the year. And given the results that you kind of just posted with the cadence of higher hog supplies in the back half of the year, do you think you could see some material improvement in pork margins, particularly in the back half of the year when you do see higher hog supplies?
Brady Stewart: Yeah. Thanks for the question. And I think it's really important, first and foremost, before we get into the macroeconomic environment we're operating in on the pork side is to commend the team on really, really solid performance relative to our operational improvements. We have significant efficiency gains year-over-year that the team has realized, extremely proud of the world-class team that we have here in Springdale operating our pork business as well. And we've seen improvements really across the board from a plant operations perspective in terms of cost to operate, from a margin improvement in terms of converting and converting margins, a really, really solid performance as well. So we feel really comfortable with our team. We feel comfortable with our plan as we move forward as well. From a macro standpoint, I think it's important to point out a few things. Number one is versus the last several years, we have lower input costs, and that's really providing an opportunity following the liquidation cycle that we saw in 2023 and part of 2024 from a sal perspective to provide stability to the producers to have appropriate margins as we move forward as well. So I think that really provides the tailwind wins are the foundation for potential expansion or at least stability within the numbers we have as well. In terms of actual margins, we'll continue to monitor that. But as we all know, we've got a good supply situation in front of us, really good disease impacts. So loaded disease impacts in the industry that certainly helps provide that incremental supply that you mentioned.
Pooran Sharma: Great. I appreciate the color and congrats again on the quarter.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Brady Stewart: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Manav Gupta from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for squeezing me in. Your leverage continues to drop. It was 2.6 last quarter. It's now 2.3. By all estimates, it should be below the target by the end of the first half. So just trying to understand where we go from here. Sometimes companies then revise the leverage target lower, sometimes they continue to operate a lower number. And in some cases, companies come back and say going ahead as we have hit our leverage target, excess cash goes to shareholders. So I'm just trying to understand how the management is thinking about that.
Curt Calaway: Yeah. Thanks. Certainly, I appreciate taking note of the improvement we made in leverage from 4.1 times down to 2.3 times across the last five quarters. And I'll reiterate from the earlier comments, right, that was really driven by operational excellence, the commercial execution, focus on working capital, focus on our CapEx, tight controls and getting returns, as I said to an earlier question. But our financial capital priorities really do remain unchanged around maintaining financial strength, investing back across our business, and returning cash to shareholders. And as Donnie pointed out earlier this morning in January, so that was a subsequent event to this quarter. We did pay off $750 million term loan. It was a term loan that was due in May of '26 that will further reduce our gross debt and reduce cash, but obviously, that would be net debt or net leverage neutral. You did make comment to our long-range target of at or below 2 times. So while we're very pleased with the journey from 4.1 to 2.3 times across the last five quarters, we do still have a little bit ways to go. But we -- it is not unusual for us to also maintain leverage below that target. But our financial capital priorities will remain the same around maintaining that strength. Taking opportunities to invest in our business as we see them either for growth or profit improvement. And then lastly, returning cash to shareholders. I would just add, as I finish, we did announce on the November call and paid recently our dividend increase. So that makes 13 consecutive years of a dividend increase.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: Thank you. And so I have an announcement to make this morning and as you remember, a little over two years ago, I asked Wes Morris to come out of retirement and get our Poultry business back on track and develop a strong succession plan. At the time, I asked Wes for three years and we're now in the final year of the three-year commitment. So over the balance of the year, Wes will be transitioning out of the company and back to his ranch with his wife, Carrie. They're a happy place. I think Wes has clearly gotten our business back on track and developed a great team and I am forever indebted to Wes and thank him for his leadership and his friendship. In the coming weeks, I'll announce the new President of Poultry, and we will have a seamless transition over the balance of the year. So thank you, Wes, for your time. Thank you for your talents and thank, Carrie for allowing her to let us have you for the three years. So with that, thank you for your time today and interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to updating you on progress in the next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-11-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Sean Cornett. Please go ahead.
Sean Cornett: Good morning and welcome to Tyson Foods fiscal fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On today's call, Tyson's President and Chief Executive Officer Donnie King; and Chief Financial Officer, Curt Calaway will provide some prepared remarks followed by Q&A. Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart, Group President Beef Fork and Chief Supply Chain Officer; Kyle Narron, Group President Prepared Food; Wes Morris, Group President Poultry; Devin Cole, President International and Golden McDonald's; and Melanie Boulden, Chief Growth Officer. We've also provided a supplemental presentation which may be referenced on today's call and is available on Tyson's Investor Relations website and via the link in our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical period. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimers on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Donnie
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean, and thank you to everyone for joining us. This morning, we reported our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 results. Performance in Q4 was strong. In fact, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share were both the best results in the past eight quarters, and both more than doubled compared to Q4 last year. The momentum we've built led to significant improvement in full-year profitability in 2024. For the year, AOI of more than $1.8 billion, nearly doubled versus fiscal 2023, while adjusted EPS of $3.10 increased more than 130%. We're clearly pleased with our performance this year, where a significant turnaround in chicken combined with strong results in prepared food and improvements in pork offset well-known challenges in beef. Our disciplined capital allocation drove strong cash performance in 2024 as well. Free cash flow increased by more than $1.6 billion versus last year and came in at more than twice the dividend this year. This result was driven by increased AOI and prudent CapEx management, while still investing for profitable growth. Overall, our financial health strengthened significantly from where we ended fiscal 2023. Each of our team members across the organization contributed to this strong performance in 2024. I'm very thankful for the hard work they do every day to make us a world-class food company and recognized leader in protein. I want to point out that beyond the results in fiscal 2024, we're providing guidance for fiscal 2025, which builds on our momentum. At the midpoint, AOI is growing and our financial strength is improving. It's important to note that our guidance at midpoint for prepared food and chicken reflects AOI expectations of more than $2 billion combined. Our outlook for next year highlights the benefits of our multi-protein, multi-channel portfolio. Our strategy remains the same and reflects the continued focus on our business fundamentals. Our priority on controlling the controllables has clearly delivered positive benefits in fiscal 2024 and we expect that to continue in 2025. I want to emphasize that I remain optimistic about our future and I am highly confident in our ability to drive long-term value for shareholders. Let's move to segment highlights, starting with prepared food, which has been a solid and stable driver of profitability. AOI results for the quarter and the year came in just as we expected, with the midpoint of our segment guidance remaining constant all year. FY '24 AOI grew 2% year-over-year and was the best performance since fiscal year '18, overcoming headwinds of startup costs at our new Bowling Green plant in a challenging consumer environment. Overall volume grew nearly 1% as we continue to broaden our customer base and expand our presence in broad line distribution categories. Moving to chicken, AOI results came in above the high end of our most recent guidance range. While we benefited from lower grain costs, our focus on the fundamentals of live operations, where hatch and livability again improved year-over-year in Q4, and plant efficiencies also contributed to the strong results for the quarter and the year. It's clear that we've built a fundamentally stronger chicken business as evidenced by the significant turnaround in AOI from fiscal '23 to '24, which was our best full-year AOI performance in the past seven years. While results in beef were better than anticipated for Q4, we continue to see compressed spreads versus last year, driving the decline of profitability for both the quarter and full year. Obviously, the current cattle cycle remains challenging as there are no clear signs of sustained herd rebuilding intentions. We will remain focused on the things we can control as we've managed through it. Turning to pork, improved spreads highlighting herd health and solid demand drove a $270 million year-over-year increase in AOI for fiscal '24. As I mentioned, our focus on controlling the controllables has produced solid results for fiscal 2024, and we expect this to continue. We have five strategic enablers that drive our priorities for 2025 and beyond. This is our roadmap for success, and we're building on this foundation. Let's look at our enterprise priorities for 2025. Operational excellence never gets old or goes out of style. For us, a key element of operational excellence is gaining enterprise scale and unlocking savings in our controllables by modernizing our operations and driving performance to standards. You've seen the benefits of this in our results for 2024, and we've embedded this approach in our guidance for 2025 across the business with a noticeable impact in prepared foods. As we are in service to our customers and consumers, we are building on our iconic brands to value up our core proteins. We have three of the top 10 brands in protein behind Tyson, Jimmy Dean, and Hillshire Farm. While our brands are healthy, we have opportunities to expand our household penetration by better serving consumers with innovation for new meal locations, categories, and channels. One of the ways we will achieve our strategic goals is by investing in our digital capabilities, utilizing big data, predictive analytics, and artificial intelligence for better decision-making and outcomes. Our data and digital delivery priority enables improved yield and mix across many of our operations and is important as we modernize customer engagement and drive consumer insights. We are accelerating digitalization in our end-to-end demand and supply planning, becoming platform-driven with an exception management strategy that optimizes working capital. Capital allocation is an important strategic priority that unlocks fuel for the enterprise. As Curt will elaborate on shortly, we made tremendous strides in our cash management in '24, and we plan to be just as disciplined in '25 with a continued focus on managing CapEx and working capital to drive free cash flow. Importantly, we're focused on team member development as the foundation of our planned delivery and to build on our strong history of our winning culture. With these strategic priorities outlined, let's move to our segment priorities for the next year, starting with prepared foods. There is significant opportunity to drive profitability in prepared foods by operating with an increased level of discipline, increasing throughput and yield by performing to standards, eliminating waste, reducing complexity, and continuing to improve service levels. Our focus on data analytics drives insight into consumer preferences, as well as disciplined investment to support and grow our core products and drive innovation. As an example, Jimmy Dean is one of our strongest brands, but there is still room to expand its appeal and market opportunities in adjacent morning eating occasions. To capture trends towards spicier foods and convenience, we recently launched Spicy Chicken Honey Biscuits, a restaurant-quality breakfast sandwich. We previously mentioned the success of our grill cake platform, which has strong customer adoption and repeat rates. We're leveraging the success of these innovations and further leaning into our other top-performing SKUs to capture opportunities to expand distribution. Moving to chicken, there's no clear demonstration of the benefits of operational excellence than the efficiencies we drove in chicken in fiscal '24. We plan to sustain and improve our live and plant operations and maintain a disciplined S&OP process in 2025. As you've seen, when our live operations are running well and our demand plan is more accurate, we can operate much more efficiently while better servicing our customers and reducing inventory, all in support of generating more stable and predictable results. At the heart of our strategy lies a commitment to long-term partnerships with strategic customers. By fostering these collaborations, we ensure stable demand for our products and create mutually beneficial win-win relationships focused on growing the category with our customers. Next, I want to touch upon how we can build value through investments in our branded and value-added chicken portfolio. Tyson holds the number one brand position in value-added chicken across both retail and food service. Over the past year, we've made significant investments to enhance and expand our portfolio of high-quality, innovative, and convenient products. We're also excited to debut our revitalized packaging, which reflects Tyson's relentless focus on quality and generates consumer excitement. The new packaging rollout in October coincides with the launch of our new Tyson-branded advertising campaign, Always Been Tyson. More broadly, our fully-cooked portfolio is a high-ROI area where we will continue to deploy capital to expand our market presence and maximize returns. For example, we accelerated the ramp-up of our new Danville facility this year and are now exploring our next Danville-scale operation. This approach not only strengthens our financial performance, but also solidifies our competitive positioning in the industry. As you know, our beef business is challenged by the dynamics of the current cattle cycle. Our focus for FY'25 and beyond is to build a best-in-class operation so that we are well prepared when the cycle turns as we fully believe it will. At the same time, we continue to align every aspect of our operations from procurement, where we are strengthening our relationship with key suppliers, to production and distribution to meet customer and consumer demand. In addition, we continue to improve our cost structure with tight spend management and increased efficiencies while enhancing yield and mix to add value. We're meeting consumers' demand for convenience with an expanded assortment of pre-seasoned beef available in a variety of new flavors and forms. We are a leader in beef, and we want to be a valued partner for our customers by having the right product at the right time to meet their needs. We made good progress on operational improvement in our pork business in fiscal '24, which allowed us to capture the benefits of a better market condition, and we expect to make incremental progress this year. The network optimization initiative we completed in '24 is expected to drive better capacity utilization and allow us to improve our mix by leveraging the capabilities of our remaining plants. We're also scaling up our use of data to make better decisions on mix and to improve yield. Like beef, our pork team has been expanding our portfolio of seasoned and marinated products to drive increased value-added offerings while strengthening our partnership with key customers. Across the business, our focus on controlling the controllables can drive sustainable cash flow, better operational execution, and improve mix and deliver a solid performance in fiscal 2025. Before I hand things over to Curt to review our financials in more detail, I want to share the positive results from the execution of our strategy, demonstrated by the momentum of our value-added businesses in prepared foods and chicken, while we are also managing through and acknowledging the challenges of the current beef cycle. As our value-added businesses grow and drive a larger portion of our profitability over time, we should expect a more stable earnings profile. Looking at prepared foods in fiscal '24, we delivered AOI growth of over $100 million as compared to the five-year average from fiscal '19 to '23, and its share of overall profitability has increased from a quarter to a half. Additionally, at the midpoint of our fiscal '25 guidance, we're also expecting nearly a $100 million increase in earnings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Curt.
Curt Calaway: Thanks, Donnie. Total company net sales were up 1.6% year-over-year in Q4 and 0.8% for fiscal '24. Beef and chicken were the primary drivers for the quarter, while beef and pork led the sales increase for the full year, partially offset by chicken. Q4 adjusted operating income of $512 million, margin of 3.8%, and adjusted EPS of $0.92 were the strongest quarterly results this year, all more than doubling versus Q4 of '23. And as Donnie mentioned, the best performance in the past eight quarters. Full-year AOI of more than $1.8 billion, nearly doubled, and adjusted EPS of $3.10 grew over 130%. Significant improvement in chicken profitability was the largest driver of year-over-year growth for both the quarter and the full year, with contributions from prepared foods and pork offsetting declines in beef. Now let's review our segment results for Q4. In prepared foods, Q4 revenue declined 1.2% versus last year, driven by lower retail volume. It's worth noting that we continued to make progress in total volume growth outside of retail in both Q4 and fiscal '24. As we expected, AOI in Q4 increased noticeably year-over-year, benefiting from lower raw material costs, operational efficiencies, and reduced MAP spending as we have focused on reducing inefficient support costs. These drivers also contributed to the best full-year AOI performance in the past six years, overcoming startup costs and unfavorable mix. Moving to chicken, sales in the quarter increased 2.3% inclusive of a legal contingency accrual recorded in Q4 last year. While volume declined modestly year-over-year, it grew approximately 1% versus Q4 of fiscal '22, as we continued to better align supply and demand. AOI increased $281 million versus last year to $356 million. Lower input costs, net of pass-through pricing, and improved operational efficiencies and execution drove the growth in AOI. For the year, chicken AOI improved by nearly $1.1 billion, leading to the strongest AOI performance since fiscal '17. In beef, revenue is up 4.6% year-over-year in the quarter, primarily due to volume, driven by higher average carcass weights and higher head throughput. While revenue increased, AOI decreased, primarily reflecting compressed spreads as expected. Moving to pork, Q4 revenue decreased 3.7%, driven by lower pricing on dropped credit items, partially offset by increased volume. AOI increased $27 million year-over-year, benefiting from improved operational execution. For the full year, AOI increased $270 million, highlighting improved spread. Shifting to our financial position, our commitment to disciplined capital allocation remains constant. Our priorities are to maintain financial strength, invest in the business, and return cash to shareholders, all while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. Full-year cash flow from operations increased nearly $840 million, driven by improved profitability and working capital management. Operating cash flows of $2.6 billion was more than double our CapEx, which came in at just over $1.1 billion for the year, reflecting our disciplined capital deployment while continuing to invest for profitable growth. Fiscal '24 free cash flow improved by more than $1.6 billion year-over-year. This increase was driven by roughly equal contributions from higher operating cash flow and lower CapEx. Free cash flow of nearly $1.5 billion was more than 2x our total dividend. As you saw in our earnings release, we raised our dividend for the 13th consecutive year, reflecting confidence in our cash flow generation. We remain committed to the dividend as our primary way of returning cash to shareholders. Additionally, we ended the year with $4 billion of liquidity after repaying our 2024 senior notes in August for $1.25 billion. Net leverage declined again sequentially, ending the fiscal year at 2.6x. This is a full one and a half turns of improvement versus where we exited fiscal '23. We've made good progress, but continue to focus on returning net leverage to our long-term target of at or below 2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Our plan for fiscal '24 was to apply our controlling the controllables approach to improve our financial strength. As you can see in our free cash flow and net leverage performance, we've clearly over-delivered on that plan and remain committed to deploying resources to maximize long-term shareholder value. Now let's look at our guidance for fiscal '25. We anticipate sales dollars to be flat to down 1%. We expect volume growth in chicken and prepared foods to be offset by lower beef and pork volumes. However, total company AOI is expected to be between $1.8 billion and $2.2 billion, reflecting approximately 10% growth at the midpoint driven by prepared foods and chicken. Rounding out key P&L items, we anticipate interest expense to be roughly $380 million and our tax rate to be between 24% and 25%. As Donnie mentioned, we're going to maintain tight controls on spending and CapEx to be between $1 billion and $1.2 billion this year. While there are a range of outcomes for AOI, we expect our free cash flow to exceed $700 million, which is approximately our new expected annual cash dividend. Moving to the breakdown of total company AOI by segment, starting with prepared foods. While we don't anticipate material changes in consumer behavior, we still see a pathway to significant growth in prepared foods AOI by focusing on operational improvements that are in our control, as you saw in our segment priorities for fiscal '25. We expect AOI to be in a range of $900 million to $1.1 billion, representing double-digit growth at the midpoint driven by these initiatives. In chicken, we plan to sustain and build on the operational improvements we put in place in fiscal '24. We are reinvesting a portion of these benefits into our value-added portfolio, highlighted by our master brand relaunch and new marketing campaign. We anticipate chicken AOI to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion, highlighting high single-digit growth at the midpoint. Now on to our beef segment, where uncertainties remain, including the timing and pacing of meaningful herd rebuild intentions. These market dynamics are reflected in our range of outcomes for AOI for fiscal '25, where we expect a loss of $400 million to $200 million, which reflect a similar level of profitability year-over-year at the midpoint. In pork, we also expect a similar level of profitability in '25, as in '24, with AOI in the range of $100 million to $200 million. At the midpoint, benefits of our ongoing operational initiatives may be offset by tighter spreads. Our international business made strides in improving operations in fiscal '24, leading to a notable increase in AOI. We expect to make further progress in fiscal '25. Our outlook for the coming year reflects the benefit of our multi-protein, multi-channel portfolio. The middle of our range highlights solid earnings growth and continued progress on our operations and financial strength. Now I'll pass things back to Donnie to wrap up.
Donnie King: Thanks, Curt. I'm proud of our fiscal 2024 results. We drove significant improvements in our P&L and on our balance sheet. These accomplishments are a direct result of our team's unwavering discipline in executing our strategic priorities. I'd like to take this time and opportunity again to thank each of our team members. Your focus and commitment has been essential to our success. Looking ahead, we still have room for improvement, but I'm optimistic about what's to come. We have a solid foundation as one team, one Tyson, and I'm confident we will continue making progress in fiscal '25, building on our iconic brands to value up our core proteins and striving to operate with excellence. Before we move to Q&A, I'd like to welcome Kyle Narron as our new Group President of Prepared Foods. With more than two decades of industry experience, Kyle is a proven leader with strong operational expertise and a deep understanding of our business. As you recall, Melanie Boulden came to us as Chief Growth Officer in early 2023 and shortly after agreed to take on additional responsibilities as Group President of Prepared Foods. I'd like to extend my gratitude to Melanie for delivering the fiscal '24 plan and creating momentum for growth in the future. Her role as Chief Growth Officer remains central to our growth strategy, especially as we move forward with the most robust innovation pipeline in our company's history. Her efforts to deliver continued breakthrough marketing and growth initiatives, including digital enablement, will be pivotal as we bring new consumers to the Tyson Foods portfolio. Kyle's appointment has been a seamless transition. We're confident his experience and leadership will ensure continued momentum for the business. Thank you for your time today and I look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Now, I'll turn the call back to Sean for Q&A instructions.
Sean Cornett: Thanks, Donnie. We will now move to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Donnie and team congrats on a good finish of fiscal '24, first of all. So, along the line, Q4 obviously was very strong and the full year came in even a little bit better than you expected. You're still calling for some nice growth looking into '25. So, Donnie, maybe help us unpack a little bit the puts and takes within your outlook for '25 and maybe in a little bit more detail what gives you confidence of growth into next year. That would be my first question.
Donnie King: Sure, and thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with just saying how pleased we are with Q4 and the full year of 2024. We continue to see the benefits of our multi-protein portfolio where chicken, prepared pork, and international are all sitting the headwinds in beef. In Q4, momentum continues to strengthen. We saw significant cash generation with free cash flow more than 2x our dividend and substantial reduction of net leverage ratio to 2.6x. In FY '24, and this is why you should be confident, those enterprise priorities continue to deliver results. Our focus on operational excellence are delivering best-in-class operations by gaining efficiency and eliminating waste. Our focus on the customer and the consumer is allowing us to strengthen our iconic brand to expand reach and deliver innovation for new occasions. Our focus on data and digital tools allows us to use big data, analytics, and AI to improve operational decision-making and drive consumer insights and ultimately actions. Our focus on capital allocation is improving cash flow by managing CapEx and working capital. Our focus on team member development is foundational for our culture and delivering our plan. We expect prepared foods and chicken each to deliver approximately 50% of our AOI in fiscal year '25, a significant shift to a more valuable mix. Approximately 10% of our AOI growth in FY '25 at midpoint is driven by prepared foods and chicken. Now into each of the segments, a little color there. In prepared foods, AOI performance was the best full year since 2018. Would expect FY '25 AOI to have double-digit profitability growth at midpoint. In chicken, best full year AOI performance since fiscal year 2017. Market tailwinds and operational improvements driving results. Would expect FY '25 AOI to have high single-digit profitability growth at the midpoint. In pork, better spreads and improved performance drove significant year-over-year AOI increase. Would expect similar profitability at midpoint in '25. In beef, spread compression continues driven by a tight cattle supply but would expect similar profitability at the midpoint. In international, a nice improvement, a nice AOI performance taken with the 4Q one-time adjustments. Would expect FY '25 AOI performance to continue to improve as execution and capacity utilization improves. In total, would expect FY '25 AOI growth to be 10% at midpoint on a range of 1.8 billion to 2.2 billion. Now, five key takeaways from Q4 and as we think about '25. We will continue to shift our mix from core protein to branded value-added. Number two, we will increase household penetration in branded and value-added. Number three, protein is part of every healthy diet and protein is a clear winner in food. Number four, we will improve the returns on our invested capital and create shareholder value. And number five, we will execute with excellence in all that we do. In terms of just one adder here, in terms of volume for the year, we expect beef based on tight cattle supplies to be volume to be down slightly. Pork, because of some of the network optimization, should be down slightly. We would expect increases in volume in prepared foods chicken. So, that's the breakdown on the mix. With that, I will turn the question back to you, Ben.
Ben Theurer: All right. That was very complete. One quick one on chicken, and this is really just like kind of maybe stretching a little bit of the expectations here. If we go back 12 months in time, you were kind of looking for maybe up to 700 million in AOI for chicken, and then it turned out to be more than a billion in FY '24. So, as we think about this, and obviously how the market conditions performed over the last couple of months and quarters now, how much of that do you think you can potentially carry over? And what are potential upside scenarios that would take you even beyond the current chicken outlook of call it maybe 1.2 billion at the higher end?
Donnie King: Ben, I would just say we have a fundamentally different and better chicken business than we had even a year ago, certainly two, three years ago. But our guidance for '25, the range is from 1 billion to 1.2 billion, which is really a high single-digit growth at midpoint. We're doing that at the same time we're investing back in the business with the new ad campaign, product innovation, and so forth, something on the order of about $100 million. So, with that, Wes, do you want to add anything?
Wes Morris: Yes, I'd love to. Ben, thank you for the question. And let me give you a little background so that it'll clear up a little bit. And I'd like to answer specifically your question around '25. And so, we executed our strategy in '24. It was a great team effort as we drove over a $0.5 billion in operational improvement across live plants and then matching up our supply and demand. And so, we delivered our strongest Q4 in history. But here's the part that most people don't know. While we were working on the cost side, we were also resetting the stage for the revenue side and winning with consumers. And so, Donnie mentioned our number one shared retail value added. We did a complete do-over in which we upgraded our quality to the point that our testing exceeded consumer expectations. Not I like it, but it exceeds my expectations. We've got a big innovation pipeline, both experimental and better for you. And experimental is form and flavor, what I call where food meets fun. And then the better for you is capitalizing on the protein content. We upgraded our packaging and it's based on basically decision trees of shopper's shop, brand, and then form and flavor. Donnie referenced our new advertising campaign. And what's exciting about that is that campaign resonates with our core shopper. Just as importantly, it resonates with the younger shopper, creating sustainability of demand over time. And so, we do have a stronger business and an impressive leadership team. We're well positioned into '25 and beyond to have a successful, sustainable business. And let me make one more comment about commercial, because that's something we've not talked about on the calls and a big step change going into '25. Our speed and improvement and go-to-market has been greatly increased. And so, business growth and R&D are a highly functioning team to not only understand them by consumer needs, but to create products and get them to commerce quickly. We've got the strongest pipeline of new products that I've seen in my career across any segment. And so, with that, let me transition to your question around 2025 outlook and how good is the number. And let me start with, hey, last year, my team surprised me with the speed and intensity of the improvement, right? So, yes, we did say 700, and we continued to perform faster and better than I anticipated. We think we've got good balance, good analytics, and good insight into what 2025 looks like. I'm very encouraged by 2025 as we've got a good team, we've got better fundamentals. Overarching markets appear stable. We've got a plan, performance improvement plan more than offsetting inflation. Then we'll spend around $100 million driving that mixed change of value added. And while our volume looks a little soft, last year, our fully cooked mix was up 5%. So, we've already started that mix adjustment to improve profitability. And so, all-in-all, we got a better cost structure, we got strong value added go-to-market hitting with a lot of intensity in 2025. And so, our guidance based on current market outlook, understanding we're more insulated than most companies, I feel good about. Now, we also think we're realistic about the macroeconomic impact of total demand, what's the industry supply potential, any impact to exports, ongoing weather patterns, which seem to be more frequent, and feed costs and global feedstocks. And so, we feel very good that based on what we know, our guidance is more accurate than any time in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Congratulations on the quarter. My first question is a follow-up to Ben's. As far as on the chicken guide, I was you all have made a lot of changes in your operations there. You've pulled some complexes. So, I was just wondering if you could give us a little more specificity as far as your year-on-year growth for that cycle. How much of that is, things that [TyChic] [ph] in control as far as cost savings, more productivity, and how much is it you're assuming as far as the overall market dynamics?
Donnie King: Sure. I will tell you that the chicken business is performing. Wes, just a moment ago, talked about a number of those things. Think of this as a continuous mindset, continuous improvement mindset, operational excellence. Those are the gifts that keep on giving, if you will. And for us, that's not going out of style. And we'll do many of those same things as we here in 2025. We're off to a good start in 2025. Wes, why don't you touch on some of those specifics around controllables?
Wes Morris: Yes. I think in an effort to keep it fairly simple, if you use 2023 as a baseline, we have materially made a step change that has nothing to do with markets of over $500 million, right? We know where the continuous improvement opportunities are from there. So, I'm going to bake in another 185 that has nothing to do with markets. And so, we've made a major step change that regardless of meat values or corn values, those fundamental improvements are worth between $500 million and $700 million a year.
Heather Jones: That's super helpful. And then, my follow-up is on beef. And basically, production there, just due to new feed additives, longer time on feed, just production has come in much higher than anyone would have expected this year. And those weight gains are likely to continue in 2025. So, given that we haven't had this hole in supply that was expected, the wholesale price gap between chicken and beef has been pretty narrow, as narrow as in two years, whereas the retail price gap is the highest ever. And so, just wondering what you all are hearing from retailers, given that supply has not been as bad as people thought, is there a possibility that retailers start promoting beef more at the expense of chicken in 2025? So, would love your thoughts on that.
Brady Stewart: Well, good morning, Heather. Appreciate the question. It's Brady. First of all, I think it's really important to point out just where we sit from a beef demand perspective, just kind of set the stage. And when we look at '24 versus '23, we saw it from a choice cutout perspective increase just relative to the wholesale price as well. And it was up a little more than 2%, which signals really good beef demand. And we've seen that in our business as well. Then when we go and we kind of dissect it by primal and by product, it gets a little bit more interesting as well. And so, really kind of flattish prices across the board on the rib and lion. But we've seen a significant increase in price on the grinds. And so, I'm not sure that every single one of the products on beef is really a clear substitute with chicken and with pork. But where we have seen that increased demand in price has really been on lean trim. It's been on the grind. And we've seen some substitution opportunities between the round complex and the lean complex as well. From a retailer perspective, we have seen several different strategies deployed. And because we've seen the steady demand for beef, we know that the consumer is going to stay in there, continue to buy beef. And so, some retailers have certainly taken that promotional opportunity to work on that rib and loin complex to drive those market baskets higher in general. So, I guess the overarching sentiment, just relative to beef, is really good demand, even with these higher prices, and expect that to continue into 2025.
Wes Morris: Hi, Ms. Heather. This is Wes again. And I was so focused on the cost side of your question, I think I should have mentioned a big unlock on the revenue side as well as we go into 2025. So, as you know, we opened five fully cooked wines in our Danville, Virginia, new plant earlier in 2024. Through great efforts from both retail and food service, that plant is actually sold out. And so, that mixed change that I referenced earlier, also changing economics, is baked into our 2025 plan. And I'm excited to announce that we're already starting to work on the next five fully cooked wines.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I'll stay with chicken. And thank you for all the help, both of you, in terms of the mixed changes and, Curt, in terms of some of the permanent dollar changes to your operating income that you would expect. I wanted to ask, though, is it possible that there's a potential partial offset coming in the next year just from higher supply? And I know we're getting some mixed signals there, but we have seen chick placements increase to some extent. I'm just curious, not trying to rain on what's a pretty great parade here, but just wanted to get a sense for what's in your guidance for potentially higher industry chicken supply in the coming months.
Donnie King: Thanks, Ken. Let me start out and answer that question. And if we want to go into more detail, I'll give it to Wes. But I would tell you in our guidance that 1 to 1.2, we have contemplated all those things that you just mentioned. So we're comfortable with the guidance that we've given. I think one thing that I'll just add to in terms of how this mix is shifting for us, not only in chicken, but for the other businesses, but for chicken specifically today. If you look at volume, while it is positive or projected positive for '25, what you don't see in that is this, that the outsized growth of the value-added branded business is up about 5%. Thus, we're filling up the Danville, Virginia plant, and then we're looking at another plant to do that. So what we're doing in shifting this core or commodity into more value added is working, which has been part of the Tyson history for many decades now. And so we'll do more of that. And we're aware of the market conditions, but we're trying to operate and be a company that is a little different in terms of what we do.
Wes Morris: Yes. I'll share my perspective. If I could, I'll share my perspective real quick. We see the record exits, and I think it's reflecting strong demand for poultry, plus the industry's continued challenge in hatch and livability. Fortunately, Tyson's performance has dramatically outpaced the industry. We're able to service our customers. We referenced the 2.6% increase for the full year. But given the robust demand, I think there's good reason to believe that supply and demand are fairly balanced. But I want to be clear on something that we talk about internally. We really grow chickens for two reasons. We don't grow a lot of chickens to sell for whatever they're worth next Wednesday. We grow a lot of chickens for strategic customers to create win-win solutions who are looking for a continuity. And that has built-in mechanisms that if we perform, we make money. And then the second reason we grow chickens is as ingredients to our fully cooked and par-fry business, which we're growing exponentially. So the industry will do whatever it's going to do. I think we're well-positioned to win either way.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up, you have a new administration coming in the White House. I think a lot of uncertainty, maybe both on the upside and downside. I'll leave this question open-ended, but just in terms of labor tariffs in both direction, regulations, is it possible to even analyze what might be some upside and downside drivers at this time, or is it just way too early to say?
Donnie King: Well, there's a lot that we don't know at this point, but I would remind you that we've successfully operated this business for over 90 years, no matter the party in control, the environment. We look forward to working with the incoming administration. Like all businesses, we'll assess any new policies and plan accordingly. So we're going to control, again, what we can control in this environment. So I'll leave it at that Ken.
Operator: The next question comes from Pooran Sharma of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Congratulations on the strong quarter.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Pooran Sharma: I was hoping just to gain a little bit more clarity for myself on beef and kind of your outlook, and more specifically, just wanted to understand just heifer retention or herd rebuilding dynamics. I understand we haven't seen that yet, but just looking at your guidance at the midpoint for beef, we're kind of looking flattish. My understanding is if you see signs of heifer retention, you are going to see the number of head going to slaughter plants going even lower, which fundamentally to me would put more compression on margins. Does the lower end of your operating income range factor in potential heifer retention? Or help me kind of think about potential heifer retention in your beef outlook for next year.
Donnie King: Sure. Let me start off with that. In terms of the guidance, we're guiding to a loss of $400 million to a loss of $200 million. So the challenge continues. But as I mentioned earlier, this 2025 will be similar based on all of our modeling to '24. There's some influx, yes, heifer retention, and we're not seeing meaningful heifer retention. But there's also the influx of heavier weight cattle. There's the influx of some dairy into the supply and a number of other things. I'll flip it to Brady to let him give you some of the finer details of that.
Brady Stewart: Sure. Thanks, Donnie. I think it's also important to understand what Tyson can control. I'm proud of the team relative to some of the improvements we made in '24. To have operating costs in our plants that are lower in '24 versus '23 when we saw some inflation and some lower headcount numbers is really meaningful to the outlook of our business as well and provides some visibility in terms of where we can control. This is one of the most dynamic beef environments in history, and we've gone through these cycles approximately every decade. But this one's really unique, and we've seen record cutout prices, some record weights that you referenced as well, and how all of these different pieces shape into the outlook is very interesting. So we've layered on a significant amount of data platforms to help us analyze our business better than we ever have before and make better business decisions that really drive outcomes that are important and meaningful And so from a cutout perspective, I mentioned earlier that we've seen really, really good demand, and we need to continue to understand that that good demand and really high cutout values provides greater importance now on our yields than it ever has in the history of the business as well. And so there's initiatives to continue to move forward and continually improve in that area as well. Grind is very, very important. I mentioned the record high prices we've seen on lean trim. How we convert lean trim into chubs or patties or their grind material to meet the consumer wherever they want to go is a good opportunity for us, and we've seen great initiatives and move in that area. Donnie mentioned the seasoned marinated progress, and we want to provide convenience to our customers as well and provide different platforms for them to purchase our beef products. Really proud of the team to continue to innovate and come up with different solutions for the future. And then just lastly, I just want to go back and reiterate the efficiency improvements that we have made year-over-year are absolutely meaningful as well and will help us navigate through whether we start to see additional heifer retention and potentially some lower harvest numbers, or it's more of a static demand case.
Pooran Sharma: Great. No, I appreciate it. Thanks for the color. I guess for my second question, just kind of wanted to shift over to the work you've done to optimize your network. If maybe you could just remind us of all the work that you have done, how many plants you've closed, and then do you see further kind of work being done? You guys are really kind of seeing benefits from operational excellence. So just want to kind of get a sense for how you're thinking about it in the future.
Donnie King: Sure. Great question. And I won't hit on every specific location, but I will tell you how we start. We start with controlling the controllables in the business. And then we began, as many have talked today, about executing with excellence. We simply want to be best-in-class operations end-to-end. I don't care if it's chick or beef, pork prepared, international, or a function across Tyson Foods. So let's start with that. So when we look at the network, we consider a number of things. We consider the age of the asset. We consider the profitability of an asset. We consider the scale of an asset. We consider how competitive it is in the marketplace. Can it win? And we also then look at what future capital would be spent on that particular asset. And as we run all these things through a funnel, we make a long-term decision. And I must tell you, these are always challenging, painful decisions to make. But I think we have demonstrated the ability to look everywhere, to challenge ourselves to be the best, and then make decisions accordingly based on what we find. Operator Our next question comes from Thomas Palmer of Citi. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: I was hoping to get a little more specific on the expected drivers for prepared foods. Sounds like mix is a factor. I wondered maybe about your outlook for other items, anything maybe quantifiable on volume expectations, and then kind of thinking about cost inflation and productivity. And then just kind of in context to that expected improvement in prepared foods, would you expect to see this 10% operating profit growth starting in the first quarter, or is there a period later in the year where we might see outsized growth? Thanks.
Donnie King: Thanks. Yes, great question, and thank you for that. I would remind you that in 2024, it was the best year we've had since 2018. I've said on calls, this call before, that there's upside to our prepared foods business. What we are doing, what we did in 2024, 2023, and we'll do in 2025 and beyond, is continue to drive out waste from our business. We'll continue to connect with that consumer and our customer with new and meaningful innovation. I've talked about what protein impact is and where it sits relative to inside the category of food, but we're literally pulling every lever within prepared foods. We're already seeing benefits of that. We saw it in 2024. We see that momentum continuing in 2025 and beyond. And a reminder, we're at midpoint. We are expecting a 10% growth from 2024 to 2025. Now let me introduce you to Kyle Narron, who now leads our prepared foods business. Thank you, Melanie, for outstanding 2024. And Kyle, give us a little more color relative to the question.
Kyle Narron: Yes, thanks, Donnie. And thanks, Thomas, for the question. As I look at 2024, we were entering the beginning of our multi-year strategy focused on operating our business with discipline, and that's exactly what we did, as Donnie mentioned, the best performance in six years and in line with expectations. I guess I'll start by thanking all of our team members for their contribution to the improvements that we recognized in 2024. The key drivers for that performance were really along three pillars. Our operational performance is delivering tangible results. We experienced significant improvements in yield and throughput. Our service levels improved over 170 points year-over-year. Distress sales down 26%. When you look from a commercial execution perspective, we're delivering some sizable wins. We continue to see distribution increases across our core business, gaining over 240 TDPs on our core items that have proven to add value to our customers and consumers. We continue to see momentum from an innovation perspective relative to the launch of our Jimmy Dean griddle cakes and our chicken biscuit. We continue to realize increased distribution on those items on the backs of high trial and repeat rates. And then we continue to leverage our data and digital to drive promotional efficiency and long-term share growth. And so, as I wrap that up, Thomas, and I think of the momentum we carry into 25, which would be year two of this multi-year strategy, I would just call out that over 100% of the step change in profitability is built on controllable improvements. Those key drivers will remain unchanged. We will continue to be focused on the growth initiatives that I mentioned on core distribution and launching items from our robust innovation pipeline. And from an operational perspective, we are laser focused on our performance to standard. We'll continue to focus on running our assets at standard on every line every day. We'll continue to be focused on reducing complexity and eliminating waste. And so, again, expect to carry that momentum that we gained in 24 into 25 as we continue to execute this multi-year strategy.
Curt Calaway: And, Tom, this is Curt. I might add just on top of Kyle as well. Part of your question, I think, was around kind of the cadence that you might see it materialize. I think this would be a year where it might be a little more balanced across the year, different than kind of more of our historical norms, a little bit of seasonality, which is really what Kyle was speaking about relative to the operational efficiencies we continue to gain throughout the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to chicken supply. I know you gave some thoughts on how you're factoring that in and thinking about it. I guess just would love to follow up on you cite the USDA expectations for around 3% supply growth. More recently, we've seen that the egg set and chick hatched up closer to 6%. Do you expect that to come in? I guess, how do you think about just reconciling those two data points?
Wes Morris: Yes. I'd be glad to take that. And good morning, Michael. The industry's continued challenges on both hatch and livability. These increased egg sets and chicks placed physically aren't making it to the processing plants. And so, that makes a big difference. It's been a much tougher grow out environment between avian influenza, metapneumovirus. And so, I think you'll continue to see that disconnect as we go through 2025. The only offset being in higher bird weights, and that's actually driving the 2.6% increases through bird weight per head.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful. And just back on prepared foods, I know you're lapping the plant startup costs. Can you just help us remember how to quantify that?
Kyle Narron: Yes, thanks for the question, Michael. Startup cost year-over-year, or what we realized in FY '24, was somewhere around $20 million. But I would remind you, certainly, that we would be lapping a first half with lower depreciation from an overhead perspective as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: My first one, I wanted to go back to some of the operational improvements in the beef segment that you're talking about. My understanding or assumption was that there wasn't a whole lot internally that you could do to really cushion against the market environment. But you sound more optimistic on that now, and certainly listed a number of things that you've been working on. So, I was just curious if you could quantify how much you think that can move the needle, similar to what you said in chicken, or just maybe give a framework for how that could impact the business relative to kind of underlying margin environment.
Brady Stewart: Yes, thanks for the question, Andrew. Just relative to how we look at the business, 85% of the business really is somewhat uncontrollable relative to these market spreads. And so, that obviously provides some outsized weighting. But when you talk about the amount of resources that we deploy from a labor perspective, the amount of opportunity we have at $3 plus cutouts to continue to improve on yield, it's certainly meaningful on how we push forward and move forward in the business as well. And so, I'll just say that there's a great opportunity for us to continue to march forward towards world-class. We want to make sure that we minimize the losses in this challenging cycle. And we really have the right to win relative to the utilization of our six harvest assets as we move forward throughout the bottom side of this cycle.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And my other question is just on capital deployment and cash flow generation, I guess. Leverage has been coming down. I know you're not quite to the target levels yet, and this will be still a pretty disciplined year. I guess I'm just curious if the business is headed in the direction that it seems to be. Are we getting closer maybe next year to a time when maybe you can start to loosen the purse strings a little bit on that front? Or how are you thinking about whether it's CapEx or other investments returning cash to shareholders kind of more broadly over the next several years? Thanks.
Curt Calaway: Thanks for the question. And I appreciate the comments. And we certainly did have a very disciplined approach from cash, cash deployment scenario in 2024, and drove net leverage down from 4.1x to 2.6x across the year. But we did still invest, $1.1 billion in CapEx. And at the guidance range that we've provided for next year, we would invest between $1 billion and $1.2 billion in CapEx in 2025. And we also had a comment in our guidance relative to free cash flow that would exceed our annual dividend, expected to be in the range of about $700 million. But we'll stay very constant relative to our capital allocation priorities around build financial strength, but also investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders, as you said. And obviously, make note, we did increase our dividend announced this morning, as well. And very proud of the accomplishments we've made, but we stay committed to our investment grade credit rating, and our long-term target leverage of at or below two times.
Donnie King: So, Andrew, if I could, just maybe one additional comment, just to make sure the takeaway from the first question I answered this morning, we will continue to spend capital and return money to shareholders. But one of our focal points right now is to improve the return on the capital that we have already invested. And so, there's a lot of upside in that. And so, that's also a priority as you think about this in terms of the whole mix.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Donnie King for closing remarks.
Donnie King: Thanks for your continued interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tyson Foods Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sean Cornett, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sean Cornett: Good morning and welcome to Tyson Foods’ fiscal third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On today’s call, Tyson’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Donnie King and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Curt Calaway will provide some prepared remarks, followed by Q&A. Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart, Group President - Beef, Pork, and Chief Supply Chain Officer; Melanie Boulden, Group President - Prepared Foods and Chief Growth Officer; Wes Morris, Group President - Poultry, and Devin Cole, President - International and Global McDonald’s. We also have provided a supplemental presentation which may be referenced on today’s call and is available on Tyson’s Investor Relations website and via the link in our webcast. During today’s call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimer on Slide 2, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now I’ll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks Sean and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. Q3 was another solid quarter as momentum continues to build. Compared to the third quarter of last year, AOI is up more than $300 million growing nearly 175% and adjusted EPS increased by more than $0.70 or almost 500%. Q3 not only dramatically improved versus last year but also marked the highest profitability in the last seven quarters. What's even more impressive is that we delivered these results despite well-known headwind in the cattle cycle as we benefited from our diverse portfolio. I want to take this opportunity to thank all of our team members across every segment and function for their hard work in contributing to these results, in Q3 and for their dedication to driving operational excellence which as you know has been a priority for us. Let me highlight the performance in chicken. We delivered segment AOI of more than $300 million, the best third quarter profit result in eight years. We are raising our guidance in chicken for the third consecutive quarter. The midpoint of our outlook is now $350 million better than our initial expectations coming into the fiscal year. I want to emphasize that the operational improvements we've been driving are enabling us to benefit from the market tailwinds, invest in our value-added portfolio, but also enhancing our results. In fact, all of our businesses are more agile, collaborative, and disciplined than they have been in some time. Beyond the strong results in chicken in Q3, pork also came in better than we anticipated, while beef and prepared foods were in line with our expectations. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation continues to improve cash flow. Year-to-date free cash flow is better by more than $1.2 billion compared to last year. This growth was driven by improved profitability and our focus on managing working capital and controlling capital expenditures. While still investing for profitable growth, and again, we're delivering these results in the face of a challenging environment for beef. Better performance has helped us to reduce our net leverage ratio for the third consecutive quarter. Before I talk more about the performance in the quarter by segment, let me remind you that we have some of the most iconic retail brands in all of food with top brands in protein. Behind Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, and Ball Park, we have the number one or number two market share in eight of our core business lines and enjoy favorite brand status in key categories. I remain highly confident in our strategy and optimistic about our future and the ability to drive long-term value for shareholders. Let's move to segment performance starting with Prepared Foods. In Food Service, we continue to broaden our customer base, grow in margin accretive channels, and expand our presence in broad line distribution categories. This led to overall volume and sales growth in Q3. AOI for the quarter was right in line with our expectations. Operational execution including supply chain improvements and more efficient and effective marketing support through digital are delivering results. In addition, we are leaning into our top performing skews to capture opportunities to expand distribution. While our brands remain strong, we are continually focused on new innovations to expand the appeal and market opportunities for our products. For instance, the Jimmy Dean Griddle Cakes platform is an innovation we are very proud of. We've launched two flavors, maple and blueberry, and we're seeing an exceptionally strong repeat rate and customer adoption making it one of the most successful Prepared Foods innovation over the past five years. Our focus on execution and innovation are keeping us on track to deliver another solid performance for the year. As I mentioned, chicken had one of its best quarters in some time, but we are clearly benefiting from better market conditions including lower grain costs, our actions and focus on the fundamentals across all aspects of the value chain are also contributing to these strong results. Our live operations continue to improve with hatch rate and livability up year-over-year. We generate efficiencies and improve utilization in our plants by optimizing our network. Our demand planning and customer service have also taken significant steps forward as we improve order bill rates and continued to build long-term partnerships with customers all the while reducing inventory. We've reinvested some of the proceeds from these improvements into the long-term growth of our value added chicken business. For instance, we've accelerated the ramp up of our Danville Fully Cooked facility and launched new products like honey bites and restaurant quality wings. In summary, our focus on the basics has built a fundamentally stronger chicken business with an eye on the future. Moving to beef, as expected, elevated cattle costs continue to compress spreads in fiscal Q3. While pasture conditions have improved this year, clear size of meaningful herd rebuilding have not emerged. We continue to be laser-focused on the things we can control, such as labor utilization, yield, and mixed management to meet consumer demand and customer needs as we manage through the challenges of the cattle cycle. Turning to pork, the overall health of the herd and the productivity of styles remain strong, driving an ample supply of lean hog, combined with solid demand and the benefits of our improved operational execution. AOI increased noticeably versus last year. Now let me take a moment to reflect on who we are. Our purpose is to feed the world like family, where protein remains clearly at the center of the plate. In fact, protein is the largest category in the retail food and beverage sector, accounting for about one third of sales in the U.S. We believe protein plays a central role in any healthy diet. This is why we see consumption growth is up 1.3% across feed, chicken, and pork in fiscal Q3 per Nielsen [ph]. And is also why we have protein as a foundational core. Our strategy encompasses our differentiated capabilities and scale and our diverse portfolio across channels, categories, and eating occasion. Our strategic pillars are supported by key enablers of operational excellence, customer and consumer obsession, along with data and digital. One key goal is building on our iconic brands to value up our core proteins. Today, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, and Hillshire Farm are three of the top 10 protein brands with room to expand household penetration. Brands are our best opportunity to drive faster growth, higher margin, and stronger returns, and is the most effective way to generate long-term shareholder value. As I've emphasized all year, our priorities are centered on controlling the controllables, including cash management. Our cash flow performance this year demonstrates the success we've had on this front. We're also focused on operational excellence by continuously improving chicken, strengthening Prepared Foods, navigating beef through a difficult cattle cycle, and driving efficiencies in pork. We came into fiscal 2024 with plans to deliver against these priorities. Our focus on being intentional and deliberate on executing those plans is delivering tangible results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Curt to review our financial performance in more detail.
Curt Calaway: Thanks, Donnie. Total company net sales of 13.35 billion in Q3 were up 1.6% year-over-year. The increase was led by beef with contributions from pork and Prepared Foods partially offset by declines in chicken and international. Adjusted operating income improved $312 million to nearly $500 million, driven primarily by another quarter of substantial increase in chicken profitability. Operational improvements and substantially higher AOI led to a $0.72 increase in adjusted EPS, which came in at $0.87 in Q3. As Donnie mentioned earlier, this is our best AOI, AOI margin, and adjusted EPS in the past seven quarters. Now let's review our segment results starting with Prepared Foods. In Prepared Foods, Q3 revenue grew 2.1% versus last year driven by volume growth in Food Service. As we expected, AOI in Q3 was down modestly, higher raw material costs were partially offset by lower map spend versus an elevated level last year, and the benefits of operational efficiencies and top-line growth. Moving to chicken, sales in Q3 declined 3.2%, primarily due to the pass-through of lower input costs and pricing. While volume is roughly flat year-over-year, as we continue to better align supply with customer demand, it was up approximately 2% from Q3 of fiscal 2022. AOI increased $370 million versus last year to $307 million. Lower input costs, net-of-pass-through pricing, along with the benefits of the strategic actions we have taken and the efficiencies the business has driven across our operations, drove the growth in AOI. We also experienced favorable year-over-year derivative impact of $63 million, primarily related to a $65 million net derivative loss in Q3 last year. In beef, revenue was up 5.8% year-over-year in the quarter primarily due to the volume impact of higher average carcass weights, with pricing increasing 1.4%. While revenue increased, AOI decreased primarily reflecting compressed spreads as expected, which more than offset our continued progress on operational efficiencies. Moving to pork, Q3 revenue increased a net 10.4% driven by higher price per pound reflecting healthy global demand. AOI also increased $92 million year-over-year benefiting from improved spreads and better operational execution. Shifting to our financial position and capital allocation. Our commitment to disciplined capital allocation remains unchanged. Our priorities are to maintain financial strength, invest in the business, and return cash to shareholders all while maintaining our investment grade credit rating. Cash flow from operations remains strong, with year-to-date approaching $2 billion, highlighting improved profitability and working capital management. Operating cash flows was more than double our CAPEX, which came in at $884 million year-to-date. CAPEX in Q3 of $263 million declined sequentially for the sixth consecutive quarter, reflecting our focus on controlling capital deployment while continuing to invest for profitable growth. Year-to-date free cash flow of $1.1 billion is more than two and a half times better than the previous two fiscal years combined over the same period. We ended Q3 with $4.8 billion of liquidity. Improving profits and strong cash management are also benefiting our net leverage, which declined sequentially again, coming in at three times in Q3, more than a full-turn lower than where we exited fiscal 2023. We continue focusing on returning net leverage to our long-term target of at or below two times net debt to adjusted EBITDA. We entered fiscal 2024 with a plan of applying our controlling the controllables approach to enhance free cash flow generation. We've over-delivered on that plan and remain committed to deploying resources to maximize long-term shareholder value. Now let's look at our updated outlook for fiscal 2024. We are reiterating our overall sales guidance at roughly flat year-over-year. Based primarily on our improved outlook for chicken, we are raising our AOI guidance and tightening the range. For the total company we now expect between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion. Moving to the segments, in chicken, given the strong performance we're raising our AOI guidance range to be between $850 million and $950 million. For Prepared Foods, we are reiterating our AOI outlook of $850 million to $950 million as we continue to perform in line with expectations. In beef, we are tightening our AOI guidance range to a loss between $400 million and $300 million, reflecting well-known challenges in the cattle cycle. In pork, we are raising our AOI outlook to be between $100 million and $200 million highlighting improved year-to-date results versus expectations. To round out the key P&L items, we continue to anticipate interest expense to be roughly $395 million and our tax rate to be between 23% and 24%. Turning to CAPEX, we are maintaining our tight controls on spending in line with profitability and cash flows, and are narrowing our CAPEX range to be between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion this year. Before I turn the call back over to Donnie, I want to emphasize that our multi-protein, multi-channel strategy is enabling us to raise the midpoint of our full year AOI guidance by $100 million. Now, I'll hand it over to Donnie to wrap up before we move to Q&A.
Donnie King: Thanks, Curt. Before we get to your questions, I want to express my deep gratitude to our incredible team members. Your dedication and hard work are the driving forces behind our mission to feed the world-like family and bring high-quality food to every table in the world. Together, we have achieved a remarkable turnaround and our momentum continues. Finally, I am grateful to our customers and consumers for their trust, loyalty, and partnership. I couldn't be more excited for the opportunities ahead of us and remain confident that our strategy will enable us to deliver long-term shareholder value. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions.
Sean Cornett: Thanks, Donnie. We will now move to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, good morning, and thank you. I wanted to ask, I appreciate a lot of the information you gave about each segment, thank you for that. Donnie, as you think about taking a step back, looking at kind of the underlying fundamentals, especially in your two biggest segments, chicken and beef, but across the company, kind of what were the more important puts and takes in the quarter versus your expectations, just in terms of how fundamentals came in against what you were initially anticipating?
Donnie King: Good morning Ken and thank you for the question. Let me start with we are pleased with our Q3 results which is the best quarter in the last seven. We are seeing the benefits of our multi-protein portfolio where chicken, prepared and pork are offsetting the headwinds in beef. In Q3 momentum continues to strengthen, and all of our businesses are executing better than they have in quite some time. We're executing against the priorities we laid out for fiscal year 2024. In short, we are controlling the controllables, we are optimizing our network, and we remain focused on operational excellence. We have taken decisive action to drive performance and to build financial strength. Our performance has given us confidence to raise our guidance again. Now let me step into the segments, and I'll start with chicken. Our focus on the fundamentals behind the number one brand is delivering results. Chicken had a strong Q3. We had the best adjusted operating income since fiscal year 2016, it was eight years ago. Best capacity utilization since Q4 of 2018, six years ago. The best livability since fiscal year 2020. Supply chain and S&OP processes is allowing us to improve order fill rate while simultaneously lowering our inventory and working capital. In beef, we're managing through volatility and spread tightening. We continue to focus on operational excellence. In pork, better spreads and ongoing operational execution led to better profitability. In Prepared Foods, our results were in line with our expectations, our brands are strong, and our share remains healthy.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, thank you for that Donnie. And then I had a quick follow-up. As a company, you have a unique view into how restaurants are performing, particularly quick service. And I'm just wondering, we've heard from some quick service restaurants lately that they're not necessarily seeing real improvements in traffic yet, but maybe there are some green shoots, just as we -- as they experience some of the initial early benefits as the companies lean harder into promotions and actions that appeal to maybe some lower income consumers. So I'm just curious what you're seeing from your perspective from the restaurant industry in general, how it affects you, and if there's any real changes to your outlook in QSRs in particular? Thank you.
Donnie King: So, thanks Ken. Just as a reminder, in the protein space, there typically are lower levels of elasticity. And protein is a consumer staple. And I'd also remind you, Ken, and then I'll pass this over to Melanie to add a little more color on Food Service. But in retail, we hold leadership positions in 8 of 10 categories, and three of the top 10 brands in protein. So with that, Melanie, why don't you speak a little bit to...
Melanie Boulden: Thank you, Donnie. Happy to do so. And Ken, I'm going to talk to you with my enterprise CGO hat on. So first of all, the Food Service industry, as you know, is large. And demand for protein is strong as consumers see protein as an essential staple in their diets and meal routines. And at Tyson Foods we are advantaged because Tyson's diverse food servers portfolio spans major proteins, chicken, beef and pork. And this year, we've also seen a particular interest in our poultry offerings as quick-serve restaurants have been emphasizing value menu offerings. These factors, combined with our large and flexible manufacturing infrastructure, have been instrumental in driving our performance. For example, our ability to quickly partner with customers on LTOs or limited time offerings to meet their business objectives, we're operating is best-in-class. At the same time, that flexibility is also helping us to better partner with our customers to quickly develop innovation. Now our commercial scale is also a strategic advantage. On any given day, you'll find our products in school lunch programs, quick-serve restaurants, fine dining establishments, and hospitals. You'll also find us in travel and entertainment venues such as airports, cruise ships, movie theaters, amusement parks, and concert venues. This allows us to meet consumers where they are. Look, we remain focused on what we can control in Food Service, including improving our product pipeline with innovation to drive operator value and new customer acquisition. We're also focused on leveraging the diversity and flexibility of our broad manufacturing base to better serve our partners. And finally, we're focused on shifting the mix to advantaged channels. So because of these actions, we're building momentum going into fiscal year 2025 and are positioned well for continued growth.
Operator: Next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. I was hoping to dig into the results in chicken a bit more and really parse some of the drivers of operating margin improvement between the lower grain costs, which I believe at least on a gross basis in the Q were quantified at $305 million versus some of the underlying cost and mix actions that you've been undertaking and how should we think about that progressing, there's obviously implication in the guidance for 4Q, but help us think about what's embedded in the fourth quarter guidance from a net grain cost tailwind would be helpful? Thank you.
Donnie King: So Ken, thank you for the question. Let me start by saying, I'm going to take this opportunity to pass this question over to our Chief Architect in Poultry, Wes Morris. He's been the person responsible. He and his team for the chicken turnaround that we have seen. So Wes?
Wes Morris: Yeah, thanks Donnie. Overall, I'd say I'm very pleased with the improvement in our cost fundamentals, and we're well poised for growth. Nothing's really changed. The big three areas that we've talked about the last few quarters around our live plant and S&OP. Our live results continued to improve. Our hatch was up 360 basis points versus a year ago, just short of 83. Our livability improved 50 points to 93.71 [ph] in a pretty tough grow-out environment. And then our cost 500 on the in bench mail [ph] and then a very deliberate focus on our live fundamentals are paying big dividends. The network changes that are paying off. Capacity utilization, as Donnie said, continues to improve sequentially and we still have room to grow. And then our S&OP process continues to add value. Service was up 100 basis points on an order field, while reducing our working capital around $260 million. We have a really highly functioning demand planning and supply planning team and our total poultry group is engaged in that area. Now we invested some of that operational improvements back into the business. As you know, we have the number one share in retail and Food Service, and we're focused on investing there. So our Danville fully cooked plant is well started up, that location is about a year ahead of schedule from what we originally anticipated. We've got a strong innovation pipeline. We've invested in quality and consumer promotions. And so I think our range is good. We've raised our guidance 850 to 950. Historically, Q1 and Q3 is our best quarters with Q2 and Q4 being a little softer and then the ongoing investments. So I feel well balanced at the midpoint.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that's helpful. And then if I could just ask a follow-up on beef. Donnie, you alluded to in the prepared remarks, no obvious signs of herd rebuilding. Just as we think about the implication of that over the next couple of years with just fewer cattle’s that are still going to not coming to market. How do we think about your own capacity utilization and industry capacity utilization in the sector and kind of if you reach a breaking point there that we might have to see some capacity rationalization?
Brady Stewart: Well, thanks Adam for the question. And I'll just start with saying this, it's going to be very challenging to continue to really forecast the outcomes relative to this beef cycle. Every beef cycle has some differences embedded within it. And one of the key indicators relative to the cycle is droughts and monitoring drought in specific areas. So as you alluded to, we haven't seen really any notable retention to date. We've seen some differences relative to specific regions. And I would say that correlates really well relative to what those specific regions have from a climate and drought perspective. So when you definitely really evaluate as we move forward, what we do know is we're not expecting any incremental supply here in the short-term, which is consistent with these beef cycles. However, we're really focused on what we can control. And the highlights for our beef team have been decreased costs year-over-year relative to our manufacturing and our efficiencies have improved in our assets. We continue to see improvements in our yields, in our plants. We're doing a better job of balancing our supply and demand of cattle to beef and what our consumers and customers are demanding as well. So when you parlay all of those things together, we'll continue to manage what we can control and focus on really indications in the future on this rebuild.
Donnie King: So if I could add one thing to that. Thank you, Brady. Our asset base is we're well invested, and we are capable of running with the very best in the industry. I'll remind you, Adam and others that the benefits of our multi-protein portfolio, which is driving our momentum with the strength in chicken and prepared foods and pork, and we see that offsetting challenges in beef. We see that continuing for the balance of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first question on the chicken business, you're certainly seeing very strong improvements. But my question is about opportunities for -- yes, further improvement from here. And where I'm coming from is the margins were in the lower end of what typically is your normal range despite those internal improvements, the seasonality benefits in the quarter, the strong external environment. So can you maybe reflect on where the business is versus where it needs to be longer term and the path to more sustainably getting into that kind of normal chicken margin range?
Wes Morris: Yeah, this is Wes. I would say that we continue to focus on the fundamentals. We got a little different business mix and business volatility than some of the commodity players as we don't sell a lot of outside raw materials where price is immediate. We've got several pricing models. Some are grain-based and so as grain has come off, we pass that on to the customers, and that's fair. And then we have a high percentage of packaged goods and so we're going to stay focused on stabilization of earnings over time, strong relationships with key customers, and sustainable value creation. So regardless of what markets are doing, I expect us to deliver best-in-class results over time and stay focused on the controllables.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay, that's helpful. And then on beef, I guess the guidance implies for the fourth quarter, bigger losses. And so I guess just directionally, and I appreciate your comments on the difficulties with forecasting this part of the beef cycle here. I guess, is there any way that you want us to think about directionally 2025 versus 2024, or what the implications are for the fourth quarter into next year and then when you talk about controlling the controllables in beef, what are some of those key controllables that you're most focused on or the levers that you can pull from here? Thank you.
Donnie King: Sure. Andrew, let me just say this. In terms of 2025 outlook, it's a little bit early for us. We'll be happy to discuss at length in Q4. So look forward to that. Just a reminder, there is no -- data doesn't support herd rebuild at this point but -- on a positive note, pasture conditions and feed costs are supportive of a herd rebuild. Interest rates, for example, might be a headwind, but there's no clear sign of herd retention. Brady, why don't you go deeper into that?
Brady Stewart: Sure. And thanks for the question, Andrew. And specifically on our beef performance, we are completely dialed in to making sure that we have cost-effective operations. And so everything from our harvest efficiencies and our assets to our yields to making sure that we are dialed in with our customers and consumers and balancing that to the type and kind of cattle that we're procuring and making sure that we understand those value equations, is where we've seen improvements in our operations. And the real call out for us, again, is the significant year-over-year decrease in our manufacturing cost and our assets. We're running a much better operation today than we were a year ago, and we're certainly proud of that and thank the team for their continued improvements in these areas.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. I want to start with chicken and specifically the strong improvements you all made there. And Wes, I think you said hatch was up 360 bps year-on-year, it's nearly 83%, which is far better than the industry is doing. So just wondering if you could help us understand how much of that is sustainable improvements in the breed or in husbandry versus, I would assume there's been some early liquidation of some flocks related to plant closures, and so I'm just trying to figure out how to model that going forward?
Wes Morris: Yes, sure, Heather. Thank you for the question. We see the USDA data and no question the industry exits and wages are well up, but the bird simply aren't making it to the plant. And so our genetics and strategic focus are just the opposite. I did say our hatch is up 360 basis points. I do believe it is sustainable. I think we've got the right programs in place. We're seeing intense focus on the execution. Our grower partners are buying into the performance and our livability is up 50 points even in a tough grow-out environment. So we're obviously outperforming in live. And yes, I believe that to be not only sustainable when we hit the fall cooler weather, I expect it to improve.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you for that. And then my follow-up is on beef, and I just -- I hate to beat a dead horse, but just there's some big differences between the last cycle. So the rebuild has been very slow in coming and it's likely to be more extended. You've got plants being added this time. Your imports are far larger than they were last time. So I am just wondering if you have a sense of how long you think this downturn could last and if Tyson needs to maybe permanently reduce days of slaughter at certain plants or just how you are all planning on tackling that?
Brady Stewart: Thanks for that question Heather. And again, I just go back to that drought monitor, the USDA and NOAA published and produced. And so through the last cycle, obviously, we saw a drought in that 2012, 2013 and then a relatively good rebound in 2014, 2015 and 2016. And then really, from a drought perspective in beef cow country, really, really low persistence relative to drought in the 2019 that led into some really good numbers here within the last three to five years. And so we'll continue to evaluate and understand and focus on that. That's really a prerequisite to this rebuild. Donnie outlined some of the other factors that are in play relative to the rebuild as well. But just to reiterate what Donnie said as well, we've made really good investments in our beef operations, and we like our asset base. We like our team. We like the supply partnerships we have, both on the cattle supply and the partnerships we have with our customers as well and really have laid out a variety of range of outcomes and understanding where the cycle really go and win most importantly, and we'll continue to evaluate that as we move forward.
Donnie King: And if I could, I would add this to Brady's comments, once again, Heather, the benefits of our multi-protein portfolio the momentum and the strength which we have there where chicken, prepared foods, pork and even our international business offsetting those -- this cattle cycle that we're in. So we've been able to do that, did that well in Q3, and I would expect that for the balance of the year, and we think we will have a good overall fiscal 2025. It's too early to talk about that in great detail, but we're very optimistic about 2025.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you, good morning. Just wanted to come back to Prepared Foods. You said the volume growth was driven by Food Service, but overall price was pretty flat. I'm just trying to get a sense of the promotional environment. And maybe if you could give us a little split between Food Service and retail, how they looked and just what sort of price expectations you have going forward, are you seeing -- we're hearing from a lot of companies that consumers are kind of balking at some of the prices, are you having to promote a little bit more, can you just give us kind of a finger on the pulse of where the consumer is these days?
Melanie Boulden: Yes. So thanks, Michael. Let me give you first an overview of our Q3 performance, and then I'll dive a little bit deeper into kind of the promotional environment that we're seeing. So overall, our Prepared Foods third quarter performance, as you know, was in line with our expectations, and we're pleased with the results as we delivered both volume and sales growth. But as you know, we made a number of investments in our plans to add new capacity and capabilities. That's important to remember, as our profit was roughly flat to year ago when you adjust for the incremental expenses associated with the ramp-up of those additions. Also important to note is that our results were accomplished despite lapping a period of higher merchandising levels and lower input costs. And there's really three key factors that drove our performance in the quarter: First, our operational excellence has improved dramatically. We've had tremendous commercial success. And then as you noted, our Food Service volume growth was strong. Now as I think about our promotional environment, please know that our teams closely monitor in market pricing dynamics, elasticities, and promotional performance at a granular level. We have a disciplined approach to pricing and promotions, and we make changes to our strategy as the consumer landscape evolves. Now this doesn't mean that we're just reactive. The strength of our brands, our customer relationships, our data-driven consumer insights, and our leadership position across multiple categories affords us the opportunity to act fast when the marketplace changes. And now pricing and promotion, there are a couple of the key levers, but we're also focused on ensuring that our items are in the right package and in the right channel to meet consumers' needs. I would say it's also important to remember what Donnie highlighted that protein, which consumers see as an essential staple, enjoy lower elasticities than other food categories. Therefore, we believe consumers will continue to prioritize protein. I'd point to all these factors as the reason that Tyson's retail volume grew in the quarter.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Yeah, good morning. Donnie and Curt. Thanks for taking the questions. So I just wanted to dig a little bit into like the cadence 3Q into 4Q because if I remember right, roughly three months ago, you've talked about potential downside risk in the third fiscal quarter, atypical seasonality, it seems like that did turn out. So maybe can you help us understand what was different in the quarter versus what you initially expected to come out to that close to $500 million in operating income and how that then relates into, call it, maybe the higher end versus lower end of that remaining guidance for 4Q, that would be my first question? Thank you.
Curt Calaway: Yeah, thanks. This is Curt. I'll kick it over to Wes in just a minute. But principally speaking, right, we talked about the back half of the year and a little bit of seasonality challenges that we perhaps could have. But to be specific on your question before I turn it over to Wes, it was really some stronger chicken performance than we had anticipated when we talked three months ago. But overall, kind of the construct that we thought about the back half of the year relatively in line. But certainly, as we said earlier, increased the overall midpoint of our guidance by $100 million, really with the strength of Q3 and I'll turn it over to Wes to talk a little bit about chicken’s performance.
Wes Morris: Yes. I'll take a big part of that change and it's pretty simple. Our poultry team is improving faster than I expected or that we modeled in a lot of different areas. Like live for instance, that we just talked about or our supply demand planning group. And so we haven't called a different play. We've just executed it faster than I expected.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. And then my follow-up, I know it tends to not get that much of attention, but it feels like it's coming together a little bit better on the international side. Could you share some of the initiatives you're currently doing and how that international business, how you think about this in the medium term because I know, Donnie, you always talk about the growth -- demand growth is in the international market, so just to understand how you think of investing and positioning yourself to even further accelerate the growth in the international segment?
Donnie King: Sure. Our international business does continue to grow. And if you'll recall, over the last couple of years, we've invested heavily behind a number of assets in China and Southeast Asia. I would tell you, in those marketplaces, there are a number of macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds. We have seen a little better improvement in raw materials. But to go any deeper into that, let me introduce Devin Cole, who is new to this call, but not new to Tyson and he's just returned to our company in March. He's been the Head of our Global McDonald's business. And now we've added the International business on to him. And so with that, Devin, welcome, and please go ahead.
Devin Cole: Thank you, Donnie. Of course, it's pretty early in the process of evaluating this business from my standpoint. But I would tell you, I'm encouraged by the quality of our team, assets that I've had the chance to see around the world. We're really focused on some very key metrics, and that's just to keep our team members safe, make sure we've got the best food safety, the best product quality innovation for all of our customers around the world and also focused highly on operational excellence as we bring these new facilities up to speed. And I am convinced that we have the assets and the team to deliver the portfolio of products to meet both customer and consumer needs around the world. And really what this will allow us to do is to provide the growth in results that we expect and that we need to drive the operational efficiencies and capacity utilization in these assets.
Donnie King: So if I may just add one other thing to that, Devin and thank you. As many of you will recall, Amy, too, was the leader of our International business. Since we were together last, Amy has decided to retire. And I know she is probably listening today, and I just want to say that we miss her and thank her for many contributions to the company. We wish Amy and her husband Christian well. But we have Devin in the seat now and look forward to many exceptional things as it relates to International.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Donnie and Wes, maybe just a quick one on chicken because I know we've spent quite a bit of time on it on the call. Just help us parse out maybe as we think about sustainability of chicken profitability in 2025. How much in the quarter kind of you attribute to market factors relative kind of to the underlying and not looking for specific numbers, but if it's percentages or however you kind of think about what drove the Q3 over delivery, again, as we try and project that forward into 4Q and 2025?
Wes Morris: Yeah, thanks for the question Peter. As I've said, we had solid improvement in our fundamentals, and we partially offset those by investments. If I had to call the year today, I'd call it 40% performance base, 60% market-based. But if I adjust for the investments, I'd call it around 50-50. But it's important that my team stay focused on sustainable performance and driving value over time regardless of what those market conditions are.
Peter Galbo: Great, no, that's very helpful. Thanks Wes. Curt, maybe, welcome to the call, nice to hear you on the call. I think there's a pretty big bond maturity coming due in the fourth quarter. So maybe you can just talk a bit about how you're thinking about approaching that, I saw the lowered interest expense guidance, but how we should think about that particularly large debt maturity? Thanks very much.
Curt Calaway: Thanks Peter. Yes, you're right. Maybe the best way to handle that is think about our liquidity. And we finished the quarter, right, with about $4.8 billion of liquidity. And that was partially driven by a bond offering that we did earlier this year to effectively prefund that, if you will. So yes, the bond maturity is coming up here in August of $1.25 billion, and we'll look to pay that off this month.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. So a couple of quick ones. Can you -- talking about chicken again, what are the key risks from here, is it as simple as if grain prices go up again, that could put pressure on the business, I'm just wondering where the growth from here comes or whether we're kind of approaching peak at this point? And then I have a follow-up.
Wes Morris: So again, Alexia, thank you for the question. We're laser focused on the fundamentals of our business. Certainly, grains have an impact. Our commercial relationships, we continue to work with some key customers to help stabilize earnings and create win-win solutions with those key customers. So it's -- for me, it's about staying focused on what we do and getting better at it every day.
Donnie King: So if I could add one thing to that Wes has mentioned two or three times, but just to make sure it's clear, that from a mix perspective, Wes and his team are continuing to value up the mix from, let's call it, more commodity-oriented products to more value-added branded across Retail and Food Service.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. And can I just pick up on one word that you used early in the prepared remarks. You talked about collaboration across the businesses improving or being as good as you've seen it. Can you be more specific about what has improved on the collaboration side and how that's manifesting itself in the organization? Thank you and I will pass it on.
Donnie King: Sure. If I look at the team that's sitting around the table here this morning, we have some of the best people in the industry, in their specific discipline. They have a great deal of experience, and they are very passionate and competitive in everything they do. But the mantra that we have here at Tyson is one team, one Tyson, all behind our mission, feeding the world like family. And at the same time, making sure that there's high-quality protein on every table in the world. But the collaboration component of that is a team coming together and really being united around this one Tyson approach.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Palmer with Citi. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. Maybe start out on the prepared foods side. The midpoint of guidance implies profit in 4Q, might not have as big of a seasonal pullback relative to 3Q as it might in a typical year. I know you mentioned this possibility a quarter ago. Could you just give us a reminder as to why this seasonality might not be as pronounced as normal? Thanks.
Curt Calaway: Tom, this is Curt. I'll add a couple of things and then let Melanie add to it. But we are hopefully very clear last quarter where we talked about midpoint of the guidance of $900 million and implying obviously $400 million in the back half, and it would be split relatively even. I'll add to that, right. We -- while we've tightened the guidance range throughout the year, our midpoint has been consistent across the whole year. And specifically as well, our thoughts around Q4 and the profit outlook also were very unchanged and consistent as we've thought about it. But I'll let Melanie add a couple of elements from her perspective.
Melanie Boulden: Yeah, so thanks for the question. And as I think about the future seasonality and Q4, we expect to have a strong Q4 compared to prior years. First, the cost associated with the new capacity and capabilities I touched on earlier, will be significantly reduced as those assets ramp up. This is true both sequentially and versus year ago. Second, the operational excellence initiatives we're driving are accretive. And -- or additive, I should say, meaning the total dollar impact will grow each quarter as we reduce cost and drive out inefficiencies. We also expect to continue strong commercial performance behind our Food Service business. And then finally, I'd also point to our growth in bacon, which is enabled by the successful start-up of our Bowling Green Facility and because of the new capacity and capabilities that we brought online, we're growing and gaining share in bacon. So as I think about Q4 as well as the momentum going into 2025, we're confident in our path forward. And a lot of this is obviously driven by our team that has been working really, really hard and is focused on delivering our goals.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks for that. And then just on an income statement item, SG&A has been trending sequentially lower throughout the year. What's driving this and is there a segment where we would see these reductions being most apparent?
Curt Callaway: Just a couple of comments from me. I think we've had a fairly disciplined approach over this last year relative to our SG&A management. It will feel a little lumpy in a couple of quarters because we've got some higher performance-based compensation impacting each of the quarters. But overall, a very disciplined focus on our cost control spending this year.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: Thank you for your continued interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. 
 [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sean Cornett, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Sean Cornett: Good morning, and welcome to Tyson Foods' Fiscal Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. 
 On today's call, Tyson's President and Chief Executive Officer, Donnie King; and Chief Financial Officer, John R. Tyson, will provide some prepared remarks followed by Q&A. Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart, Group President, Beef, Pork and Chief Supply Chain Officer; Melanie Boulden, Group President, Prepared Foods and Chief Growth Officer; Wes Morris, Group President, Poultry; and Amy Tu, President, International.
 We also have provided a supplemental presentation, which may be referenced on today's call and is available on Tyson's Investor Relations website via the link in our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical periods. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimer on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise noted. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release.  
 Now I'll turn the call over to Donnie. 
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. 
 I'm pleased with our performance in Q2, and I want to thank our team members for their ongoing commitment to driving operational excellence. We've certainly come a long way from where we were a year ago and wouldn't be where we are today without their hard work. Our momentum continues to strengthen, and all of our businesses are running better today than they were last year. Our results this quarter are part of a solid performance in the first half of fiscal 2024 compared to the first half of last year. Adjusted EPS and adjusted operating income are both up nearly 60%, while operating cash flow increased by more than 50% and CapEx decreased by more than 40%. This performance gives us confidence in our improved outlook for the fiscal year and in our long-term future.
 As you saw in our results, tailwinds in Chicken again offset headwinds in Beef as we benefit from our multi-protein portfolio. While we're not immune to the macro environment, we are taking steps to reduce our exposure to commodity markets. We are expanding our offerings in seasoned and marinated meats to value up our portfolio across Beef, Pork and Chicken to provide consumers convenience and new flavor options. Across our brands, we are focusing on meeting the consumers where they are by offering convenient restaurant-quality food options at home.
 We are a leader in protein with some of the most iconic brands in food with offerings that span the value spectrum. This is why our share remains healthy despite a more challenging environment for consumers. We continue to support our brands through efficient marketing, effective innovation and strong partnerships with our customers. We continue to build financial strength by being disciplined in our capital deployment to improve cash flow and position us well to tackle challenges and capture opportunities. We also continue to take bold actions to improve performance and drive long-term value for shareholders, and I remain highly confident in our strategy and optimistic about our future. 
 Now let's delve into an update on market share. At Tyson Foods, we have a broad portfolio of offerings across foodservice and retail at a range of price points to meet consumers where they are, even as they manage through a challenging macro environment. We also have some of the strongest and most iconic brands across food and beverage behind the Tyson, Jimmy Dean and Hillshire Farm names, which allows us to make efficient choices to maintain margin, while strengthening our shelf position. We see this in the strength of our dollar share in our core business lines, which we believe reflects the quality of our share position. Since Q2 of fiscal 2019, we've added 400 basis points of dollar share in our core business lines. 
 While our share is down modestly versus last year as we lap some record performance, we have gained dollar share over each of the past 3 quarters. Our core bacon brands, Wright and Jimmy Dean have contributed to this recent growth. In fact, our dollar share in bacon for Q2 was at a record high level over the past 5 years, and we were the fastest growing in the category during the quarter. I'm excited about our opportunities in bacon and expect our share to continue improving as our new bacon facility that opened in January ramps up. The value proposition of our iconic brands resonate strongly with our consumers, and our market share and household penetration rates remain healthy. We continue to have opportunity to expand the household penetration of our great brands, leaving room for continued share growth over the long run.
 Moving on to the segment performance, starting with Prepared Foods. Consumers' focus on value continues to impact our retail volumes. However, our share remains healthy. And as I mentioned, we are gaining dollar share in bacon. Our volumes outside of retail continue gaining traction as we strive to grow this business with a focus on customer diversification and margin-accretive channels. Operational efficiencies and lower raw material costs drove solid profitability both in Q2 and the first half of fiscal '24. 
 In Chicken, the momentum established in the second half of fiscal '23 continued in Q2. In fact, versus the second quarter of last year, AOI increased more than $325 million. While we are benefiting from better market conditions, including lower grain costs, our bold actions and focus on the fundamentals are also evident in our results. We have made progress across the value chain. Our live operations are substantially better. We've improved yield, labor efficiencies and utilization in our plants. Our demand planning and customer service have also taken significant steps forward. When our live operations are running well and our demand plan is more accurate, we can operate more efficiently and better service our customers. In summary, our focus on getting back to the basics in Chicken is working. 
 As you all know, in Beef, limited cattle supplies led to spread compression. Despite some quarterly volatility reflecting market conditions, our results for the first half of fiscal year have come in as we expected. Our goal remains to offset some of the challenges of a tight cattle supply environment by focusing on the controllables, such as labor utilization and managing mix to meet customer and consumer demand.
 Turning to Pork. Better spreads and ongoing operational execution led to improved profitability in the quarter in the first half of the year. As you may have seen, we made the difficult decision to close one of our pork facilities. This is part of our efforts to optimize our footprint and improve performance by reallocating resources to nearby more efficient plants, while improving mix and better serving our customers.  
 Now let me take a step back and talk about our recent corporate rebranding initiative. We launched a new corporate logo earlier this year that captures our One Team, One Tyson Spirit. It encompasses our differentiated capabilities and scale and our diverse portfolio across channels, categories and eating occasions. Our Tyson Foods corporate logo represents our company's legacy and our team's purpose, which is to feed the world like family. 
 Our approach to driving long-term value hasn't changed and is built on a core of 3 key pillars. First, we are fortifying our foundation of core proteins. We strive to be best-in-class operators while continuing to look for ways to value up our portfolio. Second, we are building our brands by delivering innovation for new occasions, categories and channels to better serve consumers. Today, we have 3 of the top 10 protein brands with room to expand our household penetration. Brands are our best opportunity to drive faster growth, higher margins and stronger returns. Third, we're growing globally. Our international business grew revenue eightfold to $2.5 billion over the 5 years through fiscal '23. 
 We expect to drive profitable growth over time by capturing expanding consumer markets, particularly in Asia, and we believe we are well positioned to win. These strategic pillars are supported by key enablers of operational excellence, customer and consumer obsession, along with data and digital. A key element of operational excellence is to gain enterprise scale and unlock savings in our controllables by modernizing our operations and driving performance to standards. We win with our customers by building long-term partnerships and delivering top-tier experiences. We enrich consumers' lives by creating best-in-class marketing and innovation. Finally, we continue to build our digital capabilities utilizing data, automation and AI tech for better decision-making and outcomes.  
 Before I hand it over to John to review our financial performance, let me remind you of our priorities this year, where we focused on controlling the controllables. Our results for the first half of the year clearly shows that we are controlling our CapEx and working capital to drive strong cash flow. Another priority is to optimize our footprint and network. We've closed the last of the 6 chicken facilities that we announced in 2023, along with the 2 case-ready beef facilities. And as mentioned earlier, we are closing one of our pork plants. 
 We're also focused on operational excellence by restoring performance in Chicken, strengthening Prepared Foods, managing Beef through a difficult cattle cycle and driving efficiencies in Pork. As you have seen in our results so far this year, we are making tangible progress in all these areas. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to John. 
John Tyson: Thanks, Donnie. I'll start with an overview of our total company results before moving on to our individual segments. Sales in Q2 were essentially in line year-over-year at $13.1 billion as a decrease in Chicken was nearly offset by an increase in Beef. Adjusted operating income increased $341 million year-over-year to $406 million, driven primarily by significant improvement in Chicken profitability. Operational performance and substantially higher AOI led to a $0.66 increase in adjusted EPS, which came in at $0.62 in Q2.  
 Now let's review our segment results, starting with Prepared Foods. In Prepared Foods, Q2 revenue was down slightly year-over-year. Volume growth was led by benefits from the Williams acquisition. The pricing decline reflects the mix impact of the lower contribution from retail. AOI in Q2 was down modestly versus last year. Lower raw material costs and operational efficiencies were more than offset by start-up costs and mix. Despite the decline in AOI, our margin for the first half of the fiscal year remained in the low double digits.  
 Moving to Chicken. Sales in Q2 declined 8.2% year-over-year, primarily due to lower volume. Volume declined 6.1%, driven by lower production as we better aligned our supply to customer demand, while the 2.1% reduction in pricing was due in part to the pass-through of lower input costs. Despite the decline in sales, AOI increased $326 million year-over-year to $160 million. The benefits of our strategic actions and the substantial operational improvements we've executed since last year are clear. Market conditions, including lower input costs, net of pass-through pricing and a better supply-demand balance were also key contributors to improved profitability. The current quarter results include a $55 million derivative loss compared to a $35 million loss in the year ago quarter. As a reminder, our grain hedging program is part of an overarching risk management strategy and not a speculative tool.  
 In our Beef segment, revenue was up 7.3% year-over-year in Q2, with both volume and pricing increases. The 2.8% increase in volume was primarily driven by higher average carcass weights, while pricing increased 4.5%. While revenue increased, AOI decreased versus last year, primarily reflecting compressed spreads as expected. This more than offset continued progress on our operational efficiencies, including better labor utilization and better management of product mix to meet customer and consumer demand.  
 Moving to Pork. Q2 revenue increased 4.6%, driven by volume growth and higher pricing. Volume growth of 2.9% was led by more plentiful hog supply. Pricing improved due to healthy global demand. AOI also increased year-over-year going from a loss of $31 million last year to a profit of $33 million this year in Q2, benefiting primarily from improved spreads and better operational execution. Year-to-date, pork AOI has improved $151 million. 
 Finally, our International Business continues to make progress towards stronger profitability. AOI increased versus last year as we begin to lap some of the start-up costs of our newer facilities and continue to focus on operational execution. 
 Shifting to our financial position and capital allocation. Year-to-date showcased strong operating cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion as we continue to manage working capital. We remain very disciplined with CapEx, which came in at $621 million for the first half. The $267 million in CapEx for Q2 was the lowest quarterly spend in several years and represents the fifth quarter in a row of sequential decline as we lap our elevated CapEx from the previous 2 fiscal years and focus on controlling where and when we deploy capital. Year-to-date, free cash flow of $556 million, increased nearly $900 million versus the first half of last year and was more than $200 million ahead of our year-to-date dividend payments.
 Our balance sheet management approach remains unchanged as we are committed to building financial strength, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders, while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and returning net leverage to at or below 2x net debt to EBITDA. Our net leverage again declined sequentially, coming in at 3.6x in Q2, driven by improving last 12 months EBITDA, and we expect it to continue to improve for the balance of the year. 
 We ended Q2 with $4.4 billion of liquidity. As you may have seen from our press release in March, we successfully raised $1.5 billion in new senior notes, and we paid down a portion of our term loans. We plan to use the remaining proceeds to retire our outstanding notes coming due this August. We remain committed to maintaining a disciplined yet opportunistic capital allocation strategy, ensuring that we deploy resources to maximize long-term shareholder value.
 Now let's take a look at our updated outlook for fiscal 2024. We are reiterating our overall sales guidance to be roughly flat year-over-year. However, given our strong year-to-date results, we are raising our AOI guidance driven primarily by an improved outlook for Chicken. For the total company, we now expect between $1.4 billion and $1.8 billion of operating income. 
 Moving to the segments. In Chicken, given the strong start in the first half of the year, we continue to believe that there are more tailwinds than headwinds. We are raising our AOI guidance range to be between $700 million and $900 million. Prepared Foods also had a solid first half. In this segment, we are tightening our AOI outlook to be between $850 million and $950 million, indicating a weaker second half of the year, which reflects typical seasonality. In Beef, the first half of fiscal 2024 has progressed in line with our expectations. However, uncertainties remain, including the progression of the cattle cycle, and we now expect our full year AOI to be between a loss of $400 million and a loss of $100 million. In Pork, we've seen solid first half performance and are raising our guidance to be between $50 million and $150 million. 
 To add some color to the shape of the rest of the year, uncertainties remain around consumer strength and behavior, the progression of the cattle cycle and key commodity costs. When we factor in these variables with Pork and Prepared Foods seasonality, there are reasons to believe that Q3 could be weaker than Q4. To round out the key P&L items, we anticipate interest expense to be roughly $400 million and our tax rate to now be approximately 24%.  
 Turning to CapEx. We're maintaining tight controls on spending in line with profitability and cash flow, and we are narrowing our CapEx range to be between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion this year. And finally, on free cash flow, we're committed to managing working capital and CapEx and we're even more confident now that we can fully fund our dividend this year through our free cash flow generation.
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Donnie to wrap up before we move to Q&A. 
Donnie King: Thanks, John. Before we get to your questions, I'd like to thank our 139,000 team members, who worked tirelessly to feed the world like family and fulfill our mission to bring high-quality food to every table in the world. It is the strength of our team that secures our position as a world-class food company and a recognized leader in protein. Together, we delivered a solid first half, we still have more work to do and believe we have the strategy in place to continue our progress and deliver long-term shareholder value.
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions. 
Sean Cornett: Thanks, Donnie. We will now move to your questions. Please recall our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. 
Peter Galbo: Donnie, maybe just to start, you typically gave, I think, kind of an update on the state of the business and things have improved to your -- sequentially at least pretty dramatically. I guess just curious a little bit on 2 things. One, kind of are you happy now with kind of the state of the portfolio and the state of plant closures and asset rationalization? And then secondly, just trying to understand the commentary around Q3 weaker than Q4 seasonally in light of what you've been saying that, that would run kind of counter to what has been the case seasonally for the past, I don't know, 5 or 6 years. So maybe if you can just unpack those 2 areas would be helpful. 
Donnie King: Thanks, Peter, and I appreciate everyone for being on this morning. Your first part of your question is essentially am I satisfied? I'm encouraged, I would -- I'd stop short of saying satisfied in terms of the results. I'm proud of the results that we delivered in Q2, and we're seeing the benefits of our diverse portfolio across proteins, channels, categories and eating occasions, where we saw Chicken and Pork are offsetting the headwinds in Beef. In our Q2, our momentum continues to strengthen on all of our businesses, and they're running better today than they were last year. 
 We've come a long way from where we were a year ago, and my thanks to all of our team members for continued improvement in execution. We're executing against the priorities we laid out for fiscal '24. We are controlling the controllables. We're optimizing our network. We remain focused on operational excellence. We've taken bold actions to drive performance and to build financial strength. We're delivering meaningful results compared to the first half of last year in profitability, cash flow, CapEx in line with historical rates. Our performance has given us confidence to raise our guidance, while acknowledging uncertainties remain, and we have much work to do.  
 In terms of your specific question around Prepared, let me make a few comments, and then I'll pass it over to Melanie to add some detail. Our results were in line with our expectations. Our brands are strong and our share remains healthy. Persistent inflation is weighing on our bifurcated consumer. Our strategy is to meet the consumer where they are with offerings at various price points. 
 In terms of more details, let me flip it over to Melanie to add a little color to your questions. 
Melanie Boulden: So Peter, I think you were asking specifically about our projections for Q3 as well as the rest of the full year. And so I'll just talk specifically about Prepared Foods and let any of the other leaders chime in. So the first half of the year, Prepared Foods delivered $500 million in AOI and you also know that profit delivery in the second half of the year has historically been lower than the first half, and we expect this year to be the same. So therefore, the midpoint of our second half guidance is $400 million. And I also want to point out that historically, Q3 has performed better than Q4, but we're seeing higher commodity costs in Q3, so we expect a pretty even split between the 2 quarters. 
Peter Galbo: Great. Melanie, that's very helpful. Yes, we've gotten certainly a number of questions on that. So thank you for the context. And then Donnie, maybe just as a follow-up. Look, we've had a number of companies this quarter, both in the CPG industry and in restaurants. Just kind of comment on the state of the consumer and low-income consumer. I know that was in some of your prepared remarks, but curious if you could dive a little bit deeper on just your view on food service and some of the channels that you service there. Just any commentary around quick service, casual dining and noncommercial would be helpful. 
Donnie King: Melanie, why don't you answer that? 
Melanie Boulden: Yes, happy to. So Peter, in both retail and foodservice, as you know, the consumer is under pressure, especially the lower income households. And in retail, we're seeing roughly 20% cumulative inflation over the last 3 years. Now the inflation impact, coupled with historically low savings rate has created a more cautious price-sensitive consumer. And we're also seeing a cautious consumer prioritized essential staples over discretionary categories. Now that said, we're advantaged, in that our protein categories enjoy lower levels of elasticity compared to the broader consumer landscape. And in retail, we're experiencing -- well, I should say, but in retail, we are experiencing a little slippage to private label with lower income households. However, our share remains strong with growth in bacon, snacking and sausage. 
 Now in foodservice, where you specifically noted, we continue to deliver solid performance. but we are seeing shifts from fine dining into QSR. We're also seeing QSR slippage to more meals being consumed at home. But for Tyson, we're advantaged as we serve both in home and away-from-home consumers. The key point, I guess I'd like you to take away from all of this is that we've intentionally built the portfolio diversified across strong brands spanning multiple protein offerings and value tiers, and our scale allows consumers to find our products in multiple places throughout retail and foodservice channels. And this allows us to deliver on our goal of meeting our consumers where they're at, across a variety of value spectrum. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. 
Benjamin Theurer: Congrats on those very outstanding results. Just wanted to dig a little bit into the dynamics in Chicken that you've seen and kind of unpack a little bit the volume performance on the production side. Can you help us to kind of frame it a little bit more? Is it lower head? Is it lower weight? Is it a combination of it? What have you done differently in terms of like adjusting your operations to kind of have those sales down, but at the same time, with a very nice profit spread. And that would be my first question and a quick follow-up. 
Donnie King: I think I caught all the questions. Let me start out here was -- if I heard correctly, it was a kind of a supply question and then let me talk about that, and I will flip it to Wes to add some very specific details. But in terms of chicken supply, if you look at the publicly available data, USDA has projected chicken supply increased about 1% in 2024. But if you look at the data underneath it, there are some things that you need to get from this. This is a livability and hatchability story for the industry. If you look, pull it and [ hen ] mortality continues to be elevated. Broiler mortality continues to be elevated. Hatchability continues to be 3% to 5% below historical rates. 
 So the net of all that is this. There will be fewer live pounds delivered to the processing plant than forecast. So if I look at that, I believe the supply will be lower than 1% projected by USDA. The other thing I would say with that is this is not a short-term fix. If you remember, we have a genetics company as well. And we've seen some of this activity as well. So this is -- can be a little bit of a longer-term issue. So you ask -- you didn't ask, but I would tell you, at least from our perspective, genetic selection over the last several years have been skewed towards broader characteristics like yield and feed conversion. There has been some impact -- the cumulative impact from no antibiotics ever across the supply chain. 
 And there's some, I won't say, new disease, but the disease persists, creating mortality in the broiler. There's a new one -- or new to me called Avian metapneumonia virus that's out there. Laryngotracheitis, or LT, is out there today, and there are other things. But I think the supply could be -- will be less than 1% based on the data points I'm looking at and from flat to 0.5% or something along that order. 
 Let me flip it to Wes and let him talk about our supply and see if that answers your question. 
Wes Morris: Yes, Ben, we certainly see the USDA numbers projecting up 1%, but we're seeing the egg sets up, but slaughter pounds relatively flat. Now the good news is I'm very proud of our live performance. We hashed [ 82 34 ] in the quarter, livability is up 50 points year-over-year. And so looking at our live performance and then our S&OP process, our supply-demand group, we're in a good position for the back half of the year to stay balanced, to take care of our customers, and I'm very pleased with our live and supply-demand planning group. 
 Specifically to Q2 volume, our volume is solid. It's consistent with Q1 and our expectations. Just as a reminder, 2023 is a challenging comparison period. Our pricing is solid. Just as a reminder, we lag a quarter to a quarter plus. And then the other dynamic unique to us is we have quite a few grain-based models that pull pricing down, but it does stabilize our margin. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then just a quick follow-up on Beef in terms of like what you're seeing on the industry. Have you seen any signs of heifer retention to just what you like getting on the ground to get a better feel on how bad it is still going to get until it might get better? A little bit of the premium maybe into '25. 
Brady Stewart: Sure, Ben. This is Brady. And thanks for the question. And first of all, I guess, really at a high level, we haven't seen anything relative to any of the industry numbers that have been published that really indicate that true meaningful heifer retention has begun. And so at this point, we can potentially anticipate retention beginning in the fall, but there's some caveats to that. And certainly, as we shift from an El Nino weather pattern to a La Nina, the pasture conditions are extremely important to heifer retention. And there's a potential we could see some drier conditions as well persist. We'll continue to monitor that along with additional metrics around heifer retention and the percentage of heifer that move into slaughter. 
 And then lastly, one of the promising signs would be we have seen a meaningful decline of the number of cows that are going to slaughter, down double digits from '22 and '23, both and so really, we find ourselves what looks like in the midst of a transition pattern, and we'll continue to monitor to understand the timing of that as we move forward. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. 
Thomas Palmer: Maybe start off on the Chicken side, at least relative to consensus estimates, the guidance boost would seem to indicate more than just upside in the quarter. So maybe talk on the components that are driving that increased outlook for the second half of the year? I mean it does seem, obviously, like feed is favorable. It seems like the pricing environment it's getting better. And then you've had positive commentary on productivity. So just any help on kind of how much those items are helping, if there are other items to consider? And any quantification, of course, would be appreciated. 
Donnie King: Sure. Let me start off, and I will let Wes add a little color to this as well. But one of the things I got to point out is that the focus on the fundamentals that Wes and our Chicken team have had over the past year actually is quite impressive, and that's a result of some of this. I would point out this that there have been some market tailwinds that as far as Chicken is concerned. But of the $325 million that were better year-over-year, more than half of that came from execution type things, such as the footprint and network as well as some of the other tougher decisions that we made. 
 And with that, Wes, why don't you cover some of the more specifics around the program. 
Wes Morris: Yes, sure. We're certainly focused on controlling the controllables, and Donnie talked about live operational performance, which includes our network changes. And then probably the biggest change is making sure that we match our supply and demand. We've talked about the lives being better. Our plant performance and network optimization is right on target. Our capacity utilization continues to improve sequentially. We've improved our order fill rate while actually lowering our working capital over $400 million, driven almost exclusively by inventory. Demand solid and '23 is not a very good comp. 
 Let me add a little more color to valuing up and our path forward. And so we have our new start-up plant in Danville. It is currently single shifted, and I expect due to demand will be double shifted by the beginning of '25. And so we are running a fundamentally stronger Chicken business. We've got strong [ BU ] leadership in place and strong future growth plans. So specific to your question, Q1, Q3 are typically our strongest quarters. So good balance front half and back half, grains have moderated, but are still higher than pre-COVID levels. We continue to watch the total protein availability. Obviously, spring and summer are better growing conditions so that should increase some volumes in the industry. 
 We're also paying real close attention to the consumer behavior and how that may shift our mix. But we will be doing quite a bit of investing in the back half of the year, and our value-added business, where we have a #1 share in both retail and foodservice. And as I said earlier, we're ramping up Danville well ahead of schedule. If I could, I'd like to just reiterate something that to make it really clear in our Chicken business. Our strategy is very simple. It's live performance, excellence in live performance, it's operational execution and matching supply and demand. It's that simple. 
Thomas Palmer: Right And then maybe a quicker one on Pork. Just with the costs falling, are you seeing any signs that the industry in terms of hog supply making better profits and might start ramping up supply at all or still a bit too early? 
Brady Stewart: Thanks for the question, Tom. Certainly, the compression we've seen on some of the feed stuff has helped move some numbers back to profitability within the industry from a Pork production standpoint, which is certainly good news for our producer partners as well. What we've seen consistently for the last year, which is of importance is we've seen genetic improvement across the entire industry, leading to additional pigs per liter. And when you compound that with the fact that we've seen over the last 10 years, probably the best year relative to true industry herd health. We're seeing ample supply as we move forward as well. 
 So I'd be speculating if we commented on any potential expansion. But certainly, the environment is set up in a much better position versus last year. But let me be clear, when we look at our business, we really focused on the controllables and have seen good improvements from our Pork business through the first half of the year relative to operational excellence, relative to yields within our assets and relative to our mix management conversions as well. That's really coupled with the fact that we have plenty of runway ahead of us to continue to improve and get better, and that's the expectation as we move forward. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Maybe continuing on the discussion on controlling the controllables. Donnie, in response to the last question, you talked about kind of improvements in live operations, operational efficiency, kind of matching supply demand. I would just love to get your view on where the company is today and certainly notably improved versus where you were 12, 18 months ago. But where how much -- where can you get it to? How much kind of cost reduction on a per pound or millions of EBIT dollars, do you think is still kind of attainable, excluding changes in the external market environment in the Chicken business? 
Donnie King: Sure. Let me -- Chicken specifically, but let me start with the -- across the portfolio, just managing working capital and CapEx, driving cash flow and really in support of the dividend. That's still a priority for us and part of the controlling the controllables, optimizing the footprint and network, still a huge priority for us. Restoring Chicken performance is right there at the top and also strengthening our Prepared Foods business, really important to us. 
 And then managing Beef through the cattle cycle. The unknown around that is, once we do see heifer retention, obviously, you were not going to be processing those animals. So what does that do? And we still got that coming our way and then continue to drive efficiencies in ports. As you stated, versus last year, every business is performing better. We had -- we raised the guidance primarily this quarter based on strong chicken performance, but let me acknowledge that there are still some uncertainties out there relative to the consumer and their strength and behavior, and that's still out there. I mentioned the cattle cycle already. Key commodity markets, what is -- there are tailwinds today, but what do they look like beyond our horizon. 
 Pork and Prepared Foods seasonally -- could be seasonally weaker, will be seasonally weaker and then Q3 could be, I say could be weaker than Q4 driven by Prepared and Pork. Chicken. Chicken is -- we're seeing better execution in our Chicken business, and we've seen some time better capacity utilization than we've seen in some time. We're very optimistic in terms of where we are. And we've gone slow in our Chicken business. We've built this thing from the ground up, and we're excited about the momentum that we're seeing relative to that. 
 Wes, do you think about Chicken specifically that I haven't said? 
Wes Morris: Yes, I think I'd say it this way, Adam. In the long term, Tyson is the market leader in the industry, and I would fully expect us to deliver best-in-class results over time regardless of the market conditions, but we still got work to do. 
John Tyson: And Adam, I think -- this is John, just with one final clarifying point. You had a specific question around, can you quantify the operational performance opportunity? I would just say that -- we've got a range of guidance out there. I think that reflects the balance take and the midpoint of that is probably a reasonable place to be for the total company. But we've left things open a little bit on the top side and the high end of all the estimates of the various segments would reflect, at least what we believe to be achievable in our fiscal from an operational improvement opportunity. So I think that's about as much detail as we're intending to provide here. But safe to say, I think we see a lot of opportunities around the portfolio. The guidance reflects what we can get in '24, and we're optimistic about '25 and beyond, too. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. No, that's all very helpful color. And if I could just ask a follow-up on Beef and taking, Brady, some of your comments about kind of uncertainty on if heifer retention has actually begun in earnest across the industry, but if it did, that would further reduce slaughter utilization for a period, while those cattle don't come to market. Again, under the spirit of controlling the controllables, if we actually are entering heifer retention cycle and herd rebuild cycle, can you help quantify the magnitude of controllables and beef that you actually have to mitigate kind of what would be a further drop in volume and throughput that I mean the business is already operating at a loss today. Presumably, that would be a meaningful incremental challenge. So could -- is there a path for the Beef business to make money through the worst of the heifer retention period? 
Brady Stewart: Thanks for the follow-up question there. And we've been pretty consistent with our message over the last few quarters, whereas there is absolutely a variety of expected outcomes here and how we move through relative to supply and pounds. One of the good signs we've seen is we have seen additional weight for carcass. And so that has provided some dilutive effect relative to cost structure, which is one of the concerns as you move through lower supplies, how that translates itself into potentially higher grading cattle is of interest as well, and we'll be monitoring that. But as we looked at the cycle and the potential outcomes of the cycle, we created a strategy that was completely focused on understanding a range of outcomes and how we can provide deliverables within those outcomes as well. 
 And I'd just say we really appreciate and we like the strategy that we have developed, regardless of the range of outcomes on the supply side. We like the progress we have made year-to-date relative to controlling the controllables, which for us is operational excellence and efficiency within our assets, managing our mix and delivering to our customer, and we like the runway in front of us relative to improvements that we can continue to make as we move through what is going to be a range of outcomes through the cycle as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. 
Heather Jones: Congratulations on the quarter. Yes. I had a couple of questions. One on Chicken and one on Beef. And I just want to start on Chicken. I wanted to go back to the volume question. So I understand that Q2 was a more difficult compare than Q1, but it was a pretty substantial volume decline. And you always close the facility, but I think I remember those were going to be consolidated into other plants. So just wondering, is this production decline going to continue going forward? And was it lower outside meat purchases or lower internal production? Just wonder if you could help us how to think about the rest of the year going into '25. 
Donnie King: Sure, Heather. Let me start out and just maybe remind us of last year. In '23, at least the first half of '23 is not a real good comparator. If you look at Q1 of last year, we absolutely missed the demand signal in Q1 of last year, and that carried on into Q2 of last year. And so if you look at volume in Q2 of last year, versus Q2 of this year, you're going to see that it is down and -- but last year was really overstated. Volume growth was, in fact, there, but there was also issues with profitable sales as it relates to Q1 and Q2 last year. So we're beyond that, we've cleaned all of that up, and we're moving forward. We're running a much better business today in our Chicken business. 
 And Wes, do you want to speak to the volumes? 
Wes Morris: Yes, Heather, thank you for your question and asking for clarity. Our volume is in line with our expectations. We are well positioned in supply-demand balance. And we have strong growth plans put in place, and you'll start to see that in the second half. 
Heather Jones: Okay. And then a follow-up on Beef. More recently, beef demand seems to have been more challenged, and I don't know if it's related to the HPAI or what. But anyway, I just wonder if you could give us a sense of how your margins are tracking relative to where they were in Q2. 
Brady Stewart: Yes, Heather, thanks for the question. I would say relative to demand, we've seen a fantastic demand on both the Chicken side and the Pork side relative to retail promotional activity as well. While we've seen fantastic demand being driven by that retail and promotional activity, Beef really has not received much promotional activity at all. And so where in the past, as we move into the summer months, you've seen that activity. We'll be watching for that as we move into Q3 to see if we see additional promos, where retail specifically going to drive the consumer relative to any of the proteins. Luckily for us, we're in good shape on the Pork side, good shape on the Chicken side in terms of meeting that customer in those channels as well. 
Donnie King: So just to maybe cleanup for clarity, I think you may have misspoken on. It is Pork and Chicken, where we are seeing the future activity right now. 
Brady Stewart: That's correct. 
Heather Jones: And so have you seen any -- I know you narrowed your guidance and you took down the up the high end for Beef. I'm just wondering has there been any deterioration in margins relative to Q2, given that you haven't gotten the future activity you normally would have gotten at this time of the year for Beef? 
Brady Stewart: The Beef -- Beef promotion, that's been -- that's really been a calendar '24 story. And again, we'll continue to monitor that as we move through the remainder of the quarter, but we won't provide any additional guidance on Q3 other than what we've provided already. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. 
Ben Bienvenu: So you noted that in the Chicken business, fairly equal contribution in the first half of the fiscal year of the improvement to what we saw last year between operational improvements and market improvements. As you look to the balance of the year, 3Q, 4Q, is it similarly equally split? Or should we see a diminished operational improvement contribution and more of the improvement is predicated on the market having strengthened? 
Donnie King: Well, let me say this in short, Ben, and then Wes can give you the details. As I mentioned in my opening statements, we have made great progress, but I would be -- I would also make sure that you understand that we believe there's still a lot of work to do. Good progress, but much work to do. And so you can define that financially, if you'd like, but we're not where we need to be yet in our Chicken business. 
 But Wes? 
Wes Morris: Yes, Ben, I'd say we certainly got more tailwinds than headwinds, and it's really a function of the volatility of the grain market, what ultimately happens in the supply and chicken markets and then the consumer mindset. And then as I've said a couple of times, we do have some go-forward investments in our value-added business in the back half of the year. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Very good. My second question is related to total company. And in particular, in years past, you all have gone through the exercise of articulating what you think kind of normalized earnings power is for the business and you've provided some clarity by segment. Not asking today what that earnings power is, but maybe when you think you all might be at a place where you can provide that level of clarity at the total enterprise and across the segments, given all the changes that you've made and the operational improvements that you've made progress against? 
John Tyson: Ben, this is John Randall. Let me try to answer that question. So short version, yes. We're not making any adjustments to long-term outlook on normalized ranges today. We plan to do that maybe as we go through the balance of this year and start to look to '25 and kind of give some color around that potentially. But let me take the opportunity just to talk about the shape of the total -- of the rest of the year for the total company and build on some things that have already been said today. 
 So I just want to point out that from a total range standpoint, guidance has come above from midpoint to midpoint $350 million. We think that is reflective of the results year-to-date and some of our optimism for the balance of the year. And there's also a range of outcomes in there. And I think that we've -- despite some of the potential signals we see in Chicken around supply and demand, I think there's more tailwinds and headwinds there. I think going to our prepared segment, although we are experiencing some of the consumer behaviors that we've heard so many other companies talk about. I think we feel really good about our portfolio. And we've gotten questions about food away from home, food at home. We're in a pretty good position to win no matter where consumers are shopping. 
 And I think that you kind of heard us say, hey, Q3 could be softer than Q4. I think I want to just put a point on that, that we see the rest of the year as being fairly balanced, but just with all of the various factors at play and some seasonality in Pork, especially there could be a tweak there, but don't want anyone to overread into that. We don't mean to get so overly precise. There's a lot of factors at play, and I would just emphasize that we're confident about the balance of the year and the midpoint to the guidance we've given. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard: So can I start with Chicken? I seem to remember that the [ ColdSnap ] in January hit production operations somewhat this quarter. Are you able to quantify any of that? How much it hit volumes and profitability for the segment overall? 
John Tyson: Alexia, this is John again. I would say that we typically plan for a little bit of that weather in the quarter. When we talked to you in February, we were pretty early on and had experienced some significant event just at that point, kind of one month in. I would say overall, though, the impacts in the quarter were not so significant that it had a disproportionate impact on earnings. So I think nothing to read into there. 
Alexia Howard: Okay. And then 2 quick things. How much longer do you expect the start-up costs in Prepared Foods to remain a headwind? When does that go away? And then finally, do you have a forecast for where you expect your leverage to end up by fiscal year-end? 
Melanie Boulden: Alex, this is Melanie. And in terms of our start-up costs, we may experience a little bit bleeding over into Q3, but we think the majority of them have hit in Q2. 
John Tyson: And to your second question, Alexia, on leverage, not placing a specific number where we expect to exit the year. But safe to say, we're definitely trending towards lower leverage and 2x or below is the long-term target. But that's as much as we can give right now. 
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. 
Andrew Strelzik: I wanted to go back to the Beef segment outlook. And you've mentioned some uncertainty and ranges of outcomes. I guess I'm just curious what is the environment that would get you to the top end of the Beef profit range versus the bottom end? Is it primarily around whether or not, we get heifer retention and herding rebuilding efforts in the fall, and that's kind of the biggest piece of it or the demand side, I guess, what are the range of outcomes that would get you to the top or bottom end of the range? 
Brady Stewart: Thanks for the question, Andrew. And specifically, we talk a lot about beef demand. We talk a lot about beef cutout pricing as well. But also, we need to factor in the fact that drop as a significant amount of value that falls within the beef supply chain and also our largest cost is relative to live cattle costs as well. And so when you really balance the 2 revenue streams, the cutout pricing and the drop pricing and you take that into account with live cattle and where potentially we could see some live cattle pricing going, that really creates the range of outcomes. It's trying to balance those 3, the 2 revenue and the 1 supply cost perspective when we look at particular guidance and the range of outcomes. 
 But again, we still have plenty to control within Tyson. And we really focus on making sure that we balance the grade of cattle with the demands of the consumer as we move through the cycle as well. We're continuing to see improvements relative to efficiencies and yields. And really, we'll just continue to look at value streams that we can continue to generate to help offset some of these headwinds we have from a margin perspective. 
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question is on the CapEx outlook. And I know last quarter, when it was reduced, you were kind of matching CapEx and the operating profit outlook. And so I guess I'm curious just how we should think about CapEx on a go-forward basis as the profit environment is better, since that hasn't really kept up and maybe there's timing dynamics and you've already mentioned controlling that tightly. But just as the profit dynamics get better, how should we think about the rate at which you might add back to CapEx? Where are the priorities where you might want to add back? Just any color around that on the go forward would be great. 
John Tyson: This is John. Let me take that question. So you are right in that we had talked in the past about being responsive to the operating environment and managing cash flows. I would tell you that, first off, we feel good about our free cash flow projection for the year in terms of being in excess of covering our dividend, so just pointing that out. But I would also tell you that the tighter range on our CapEx today, $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion that's really reflective of us determining what are the needs for the business and where are there opportunities for good investment. What I want you to take away from that is we're not turning on and off this big. It's kind of based on our outlook on profitability, but rather trying to return to a normalized level of spend. 
 And you asked where would be the best opportunities for investment. I think the short answer is that our prepared portfolio and components of our chicken portfolio, where we see the best opportunity for the growing our value-added business, is where we want to continue to invest. And then, of course, we have our ongoing maintenance and repair that's needed. So I think that will probably paint a good picture for you on how we think about capital allocation. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. 
Michael Lavery: You had mentioned that you still have some work to do in chicken and you've touched on that a few ways, but can you just be clear how that does or doesn't apply to your footprint there? Is the supply-demand balance pretty well set? Or is that another piece of the equation that could evolve as well? 
John Tyson: Yes. Thanks for this question. So let me answer it in two ways. I think, first off, on the network moves that we've made up until this point. We anticipate that we have either recovered all or should recover nearly all of that -- all of the volume in chicken and nearly all of the volume related to our pork moves and the other moves. So I think I just want to be clear that when we talk about that rationalization, we're talking about being more efficient, taking cost out and losing none of the business. So I think that, that is a point we're emphasizing. 
 The other part of your question was about chicken specifically, and I think that we even talked last year or a couple of quarters ago about the overall capacity utilization. Safe to say, we still got some headroom in our current footprint and would expect to grow with demand in the more profitable parts of our business. And so I think have a positive outlook based on all of the network moves. 
Donnie King: If I might add one more thing relative to chicken. The back half of the year for chicken, if you look, grains have moderated, the demand for chicken is very strong, and we've built a fundamentally stronger Chicken business. So we're excited about that. We're executing better, and demand is certainly working in our favor. 
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just on international. You've touched on it a couple of times earlier in the prepared remarks. Just how should we think about its margin runway? And what does it take for that to get a ramp-up in profitability? 
Donnie King: Well, thanks for the question on international. And I think it's important to remind this came up a little bit in the CapEx question. But I think we should remember over the last 2-plus years, we've built 12 processing plants around the world. That was part of the driver as it relates to the capital spend, and we're beyond that, and we're moving into filling up those capacities. But we're also lapping -- if you look at the International, we're lapping a ramp-up cost for the 7 facilities outside the United States, and our execution should continue to improve. Our focus short term is operational excellence and capacity utilization as it relates to our International business. 
 Amy, would you like to speak? 
Amy Tu: Thanks for the question, Michael. As Donnie said, we are absolutely focused on delivering the results that is expected of us. So we're focusing on driving operational efficiencies across our plants. We are focused on improving our conversion costs. We're identifying available and open -- available capacity, reviewing our SKUs and delivering the more profitable mix of products, and we're also tightening our spending. So all of these actions are beginning to -- we're beginning to see the results and improve gross margins and AOI delivery. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to the company for any closing remarks. 
Donnie King: Thanks for your continued interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sean Cornett, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sean Cornett: Good morning, and welcome to Tyson Foods' fiscal first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On today's call, Tyson's President and Chief Executive Officer, Donnie King, and Chief Financial Officer, John R. Tyson, will provide some prepared remarks followed by Q&A. Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart, Group President, Beef and Pork and Chief Supply Chain Officer; Melanie Boulden, Group President, Prepared Foods and Chief Growth Officer; Wes Morris, Group President, Poultry; and Amy Tu, President, International. We have also provided a supplemental presentation, which may be referenced on today's call and is available on Tyson's Investor Relations website and via the link in our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that's not related solely to historical periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimers on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. As you may have seen in our press release this morning, fiscal 2024 is off to a good start with solid performance in Q1 giving us confidence in our full-year outlook. The momentum we established in the back half of last year continued in Q1, highlighted by a $175 million improvement in adjusted operating income, a 130 basis points of AOI margin expansion and near doubling of adjusted EPS, all on a sequential basis. As we begin fiscal '24, we're witnessing the benefits of our core multi-protein portfolio. Chicken and Pork are offsetting Beef headwinds, while Prepared Foods continues to generate strong profit dollars and margins. While we can't control the macro environment, our focus on what we can control has been evident in Q1. Our performance reflects a commitment to operational excellence, we are more agile, collaborative, and disciplined business than a year ago, and we have a long runway of opportunities in front of us. I'm proud of our team members' continued efforts to enhance operational performance and want to thank all of them for their high level of engagement and their part in delivering our results in this quarter. We're controlling what we can to drive cash flow as well. Our disciplined approach to CapEx and working capital helped generate strong cash flow in the quarter. Prudent cash deployment is part of our strategy to build financial strength and will position us well when market dynamics turn in our favor. You've seen us take bold actions to improve performance, and everything remains on the table to drive operational excellence and address inefficiencies. Our plan is working, and we're seeing tangible benefits of our efforts as evidenced by improvements in Chicken and Pork. While I'm pleased by the performance in Q1, we still have more work ahead of us, and we're cautiously optimistic and laser-focused on achieving what we set out to do this year. Our brands resonate with consumers, and we're maintaining strong market share despite comparing to our record position last year and some overall category consumption softness in Q1. We will continue to support our brands through innovation, marketing, and strong customer partnerships while meeting consumers where they are. I remain highly confident in our long-term strategy based on a broad portfolio of core proteins and strong brands and I'm optimistic about our future. We're leaving no stone unturned to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Now, let's delve into an update on share position of our branded portfolio. Our Q1 pound share in our core business lines, which include product lines from our iconic brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, State Fair, Aidells, and Ball Park, remains at historically high levels despite a modest decline compared to record share in Q1 last year. In fact, our core business lines have grown pound share by more than 400 basis points since Q1 of 2019. While inflation is easing, consumers are still facing high prices compared to two years ago. However, they are still willing to purchase brands they know and trust, and this is reflected in our share. We're also focused on customer elasticity and balancing with our own cost. We believe our approach is working. The value proposition of our iconic brands resonate strongly with consumers. Over the past year, nearly three out of four US households purchased a Tyson core business line product, and this penetration rate is growing. What gets me even more excited is that our product line with the highest penetration rate is only in about a third of households, leaving us plenty of room for continued growth over the long run. Moving on to segment performance, starting with Prepared Foods. Our foodservice volumes continue gaining traction as we strive to grow this business with a focus on customer diversification and margin accretive channels. Operational efficiencies and lower raw material costs drove strong adjusted operating profits and margins. Our Branded Foods business remains a strategic growth pillar, and we are committed to supporting and growing our brands through innovation, price pack architecture, high ROI marketing support and strong customer partnerships. This is critically important in an economic environment where consumers remain more discerning with their purchasing decisions. In Chicken, the momentum established in the second half of fiscal '23 continued in Q1 with a third consecutive quarter of over $100 million in sequential AOI increase. Operational improvements, including the bold actions we've taken along with improvements in live operations, yield, labor efficiency, and customer service, as well as improving market conditions, were the primary drivers in Q1. In Beef, limited cattle supply led to spread compression as we expected. Roughly half the loss in Q1 was related to an inventory valuation adjustment, which was primarily driven by highly volatile cattle futures. While spreads are expected to remain tight, our goal remains to be best-in-class operators so that we can manage the business as efficiently as possible. We have identified incremental opportunities to improve our execution and help offset some of the challenges from the current cattle cycle. Turning to Pork, better supply drove lower hog cost leading to improving spreads. Our team's focus on operational execution allowed us to capture the benefits of these favorable market dynamics, which resulted in improved profits both on a year-over-year and sequential basis. Before I hand it over to John for a financial review, let's reiterate our priorities for the year. First, we're committed to improving our financial strength and driving cash flow to support our dividend, as demonstrated in Q1. Over the past year, we announced the closure of six of our older, less-efficient plants in chicken and two of our smaller beef case-ready value-added facilities. We're already seeing the benefits of these actions and we'll continue to evaluate opportunities to drive efficiency across our segments. In Chicken, our focus on enhancing our competitiveness continues. In Prepared Foods, we want to build growth momentum behind capacity additions coming online, increase our brand household penetration, and diversify and grow our foodservice business. In Beef, we acknowledge the challenges and will be prepared for multiple outcomes during the current cattle cycle. In Pork, we're gaining momentum in operational execution and are excited for continued improvements. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to discuss our financial results and outlook.
John R. Tyson: Thanks, Donnie. I'll start with an overview of our total company results before moving on to our individual segments. Sales in Q1 grew slightly year-over-year as an increase in Beef revenue was nearly offset by a decrease in Chicken. The decline in adjusted operating profit was driven by lower profitability in Beef, which was partially offset by growth in Chicken and Pork. It's important to note that AOI improved significantly on a sequential basis despite the modest decline versus last year. Adjusted EPS nearly doubled compared to last quarter, highlighting the ongoing improvement in our operational performance. Now, let's review our segment results starting with Prepared Foods. In Prepared Foods, Q1 revenue was flat year-over-year. Volume growth was led by benefits from the Williams acquisition and continued recovery in our foodservice business. Lower pricing primarily reflects the mix impact of the lower contribution from retail. AOI in Q1 was also in-line with last year. Lower raw material costs and operational efficiencies were offset by increased brand support expenses, start-up costs associated with new capacity additions and mix. AOI dollars and margin both increased significantly on a sequential basis due to strong operational performance and great seasonal execution by the team. Moving on to Chicken. Sales in Q1 declined 5.4% year-over-year, primarily driven by the impact of lower commodity protein prices. Volume declined 1.5% due to lower production, which was partially offset by continued sell-through of finished goods inventory. Despite the decline in sales versus last year, AOI more than doubled in Q1, primarily driven by the benefits of our strategic actions and other operational efficiencies. These include lower plant spend, improved yield and better live performance. While input costs were a clear tailwind, these were largely offset by the impact of lower pricing. As Donnie mentioned, this is the third consecutive quarter of more than $100 million of AOI improvement as we were able to pull forward the benefits of closures of inefficient plants in improvements in our live operations. Now moving to Beef. In Beef, revenue increased 6.4% year-over-year in Q1, with lower head throughput more than offset by higher prices per pound. While revenue increased, AOI decreased versus last year, primarily reflecting compressed spreads, as was expected. As Donnie mentioned, in Q1, nearly half of the operating loss was driven by an unfavorable inventory valuation adjustment, which was primarily due to the rapid and significant decline in cattle futures. Moving to Pork, Q1 revenue was down modestly as volume growth was offset by lower pricing. However, AOI increased year-over-year, benefiting primarily from improved spreads driven by lower hog cost as well as better execution. And finally, a brief comment on our International business. AOI improved as we begin to lap some of the start-up cost of our newer facilities and continue to focus on improving execution despite a decline in sales, driven by macroeconomic challenges. Shifting to our financial position and capital allocation. Our commitment to building financial strength, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders, primarily via our dividend, remains unwavering. While market conditions remain challenging, we are laser-focused on disciplined management and deployment our capital resources to drive cash flow. Q1 showcased robust operating cash flow of $1.3 billion, above our expectations, and working capital was a solid source of cash as we continued to manage inventory levels. We were also disciplined with CapEx, which came in at just over $350 million in the quarter, below last year's exit rate. During the quarter, we returned $171 million to shareholders via dividends. Our net leverage declined sequentially, coming below 4 times, driven by our improved profitability and strong cash generation. We ended Q1 with more than $3.7 billion of liquidity. Our balance sheet management approach remains unchanged. We are committed to building financial strength and maintaining our investment-grade credit rating, and returning net leverage to at or below 2 times net debt to EBITDA. We remain committed to maintaining a disciplined yet opportunistic capital allocation strategy, ensuring that we deploy resources to maximize long-term shareholder value. Now, let's take a look at our updated outlook for fiscal 2024. Given the solid results in Q1, we have confidence that our financial performance in 2024 will improve versus last year. However, as it's still early in the new fiscal year and uncertainties remain, especially in our Beef segment, we have made only modest changes to our outlook. Our focus for fiscal 2024 remains to manage the business for profit and cash dollar generation, reflected in our guidance presented in dollar terms rather than margin percentages. With that in mind, we are reiterating our overall sales guidance to be roughly flat year-over-year. Moving to each of the segments. Prepared Foods had a solid start in a seasonally strong period. For the remainder of the year, we expect strong volume results as we continue our momentum in foodservice and see the benefits of our capacity additions. We remain focused on operational efficiencies while we support our brands and anticipate continued start-up costs. Taking all this into account, we're maintaining our AOI guidance to be in the range of $800 million to $1 billion. In Chicken, our operational turnaround is progressing as anticipated. For the remainder of the year, we expect to return to normal seasonality where Q2 is typically a weaker quarter. Given the strong start in Q1 and that we believe that there were more tailwinds than headwinds, we are tightening our AOI guidance range to be between $500 million and $700 million. In Beef, spreads are compressing as expected. However, uncertainty remains around how the cattle cycle will progress. Therefore, we are maintaining our full-year guidance at a loss of $400 million to breakeven. In Pork, on the back of our strong Q1 results, we're now raising our guidance to be between breakeven and $100 million. For the total company AOI, we're maintaining our guidance of between $1 billion and $1.5 billion, reflecting the portfolio nature of our segments. To round out the key P&L items, we anticipate interest expense to be roughly $400 million, and a tax rate to now be between 23% and 24%. Turning to CapEx, we're maintaining tight controls on spending in-line with profitability and cash flow, and we expect CapEx to remain between $1 billion and $1.5 billion this year. Finally, on free cash flow, we're committed to managing working capital and CapEx, and we're even more confident now than we were last quarter that we will generate positive free cash flow for the year. To further help model the shape of the rest of the year, we anticipate more typical seasonality across our business. As a reminder, Q2 is seasonally our weakest quarter for AOI and cash flow, driven by Beef and Chicken. As you may be aware, this January has already been impacted by severe winter weather disrupting operations. And again, we expect start-up costs in Prepared Foods to impact Q2 as well. So, in summary, 2024 is off to a promising start and we're cautiously optimistic on our prospects for the remainder of the year as well as for the long term. Tyson is a leader in the global protein industry. We have strong brands, a broad portfolio of products and a great team, all of which uniquely position us to win in the market. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions.
Sean Cornett: Thanks, John. We will now move on to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Donnie King: Hi, Peter. Good morning.
John R. Tyson: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Donnie, I was just wondering if you could give kind of maybe a brief state of the union, I know you gave some in your prepared remarks, but across the segments. And then maybe specifically, if you could start on Prepared Foods, where unlike a lot of CPG peers, you're showing actual volume growth. Some of that may be acquired, but just some of the dynamics around foodservice there seem to be a pretty important driver. So, if you can unpack that for us would be great.
Donnie King: Sure. Thanks, Peter. I'll start off and maybe I'll have others to weigh in. Let me start off just kind of State of the Union. We had a solid first quarter and we continue to build on the momentum of the back half of 2023. We are seeing the benefits of our portfolio where Chicken and Pork improvements are offsetting challenges in Beef and where our Prepared Foods continues to deliver strong results. We continue to restore performance in our Chicken business. As I said earlier, this was our third consecutive quarter of $100 million of AOI improvement. And this -- our Chicken business remains a top priority of mine. We're managing Beef through the volatility and spread tightening of the cycle. We're making great progress in driving out the inefficiency all across the supply chain in Pork. Prepared Foods is performing to plan. While we have seen softness in the retail channel, our brands have performed well. Core brand share remains near-record levels and we're regaining share in our foodservice business, and I'll talk more about that in a moment. We're cautiously optimistic about FY '24. We have considered our better-than-expected results in this quarter. We've considered our initiatives to improve performance, while also still accounting for the ongoing macro uncertainty. As John said in his opening statement, Q2 is seasonally weaker and our Q2 started off -- has started off with several significant weather events. But, having said all that, taken together, it's still early in the year and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We have a lots of work ahead of us, and we're leaving no stone unturned. We're focused on CapEx and working capital to drive cash flow and support our dividend. We are controlling the controllables and taking necessary action, including right-sizing and modernizing our footprint and network design to drive efficiencies. We are pleased with the quarter and believe we're taking the right steps. We are excited about our future and are focused on creating value for our shareholders. Specifically -- or a little bit more specifically in terms of Prepared Foods, to your question, Peter, we had -- in the quarter, we had strong top- and bottom-line performance in the quarter, with meaningful sequential improvement versus Q4 of '23. If you look at the makeup of the volume, it was driven by a balanced portfolio between retail and foodservice. We're regaining some share lost in the middle of the pandemic that we couldn't support and we also had the acquisition from a volume standpoint of Williams sausage. Our branded core business line remained a key focus, and we have a competitive advantage with volume share near-record levels and 400 basis points above Q1 '19. Let me stop with that. Melanie, anything you would add to what I've said?
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. Donnie, I think you did a great job I'm hitting the highlights. The only thing I'll add for you Peter is, as Donnie said, our foodservice performance was strong, and I believe you asked about this question. Our growth this quarter was up 3% and that was due to customer expansion. Look, as this channel is rebounding, it continues to be an important part of our portfolio that we are focused on because we want to be where our consumers are at. And so, we're diversifying our customer base, we're building digital capabilities to drive demand, and we are focused on profitable growth.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks for all that. And then just maybe quickly as a follow-up on Beef, Donnie. Look, the cattle inventory report out last week seems like maybe we're nearing a bottom or seeing potentially some improvement. But just, what's the conversation like with ranchers at this point? Like what's it going to take to get them to actually start the heifer retention process? Because I think that remains kind of the biggest linchpin in the whole chain and it doesn't seem like we have a lot of clarity there yet. Thanks very much.
Donnie King: Sure. I mean, I'll tell you we look at the same information that I'm sure you've seen and we saw the cattle on feed report that you referenced. Unfortunately, Peter, the data doesn't indicate that heifer retention is taking place and that's obviously one of the signposts we're looking for. In the quarter, we continue to see volatility and spread tightening. We expected that. As we think about our outlook, we continue to project high cattle supplies for the balance of 2024 and even beyond. And let me pause. Brady, do you want to add anything to that?
Brady Stewart: Yeah. Thanks, Donnie. And Peter, that's a great question and one that we continually are studying. I think when you unpack that cattle on feed report, there's a few comments that obviously are lending itself to the numbers that we're seeing, and part of it's relative to some slower turnover that we've seen. We've seen placements for cattle on feed from some of the drought areas as well from a geographical perspective. And as you indicated, which is the spotlight of the conversation is, we have not seen significant heifer retention to-date and continue to see those heifers move into the cattle on feed report. So, continuing to focus on a few factors relative to heifer retention, obviously, how these interest rates that we see today relative to the difference or the delta today versus some of the cycles in the pack -- in the past is a highlight for us to continue to watch. And then, we'll continue to evaluate and understand how weather conditions are changed and lend themselves into a more favorable heifer retention strategy for these ranchers.
Peter Galbo: Thanks very much.
Donnie King: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. So, maybe coming back to Chicken, and John, you gave some color in your prepared remarks, but hoping to expand on a little bit on just the profit drivers in the business in the quarter. There was $170 million of feed tailwind year-on-year, some offset with price. But can you walk through the year-on-year profit bridge in Chicken a little bit more closely? And I guess, apart from seasonality in the fiscal first quarter -- fiscal second quarter, excuse me, the first quarter would imply kind of tracking to at or above the high end of the segment profit guidance for the year. So, just want to make sure we're understanding kind of some of the moving pieces you're looking at for the balance of fiscal '24.
John R. Tyson: Yeah, Adam, thanks for the question. And maybe let me give a few point that will help you shape our '24 outlook compared to '23. I think the first thing to point out is we talked about the network moves, operational performance improvement, we started to realize that, and the adjustment in our guidance range of taking the bottom end up by $100 million, roughly equivalent in-line with where we were ahead of expectations for the balance of the year -- or excuse me, where we were compared to expectations. Then, when I move through the balance of the year, I know one question is sometimes on investors' mind is, "Hey, where is your return on sales guidance? How does that peaking, or not peaking?" We've heard some questions about that. We're not going to return on sales guidance, but there's reasons to believe that our quarter three and quarter four could be around where we delivered the result in Q1, but frankly, it's probably premature to make any strong assertions around that. And then again, Q2, we had weather impacts across all of our segments. Chicken was not immune to that. And so, that's kind of the overall picture that we can give today based on the shape of the year. A couple of other things we're saying, we did talk about a couple of hundred million dollars in improvements on some previous earnings calls, thinking about the benefits we've realized from the network moves. We believe that we have achieved that. We have one facility still going core in Indiana. And when we close out that process, then we'll be nearly finished there. And then, there are some tailwinds from a market standpoint. I think last quarter Donnie was the one who said more tailwinds than headwinds. I think that sentiment prevails. As you know it's not just grain prices, but it is kind of the interplay between that and what chicken markets are doing and what's going on from a supply-demand standpoint to influence things. So, I think overall the $500 million to $700 million range, for a lot of those reasons, is our best estimate today of where we think the year will be. And, yeah, hopefully that gives you a little extra color. Wes, maybe you got something to add in there for Adam.
Wes Morris: Yeah, I had a couple of comments, Adam. We expect to realize our strategic change funding throughout the year. And specifically to your question on year-over-year, both grains and markets were both lower. So, we stayed focused on improving our fundamentals year-over-year, did have a little tailwind, but it's mostly the material change we made in our fundamentals. We improved our live performance, specifically hatch and livability. We have a very disciplined S&OP process that got really tight in Q1, and our sales are not only sold out position, but our forecast accuracy has allowed us to do a better job filling orders with material less working capital.
Adam Samuelson: That's very helpful color. And then just as a follow-up, especially in Chicken and Prepared Foods. Just wondering if you have any views on changes in consumer behavior and how consumer demand elasticity has been evolving as you kind of enter -- as the calendar flipped and how you're thinking about the state of the US consumer over the balance of calendar '24.
Melanie Boulden: Thanks, Adam. So, I'll start first to talk about how we're looking at it from a Prepared Foods perspective and our Branded portfolio. So generally, we're seeing elasticities returning to pre-COVID levels. And as you know, we seek to balance both price and volume growth to maximize the value of our Branded portfolio. But at the end of the day, we do understand the financial uncertainty that our consumers are faced with as inflation remains elevated, which is why we continue to leverage our strong revenue growth management capabilities in support of our brands, and we're prioritizing their health and their profitability when determining our pricing strategy. And additionally, across the board for any of our Branded business, we remain focused on understanding our category dynamics, assessing our competition and, of course, meeting our consumer needs when making pricing decisions.
Wes Morris: Yes, Adam, I'd just add that we're seeing really good dark meat demand. We've seen a reemergence of our wing demand, and we're seeing a slight shift towards foodservice.
Adam Samuelson: All right. That's all really helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks so much. I wanted to ask a little bit about competition on the Prepared Food side. Are there any of your more important categories that you're starting to feel maybe a little incremental pressure in terms of competition, whether it's on the pricing side or however you want to frame it? And I guess, how comfortable are you with your price gaps versus these competitors today just in a general sense?
Donnie King: So, in terms of competition, I mean, regardless of the business, I mean there's -- we have some very strong competitors in every space that we play. And so, I'll leave that there. But I'll give Melanie the opportunity to talk about more specifics in categories. For example, I would just simply say that we saw a strong performance in breakfast sausage and cocktails, and we had some headwinds in our lunch meat and our frozen protein breakfast area. Melanie, do you want to add to that?
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. I would just say, Ken, at the end of the day, this is a challenging consumer environment, and boy, competition is stepping up. We're not only seeing competition step up from branded players, but also private label is a factor. And I think overall, we're doing very well and holding our position. But at the end of the day, we are just focused on our own retail business, in particular, and making sure that we're doing what we have to drive consumption, to address any price gaps and make sure that we are maintaining our leadership position in -- which, as you know, in eight of our 10 categories. So right now, we are focused on making sure that we grow through high ROI merchandising with a strong feature and display at shelf. We're increasing our MAP investment to continue to grow our household penetration. We've got strong innovation on shelf now and also coming, which is going to offer strong engagement with consumers. And very importantly, to address pricing, we're making sure that we're enhancing our price pack architecture offering so we can ensure that we are maximizing our distribution footprint. And we think all these steps together, we're starting to see actions in the marketplace and are confident in our full-year outlook.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that. And then, a follow-up is on Chicken. As we look at some of the export data, and I realize some of the monthly data is a couple of months in arrears usually. But the export data in general in terms of pounds for chicken, they've been a little bit weaker as 2023 anyway, progressed. And yet as we start into 2024, at least according to Urner Barry, leg quarter prices have done pretty well, which might be not what one might expect at first glance is seeing the trade number. So, just curious for a little bit of your thoughts on how to think about like demand for leg quarters, export demand in general. Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Wes Morris: Yeah, I'll take that, Ken. Thanks. We've seen a lot of disruption in the [part] (ph) export side. Specific to leg quarters, freezer stocks are at a really low level and demand seems to be robust enough to clear it at very attractive prices.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Donnie King: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask -- I know, Chicken has gotten a lot of focus, congrats on the quarterly results. John, I wanted to drill down on the 2Q commentary that you provided, recognizing it sounds like there's some operational headwinds and disruptions from weather early in the year. What I'm curious on is if fundamental -- commodity fundamentals continue to improve and grain prices stay low, supply/demand comes into better balance, is that enough positive to offset the temporal operational dynamics that we saw in the second quarter?
John R. Tyson: I think there are reasons to believe why some of that could offset it. But I think it would be -- I think, to quantify exactly what that offset is, we're not really ready to do that. But let's zoom out and talk about the broader year, because I think I just want to hone in on some factors that are at play about why we remain cautious on the Chicken outlook. And it has to do with what's going on in the total protein markets. Beef continues to be volatile. I think we've had predictions about where beef prices and beef markets were going to go, some have held through, some have not. There is projections for more pork to be on the market this year. We've already talked about the consumer today. So, I just want to make sure that we land the message today while there -- we're cautiously optimistic about chicken, there remains a lot of uncertainty and a lot of time left in the year. So, Ben, I think I addressed at least parts of your question. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Ben Bienvenu: That's great. Sorry.
Donnie King: If I could add one thing or a couple of things to that as it relates to Chicken. Those operational improvements that all of us have talked about in Chicken, those continue. And those fundamentals, while we are improved, there's still a lot of work left to do there. And we got a really good team working against those things. But keep that in mind as you are looking at Q2 and the balance of the year as well.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Very good. Thinking about the cash flow statement, John Randal, you guys came into fiscal '24, bringing down your CapEx budget materially. You've sustained the range again this quarter. Is there yet still room to tighten that budget as we move through the year, or do you think that number is more set in stone with potentially improvements coming into 2025?
John R. Tyson: That's a great question. I think there's probably room to tighten it a little bit, but let me kind of talk about the total picture. When we gave guidance in the first quarter, we talked about striving to be free cash flow positive that we would pay attention to our ability to manage the business and working capital as well as our operational results, and that would influence our thinking in terms of the total spend. If you just extrapolate where we are in Q1, that would take you towards a higher end of that $1.5 billion range. But that's really just a product of lot of good projects in flight that we have, our efforts to slow down from the spin that was projected in north of $2 billion in recent years. And I would just say we're not trending to that higher end because, "Hey, we've made some adjustment in our opening up the capital floodgates again," we remain very committed to getting that spend down to the midpoint of our range or below as we move through the balance of this year and next year. So that's what I want you to take away from a CapEx guidance standpoint.
Ben Bienvenu: Great. Thanks so much.
Donnie King: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. My first one is actually on the Pork segment and the outlook there. If I look at the performance in the quarter, and it seems like some solid performance is probably continuing into the second quarter. It doesn't seem like there's much baked into the back part of the year. So I guess, how are you thinking about pork margins from here evolving through the year and kind of the puts and takes as we get into the back part of the year?
Donnie King: Let me start off, and then I will flip it to Brady to talk about Pork. Hog supply drove lower hog costs, leading to improved spreads. We're seeing a number of benefits of better execution in Pork, and we have assembled a really, really strong team in our Pork business led by Kyle Narron. He and his team have really taken out inefficiencies from procurement all the way to the customer, consumer, and very proud of that work. But I would also tell you there's still room for more. And you will probably continue to hear that from us is there's -- every time -- excuse me, every time we turn over a rock, we find something else, but where our moat is one of continual improvement. And Brady, any big nuggets that I have not touched on?
Brady Stewart: No. Thanks, Donnie. And Q1, obviously, is seasonally the strongest quarter of the year. And we'd expect to see some typical seasonality as we move through specifically the latter part of this year as well. The team understands it's their responsibility to control the controllables. And as Donnie indicated, done a really good job of being able to take advantage of some of the spreads we have seen in Q1 and certainly expect those improvements to continue through the course of the year as well. Really seeing some increased operational efficiencies, and the team has done a great job increasing the true business performance through the data and analytics platforms that they've stood up that allow us for better decision-making and really adaptation of some of these market trends in the current conditions.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then, on the Beef side, I guess, when I look at the typical seasonality and I look at kind of the performance in the first quarter and then the commentary around the second quarter, it seems like you would need to have pretty solid improvement in the back part of the year, not to be kind of towards the lower end of that range. I know there's seasonality involved there as well. I guess I'm just curious, can you talk about maybe what would get you to the high and low end of that range? I understand certainly that there's a lot of uncertainty as we move through the year. And then, maybe can you clarify also when we think about the second quarter, are you thinking about sequentially lower off the number that you reported adjusted operating income in the first quarter, or is that kind of once you back out the inventory adjustment? Thanks.
Brady Stewart: Well, thanks for the question. And as you pointed out there, I think it's really important to emphasize what both John and Donnie indicated in the opening remarks, which was, in Q1, we saw that rapid decline in cattle futures and that was the driver for that inventory valuation adjustment, that was roughly $56 million in the first quarter. And really, as we look at the first quarter, obviously, we saw some headwinds relative to some decreased value in the drop. We saw the spread compression. And obviously, with lower supply, not only in Q1, but as we move through the rest of the year, we see that lower opportunity for cost dilution of our overhead structure relative to these volumes. But let me be really clear, we see a path to improvement as well. And from an operational excellence perspective, how we manage the business today versus the past in a different economic cycle is very important. Focus on efficiency, yield and really balancing supply and demand, not only by a cut-by-cut basis and through our grinds complex, but also in terms of yield and efficiency is going to be paramount and important to the team, and they're dialed in on that as well. We've made changes that certainly provide us opportunity in the future as well as we mentioned last quarter. We've right-sized our Beef value-added business really to match our customer needs and what we're seeing from a supply perspective as we move through this. And again, as I've mentioned before, we have a well-capitalized asset base, and believe we're really able to manage through a variety of headwinds and market conditions that we expect to see as we move through this cattle cycle.
Andrew Strelzik: Great. Thank you very much.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer with Bank of America -- excuse me, with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Hi, good morning, Donnie, John. Thanks for taking my question.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Ben Theurer: So, just wanted to kind of understand a little bit some of the dynamics as it relates to the export business, because if I remember right, that used to be some sort of a headwind also in Beef. So, if we look into the details on sales into the international channels, particularly Beef, which kind of contrary to the rest of it, was actually even down in the sales. Could you elaborate a little bit on the dynamics in the export markets as it relates to Beef in particular, but also if you could just mention briefly what you're seeing on exports for Chicken and Pork? That would be my first question. Thank you.
Brady Stewart: Sure. Well, thank you for the question. And I think it's really important to understand, we've really been working within historically high rates from a beef product or cut-out perspective. And when we talk about the arbitrage opportunity between a domestic sale and an export sale, really puts the domestic beef business and industry at a disadvantage right now. We're seeing large supplies from some of our competing countries that are in the southern hemisphere. And they're really on the opposite side of the cycle from we are -- from where we are. And so that's really led to increased opportunity for some of those competing countries and a decreased opportunity for us here in the U.S. However, we have seen strong domestic beef demand has led the -- held these cut-out values at a historically high level as well.
Wes Morris: Yeah. And Ben, this is Wes. I'll touch briefly on Chicken. As I said earlier, parts have been interrupted due to [indiscernible]. And on leg quarters, we're seeing frozen inventory in the US at almost record lows. Our inventory continues to be in check, and the pricing has been very good going forward.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. And then just quickly following up as it relates to the Prepared Foods business. Can you quantify what the Williams sausage volume contribution was? Because I didn't find that. I know it was positive, but if you could quantify that, that would be helpful.
Brady Stewart: Yeah. We haven't broken that out, but it's -- we haven't broken that out specifically, Ben.
Ben Theurer: Okay. That's okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. Maybe I could ask on feed costs. Just how locked in is your exposure this year? And then, when you look at the downward moves over the past few months, does this benefit your current fiscal year? Or if it continues, is this more of a 2025 flow-through? Because it does seem like there's some incremental favorability.
Wes Morris: Yeah, Tom, this is Wes. I'll touch on that. We have a very diverse commodity risk management group. We also have different pricing mechanisms with customers in which some of the grains flow-through through pricing. I would tell you it's moderate and in the back half of the year.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you. And then, I wanted to follow up on the Prepared Food side, maybe going back to Peter Galbo's question just on the new customer wins. Are there particular products that you're seeing these wins greatest in or particular channels within foodservice? Thanks.
Donnie King: Melanie?
Melanie Boulden: So Tom, your question was -- I just want to make sure I'm clear. Are we -- are there particular products where you are seeing more success? Can you just repeat your question for me?
Tom Palmer: Yes. Sorry. Exactly. Just you've noted some -- your growth was driven by some new customer wins. And I was just curious what products were really driving that for you right now within Prepared Foods. Thanks.
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. So, I'd say that when I was talking about the customer expansion, we are making great strides in that area on the foodservice side of the business. And then, I would say, on the retail side of the business, we're seeing strong growth in distribution with our existing customers behind our core business lines, but we're also seeing excitement behind some of our -- a lot of our new innovation. And in particular, I want to highlight our Jimmy Dean Maple Griddle Cake that we launched last year to success, and we are planning in a couple of months to launch an extension of that product item. Does that help, Tom?
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thank you.
Donnie King: Tom, let me add a little more color as it relates to foodservice there. As a reminder to everyone, in the middle of the pandemic, we had some operational issues being able to produce enough product for our customers, and we essentially had to give up some business. And we've been, since the pandemic, trying to go and regain that. But we have a nice diversification between what are the traditionally quick-service restaurants and as well as broad line distribution.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: I want to come back to Chicken and just trying to understand, obviously, the lift in the quarter was cost and margin driven. But when you point to the strategic actions and those benefits, can you help us understand maybe how to think of them kind of longer term? And would this put you at the higher end or above kind of a 5% to 7% margin range? I know you're not wanting to think about margins as how you guide for the year. You gave a little bit of breadcrumbs for the second half. That's all real helpful. But maybe just looking a little further out, is business structurally different enough that under normalized conditions, you would rethink what it's capable of, what its earnings power is longer term?
Donnie King: So, let me start. This is Donnie. Let me start with a couple of points, and then I think John probably has a couple to add. But in terms of being prepared to give guidance, we're not prepared to do that today and talk about that. But what I can tell you is what we're doing as a company. We talked about the third consecutive quarter of over $100 million of AOI improvement. In the midst of that, what I can also tell you is market that's for grain or the meat side, those were largely offsetting one another. So, the improvements are coming from operational improvements, operational excellence both in plants and in live production and really driving out waste from the business. But we also, as we said earlier, we're realizing the benefits from plant closures that in terms of modernizing and right-sizing our footprint. So, we're seeing all of those. But this plan doesn't really is -- I mean, we've modeled the markets as they are today for the balance of the year, but this is all about operational excellence, and being more competitive and being better at what we do, at the same time driving up raw material to a more value-added and branded within the Chicken segment. John?
John R. Tyson: Yeah, Don, it's a nice summary. I think, again, without touching on what the long-term outlook is like, the things I would point out about how the strategic moves we made have a sustaining impact in our business is a couple of things. First, we're just taking cost out of the system while still keeping the same amount of volume with our customers. Over the long run, that means not putting capital into older and more tired assets, rather investing in those assets where we think we could achieve our targeted ROIC number. And then, I think the other thing, too, is we have really, in the last year, refocused our growth to be demand backed and to be in those subcategory within the Chicken segment, where we see favorable trends from a growth and margin standpoint. So, I think with that over the long run, we project to be competing and performing as a best-in-class chicken company from a margin standpoint, and that's how we realize that. I think the other big move that we made, we've seen it in our live performance results this year is the switch from NAE to NAIHM and that provides us for a lot more consistency in order to meet customer demand and expectations from a live standpoint.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. Great. And just a follow-up on Prepared Foods. I understand it's obviously always competitive, and you touched on some of those dynamics. But can you give a sense on promotional levels? Would you say they're normalized again? Do you see increasing activity there? You called out some of the mix headwinds was priced otherwise flat? Or I guess maybe could you dissect the price and mix pieces of that, and just a sense of how the environment looks from a promotional perspective? Is it getting more intense, or does it seem to have stabilized? What's your sense of how that looks?
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. So, this is Melanie. I would say that promotional activity is continuing -- we are continuing to see intense promotional activity. In terms of how we are operating, we have our highest-performing our highest-ROI merchandising initiatives in place to drive our feature and display and choice at shelf, and we are seeing it working. But to your point, competitive activity in this area is strong and we're just focused on controlling our controllables. And in addition to our promotional activity, we're focused on, as I said before, increasing our MAP investment to engage consumers. Again, we've got strong innovation in place, and we're enhancing -- when you asked about price, we're making sure that we enhance our price pack architecture structure to address competitive pricing as well.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning.
John R. Tyson: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So two ones. Firstly, on the financial side. Your leverage has obviously come down, but it sounds as though weather -- there'll be more sequential improvement in operating income next quarter in CBD given the weather issues. Do you expect leverage to continue to come down from here, or could next week -- next quarter be the high point?
John R. Tyson: Yeah. Thanks, Alexia. So, I think two questions in there. The first off is just independent of weather -- I want to make sure we're tracking. Independent of weather, we expect our Q2 to typically be one of the softer quarters from an operating income standpoint. And so then that's exacerbated by weather a little bit. In the long run, we are projecting for leverage to continue to come down. That's driven by a couple of things. One, we're getting more efficient with working capital. We've talked about some inventory clearing in our -- around our segments. Exactly kind of where things happen in the first half of the year, we can say that we would expect to end our fiscal 2024 in a better net leverage position from a ratio standpoint than last year. That's evident also in our pull down on CapEx and what we projected, which is to be a better year from an operating income and EBITDA standpoint than '23. So that's -- we're trending in the right direction, aggressively pursuing that at or around 2 times net leverage ratio. And we would project that we'll get to do that, continue to invest in our business and also support our dividend from a capital allocation standpoint.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, sticking with Prepared Foods, it sounds as though this mix shift into foodservice is obviously a good thing overall, but it is pushing the pricing down and potentially there might be a negative mix shift with margins. Are you able to clarify whether that price pressure will continue in future quarters? And are you able to talk about the margin differential between branded retail and foodservice and private label, which I assume is lower?
Donnie King: Okay. Alexia, this is Don. There are a lot of questions in there. Here's what I can tell you relative to foodservice. And keep this in mind, we've talked about it today because you have seen some volume improvement relative to foodservice. I would remind you that we had given up some business in the middle of pandemic, and the nature of those contracts can be quite lengthy. And we're starting to get back in when those open up and get some volume. We have maintained in Prepared Foods the capacity which produces those products. So, if you think about it from that perspective, this overhead in these assets have been a drag on our business to some degree. We've gotten new volume to put into those assets. So that's one piece of it. We're probably not going to talk about the differential in the margin structure between foodservice and retail. But it's important that we regain that volume in foodservice. But our retail -- our iconic brands in retail continuing to support those and grow those and innovate and do merchandising like Melanie has talked about before, those are all still critical -- mission critical for us.
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. And the only thing, Alexia, I would like to add, because I think Donnie did a nice job of highlighting more of the top-line, but also as we think about our business and our performance, one of the reasons that we were able to deliver a solid quarter and what we plan on continuing to do is focus on our controllables, the things we can control, especially from an operational efficiency standpoint. So, we're really focused on improving our service levels, maximizing our asset utilization by driving down our overhead and increasing our yield and labor efficiencies. And importantly, we're driving automation to improve our supply chain execution. So, from a top-line perspective, yes, your question was about mix, but I just wanted to reiterate that we're also working all levers of the P&L to ensure that we drive strong bottom-line as well.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks.
John R. Tyson: Before Donnie wraps us up, I just want to make sure we land one final point related to our outlook for 2024. And we've had a lot of great discussion this morning about our various segments. We obviously moved the range on Chicken and on Pork. But I just want to highlight our reaffirmation of the total company guidance from $1 billion to $1.5 billion based on a lot of various macro factors and the interplay between all of our segments. I think we have reasons to believe while we could achieve a range of outcomes in that window, the midpoint plus or minus, we designed it that way for a reason, and it feels like a way to think about the total look. And then obviously, as we move through Q2 and through the balance of the year, we'll give any revisions as necessary. But cautiously optimistic, promising start to the year, but still a lot of factors at play around total protein availability, consumer sentiment and the other unpredictable factors that would get us to where we are. So, Donnie, I think with that, I hand it over to you.
Donnie King: Okay. I want to say -- once again, say thank you to all 139,000 of our team members. We're here today and have a good story to tell because of those 139,000 team members who contribute to us each and every day. Their efforts are what makes and what drives this business forward. Our strategy is working. We have the right leadership team in place to deliver, and we're poised to drive long-term opportunity and shareholder value. We've taken some steps in the right direction, but we have a lot of work to do. Thanks for your continued interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-13 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today the event is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Sean Cornett, VP of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Sean Cornett: Good morning, and welcome to Tyson Foods' fiscal fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On today's call, Tyson's President and Chief Executive Officer, Donnie King, and Chief Financial Officer, John R. Tyson will provide some prepared remarks followed by Q&A. Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart Group President, Beef, Pork, and Chief Supply Chain Officer; Melanie Boulden, Group President, Prepared Foods and Chief Growth Officer; Wes Morris, Group President, Poultry; and Amy Tu, President, International. We have also provided a supplemental presentation, which may be referenced on today's call and is available on Tyson's Investor Relations website and via the link in our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the Safe-Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance, that do not relate solely to historical periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimers on Slide 2, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now I'll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. Earlier this morning, we announced our fourth quarter and total fiscal year 2023 results. In Q4, we saw another quarter of sequential improvements in our overall earnings, as we continue to make good progress in improving our performance. And I want to thank our team members for delivering these results in what continues to be a tough macro environment. Consumer demand for protein remains relatively stable and we are well-positioned to meet this demand, giving us confidence in our long-term prospects. Q4 also wraps up an unusual fiscal year for all of our core protein categories were challenged and yet one, where our Branded business delivered solid results, while we continue to see challenging market dynamics, our broader portfolio is set up well for the future. As we anticipated, our results continue to improve sequentially in chicken, with Q4 building on the momentum we gained in Q3 as part of a much better second half of fiscal '23, after a difficult start. Our brands continue to perform well and we grew market share across our core business line, outperforming our peers. This helped our Prepared Foods segment generate solid adjusted operating income in 2023. Market dynamics in beef and pork were challenging this past year, causing spread compression, although for different reasons. Despite these headwinds, our goal remains to be best-in-class operators, so that we can manage these businesses as efficiently as possible. We remain focused on what we can control. One of our priorities is to execute with excellence. Our operations have improved across the business and we have a long runway of opportunities to perform better. Controlling the controllable extends to capital allocation as well, where we will remain disciplined with CapEx and working capital. We continue to execute our multi-point plan focused on efficiency and modernization. You've seen us take bold actions to improve performance and everything remains on the table to drive operational excellence and address inefficiencies. Our plan is working and we are seeing tangible benefits of our efforts to end fiscal 2023. I remain very confident in our long-term strategy and optimistic about our future. Rest assured, we are leaving no stone unturned to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Let's dive into an overview of segment performance by starting with an update on market share. Our brands continue to outpace the broader food and beverage category in volume growth across the retail channel in Q4. Our volume grew, while the overwhelming majority of food and beverage peers saw volume declines. Our core business lines including the iconic retail brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, and Ball Park, saw a Q4 volume growth of 3.2% versus last year, far outpacing our competition. Those four brands also all hold favorite brand status with consumers over our nearest competitor by a wide margin. We continue to show market share leadership in most of the retail categories in which we compete, delivering both pound and dollar share gains across our core business lines. We are accelerating foodservice, where our Focus 6 categories, including value-added chicken, breakfast sausage, dinner sausage, pepperoni pizza toppings, bacon, and Philly Steak outpaced the broad-line industry in volume growth in the quarter both versus last year and sequentially. We have a strong foodservice portfolio and are aligning with key customers as we build momentum for the future. Speaking of winning with customers, we're proud to have made the Top 10 for the second year in a row in the most recent Kantar Power Rankings. In fact, Tyson, finished in the Top 10 in seven of the nine categories they measure, as we continue to focus on meeting customer needs and planning the future together with them. Moving to our segments, beginning with Prepared Foods. As I mentioned, our brands performed well in Q4, in fact, over the last year, nearly three quarter of US households purchased a Tyson core business line product, which is an increase of 90 basis points. While this is impressive across our portfolio, it's worth noting that our product with the highest penetration rate is only in about a third of households, leaving us room for continued growth. This performance in retail health Prepared Foods have a solid year in fiscal '23, with strong growth in AOI. As you know, our Branded Foods business is a strategic growth pillar for the future. We believe it is imperative to support our brands with marketing and advertising. As consumers began to face what could be a more difficult economic environment, we ramped up our math support for our brands in the second half of the year and will continue to do so as we move into fiscal 2024. While the full-year AOI for chicken was a modest loss, our progress toward improved performance continued in Q4, with sequential improvement versus Q3. In fact, this is the second consecutive quarter with more than $100 million in sequential AOI increases. I'm proud of what our team has accomplished over the past six months. Not only did we hold on to the operational enhancements we made in Q3, we made incremental improvements in yield and in our live operations. This allowed us to take advantage of improving market conditions, including lower grain costs, leading to a positive margin to end the year. As we head into the new fiscal year, we expect a better outlook for input costs, while we're seeing the benefits of some of the bold actions we took this year. Coming into fiscal '23, we expect it to be under pressure due to limited cattle supply. This trend held true, as cattle costs appreciated at a faster rate than the wholesale price of boxed pieces, eroding export opportunities due to a strong US dollar and low prices of competing exporters, and ultimately creating a very tight spread scenario. We also expected to see signs of rebuild of the herd to surface as cattle prices moved higher. However, this did not materialize. Until significant heifer retention and subsequent herd rebuilding takes place, we expect challenging supply conditions to remain. In this context, while the timing remains uncertain, we will be prepared by focusing on operational discipline. Moving to pork, as you know in fiscal '23 the industry suffered from supply-and-demand imbalances, which negatively impacted spreads. While we are seeing some signs of improving spreads and lower grain costs, there is still an imbalance between the supply and demand of pork. Our team is focused on running the business as efficiently as possible while continuing to review all the options. We saw significant sequential and year-over-year improvement in AOI in Q4, driven primarily by improving spreads and operational enhancements. Before I turn the call over to John to review our financials and FY '24 guidance, I want to give you my priorities for the coming year. First is improving our financial strength with a focus on cash. I want to emphasize that we will be disciplined and prudent with capital while remaining committed to our dividend as the primary way of returning cash to shareholders. As you saw in our earnings press release this morning, we increased our dividend for the 12th consecutive year. We will continue to evaluate our production footprint and network to drive efficiencies. As you saw, we've made significant changes in chicken by announcing the closure of six of our older, less efficient plants, which we expect to improve our capacity utilization and mix. In a similar move to leverage efficiencies and reduce network redundancies, we also recently made the difficult decision to take two of our smaller fresh meat's case-ready value-added facilities offline. Production from these locations will shift to larger, more efficient plants, and our harvest capacity, sales volume, and importantly, our customers will see no impact. We are reviewing, whether there are similar opportunities across our segments. In chicken, we will remain focused on further enhancing our competitiveness going forward. Prepared Foods was the profit engine for the company last year. We want to sustain and build on ad strength by supporting our brands and driving momentum in food service while being responsive to changes in market conditions. Some of the key focus areas are making better use of our data, shifting more of our MAP support to digital media, and being disciplined with revenue management. In beef, multiple outcomes are possible during the current cattle cycle. We believe we have best-in-class assets and team members and are aligning with the right suppliers and customers, giving us confidence that we'll be prepared for all of them. In pork, we believe we have a bright future ahead of us and are excited about the team we've built that continues to drive operational improvements and synergies with our prepared foods business. As we said before, we're taking a hard look at our cost structure to drive operational excellence. Our ongoing productivity initiatives are focused on things that can be deployed at scale enterprise-wide, including procurement, logistics, and digitalization. These are a few of the initiatives that will make us a fundamentally stronger business as we go forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John R. Tyson: Thank you, Donnie. Let me start with a quick summary of our total company results, and then review our individual segments. Our sales were down year-over-year in Q4 and for fiscal '23, driven by pork and chicken, where we saw a reduction in price per pound. The decline in adjusted operating profit for both periods was driven by lower profitability in beef and chicken. While profit in Q4 was down substantially versus last year, it's important to note that it continued to improve on a sequential basis and adjusted EPS more than doubled compared to Q3. Challenges remain, but we continue to drive efficiencies and improve our operations, and we believe we're headed in the right direction. Now, onto the individual segment results, starting with Prepared Foods. In Prepared Foods, revenue was down modestly in Q4 year-over-year, driven by lower bacon pricing. This lower pricing was offset by volume growth, which highlights the strength of our brands. AOI improved slightly year-over-year, despite lower sales. Our ongoing productivity initiatives and easing inflation offset lower pricing, increased marketing, advertising, and promotional support, and the onset of start-up costs for our new facilities. AOI margin declined sequentially in Q4 due to seasonality, increased brand support, and start-up costs. However, the $151 million of AOI the segment generated is the second-highest Q4 result in the past five years. In the full year, fiscal '23, AOI grew by more than $100 million, representing growth of nearly 14% year-over-year. Now, moving to chicken, sales declined 10% year-over-year in the quarter, driven by lower pricing, reflecting primarily lower commodity protein prices. Volume grew modestly in Q4 versus last year, driven by continued sell-through of finished goods inventory, and this was partially offset by a decline in production. This decrease in production highlights our ongoing focus on balancing supply with our customer's demand. Year-over-year profitability declined primarily due to lower commodity chicken pricing, but this was partially offset by lower input costs and operational efficiencies. On a sequential basis, lower grain cost and productivity enhancements drove another quarter of AOI improvement. In fact, when we compare to Q4 to Q2, chicken AOI increased by more than $240 million. In beef, revenue increased modestly year-over-year in Q4, with lower head throughput offset by higher pricing. Operating profit was down, reflecting compressed spreads, primarily due to higher cattle costs. As we have been discussing all year, beef is likely to continue to face headwinds, including in fiscal '24, as we don't expect the ongoing tightening of cattle supply and spread compression to abate until herd rebuilding is underway. Moving on to pork, revenue was down nearly 7%, driven primarily by lower pricing due to softer global demand. AOI for the quarter was a modest loss, but importantly it increased by more than $40 million year-over-year and by more than $60 million sequentially as spreads improved along with operating performance. Before moving to our capital priorities, it's worth noting that our international business posted solid Q4 and fiscal '23 results, driven by growing penetration across our key markets and channels. We remain focused on market share growth and continued operational excellence, as we ramp up our new facilities. Now to our financial position and capital priorities, where building financial strength, investing in our business, and returning cash to shareholders primarily via our dividend remain the priorities of our capital allocation strategy. As Donnie said earlier, we will remain disciplined and prudent with capital. We came into fiscal '23 with a plan to spend roughly $2.5 billion dollars in CapEx. As you saw, we ended up reducing our spend by $600 million, as we reacted to market conditions driving lower profitability and impacting our operating cash flow. We were also disciplined in managing working capital, which was a source of cash this year. We ended the year with $3 billion of liquidity and net leverage of just over four times. Our balance sheet management approach remains unchanged as we are committed to building financial strength, maintaining our investment grade credit rating, and returning to net leverage of at or below two times net debt to EBITDA. During the year, we returned $670 million to shareholders via dividends and $354 million in share repurchases, primarily to offset dilution. We remain committed to maintaining a disciplined capital allocation strategy, ensuring that we deploy resources to maximize long-term shareholder value. Now, let's review our outlook for fiscal 2024. Fiscal '23 was a challenging year, and we took a hard look at how we managed the business in times like these and how we can better communicate and manage expectations for investors. Our focus for fiscal '24 is to manage the business for profit and cash dollar generation. These are our internal goals and what we want investors to understand. So for this year, as you'll see, we are giving guidance in dollar terms instead of a margin percentage. While there are some top-line uncertainties within the individual protein categories, we expect our overall sales to be approximately in line with fiscal '23. Moving on to the segments, prepared foods has been solid and stable driver of operating cash flow. We expect that to continue in fiscal '24, driven by volume growth, disciplined revenue management, and productivity offset by MAP support for our brands and the start-up costs for our new facilities, as well as risks from changes in consumer behavior. Reflecting these dynamics, our expectations for adjusted operating income is in the range of $800 million to $1 billion. To help navigate any potential shifts in consumer spending and sentiment, we are focused on the most efficient marketing, advertising and promotions that drive the highest ROI and the most effective consumer engagement and demand. To help meet demand in value-added brands and categories, we had previously invested in new capacity and we expect to incur start-up costs in fiscal '24. On to chicken, our operational turnaround in chicken is progressing as we expected. We demonstrated sequential profit improvement in Q3 and again in Q4. We anticipate operational improvements to continue into next year and that along with lower input costs net of pass-through pricing, the segment should generate between $400 million and $700 million of adjusted operating income. Now onto our beef segment, when and how fast meaningful heifer retention will take hold is uncertain at this point, and this influences our outlook for our beef segment in 2024. Multiple outcomes are possible and we will be prepared for all of them to operate as efficiently as we can. Our guidance for this segment is a loss of $400 million to break even for the year, reflecting uncertainty in market dynamics. Now onto our pork segment, where we see momentum in the business. As spreads begin to improve and we continue to execute, we expect AOI to improve versus last year, to roughly break even for fiscal 2024. For the total company, we've given a range of outcomes for each segment, but we expect any outsized weakness or strength in any one area to be balanced by the remainder of the portfolio. In other words, neither the low end nor high end of the range is anticipated to happen simultaneously across all the businesses. As a result, we expect our total company, AOI for fiscal '24 to be between $1.0 billion and $1.5 billion. To further help understand the shape of the year, let me provide some context on the quarterly phasing. While we foresee more typical seasonality in our business for next year, things like start-up costs and prepared foods and rising cattle costs will impact Q1 and Q2, and generally shift profitability to the back half of Fiscal '24. In addition, we are monitoring potential impacts to the consumer of higher interest rates and inflation, which could create some volatility. Now, to round out the key P&L items, we anticipate interest expense to be roughly $400 million for the year and our tax rate to be approximately 23%. We moderated our pace of CapEx in Fiscal '23 in a challenging environment. We ended the year with $375 million of expenditures in Q4, which annualizes to $1.5 billion. As we maintain tight controls in our spending in line with profitability and cash flow, we expect CapEx for the year to be between $1.0 billion and $1.5 billion. While there are a range of possible outcomes for AOI, we expect to manage our working capital and CapEx so that we're free cash flow positive for the year. In summary, while the current operating environment remains difficult, we are making improvements across our operations, and remain optimistic on our long-term prospects. We have great teams, growing demand for our products, and the right portfolio mix to win in the marketplace. Now I'll turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions.
Sean Cornett: Thanks, John. We will now move on to your question. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following. Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess my first question, John, Donnie, I'd love to get a little bit more color as we think about the high and low end of the segment profit ranges in chicken, beef, and prepared foods, specifically, kind of, how do we think about what gets to the high and low end of those ranges? What do we think are the key year-on-year kind of profit drivers increases in chicken and decreases in beef in particular to help kind of narrow the range of kind of company-level outcomes?
Donnie King: Okay. Adam, this is Donnie here. Thanks for the question this morning and thank you for being with us. As we said earlier, 2023 was a very unusual year, one that I've not seen, where all core protein categories were challenged at the same time. And at the same time, our brands continue to perform well, outperforming the broader food and beverage category. The demand for protein remains strong. We're controlling the controllables and we're focused on efficiency, modernization, and cost structure. Over this past year, we've taken bold actions to improve performance. We're managing the business for cash. We also have pulled down our capital spend and if you go back to '22, we spent $2.6 billion, in '23, we pulled that down to $1.9 billion and we're projecting between $1 billion and $1.5 billion in '24. We will continue to return cash to shareholders predominantly through the dividend and we shared that earlier today. We had the 12th consecutive year of increasing dividends. We're winning with customers and consumers. We do have advantage brands and advantage categories and are very proud to be in the Top 10 for the second year in a row with Kantar Power Ranking. We've seen sequential improvement across all the businesses in the second half of '23. We expect fiscal '24 to be better year-over-year in cash flow and profitability. Chicken AOI improving considerably and prepared foods continuing to perform well. In short, our plan is working and delivering tangible results. FY '24 is off to a great start and I could not be more excited about our future. We do have a good plan. We do have the right team, and we are executing at levels I've not seen in a long, long time. And in terms of individual segments, John, do you want to add something to that?
John R. Tyson: Yeah, Adam, I think your question was around what gets you to the high or bottom end of the range in a few different segments. What I can tell you is in chicken, there's a few different things that will influence the profitability in the year. One, I think our plan, we have an aggressive operational improvement plan and so our range reflects some different timing on how we achieve that. We also expect timing benefits from the closures last year to roll through as we get into around the midpoint of the year. And then of course, there's just market movement that we can't necessarily predict, although I think recent market data would show you there's more tailwinds than there are headwinds in our chicken segment. On beef, the width of that range really just reflects the range of outcomes and the spread in that business. Naturally, we would expect that range to tighten as we move through the year. But just to comment on some of the movements in those markets, even Q4 for us that we just finished was better than we anticipated, you know, a quarter ago. So just acknowledging that there's a lot of movement there, and I think then on prepared was the last one you asked about, that'll be driven by execution, consumer demand strength, how we invest our brands, and how they perform. So I think that this range is actually by going to the AOI dollars, we've hopefully for you and all of our investors, kind of tightened up the band of outcomes here, but there is still some natural unpredictability in just how close we can nail the number.
Adam Samuelson: And I think the AOI dollar guidance ranges are definitely appreciated versus the percent. And if I could give -- ask a follow up just on cash flow, so you said free cash flow positive, is that free cash flow positive after dividends or what's the big plugin there would be? How much working capital do you think you can release if given the sales and profit outlook that you have?
Donnie King: Yeah, I think on working capital, the drivers will be pulling down some of the finished goods inventory, but we might give some of that back on inventory just in terms of the cattle prices and kind of what we've got on the balance sheet. As it relates to free cash deposit, we are committed to supporting the dividend for the year. And so we've given a range of CapEx numbers that we would expect to kind of reflect, wherever the AOI and EBITDA is, so that we can be free cash flow positive for the year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, I appreciate it.
Donnie King: Okay. I think to clarify one thing is that would be net of -- that would not include any opportunistic M&A. I think we've always been pretty active in the market, evaluating opportunities. And so we don't have any predictions or news to share there, but just acknowledging that we'll consider things should they come to market during the year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate that color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik from BMO. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Donnie King: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Strelzik: Good morning. I'd like to actually start on the CapEx guidance, please. If you could maybe unpack, how you landed where you did, what the buckets are? I think you previously talked about $1.7 billion, maybe getting as low as $1.5 billion over time. Obviously, this is lower than that. So, what types of things are removed from the plan? How does that shift and where do we go from here?
John R. Tyson: Yeah. I guess, I'll give you three or four data points on how to think about CapEx. Number one, we communicated throughout last year, that we were trending towards a $1.5 billion number, did not mean to make any commitments last year as to when we got there, although we feel as though that's the high watermark this year. And so, I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Q4 was at $370 spend for us and so that would track out to being at the high-end of our range for the year. I think that the other -- the other two things, that are worth pointing out is, number one, we have a lot of capacity expansion projects that are rolling off and finishing up, as we start '24. And then last but not least, if you just think about a normalized investment level in our business, if I were to go back to before we embarked on this period of significant capital investment, [$1.25 billion] (ph) was probably the -- was the average number between I think '17 and '21, so that's just recent history that would support the range that we're sharing today is in line with what we need to invest in our business.
Donnie King: Hey, John, if I might -- if I might add one thing to that, and you referenced some of the larger projects being behind us, I think it's important to remind everyone that in '22, we began to have an outsized capital expense. All of that was in service to making sure we had the capacity necessary to grow our branded portfolio, the value-added chicken, and prepared foods as well. And we've got those Danville, Virginia, we have Bowling Green, Kentucky, and Caryville coming online, plus a number of operations coming online outside the United States.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay, great. That's super helpful. And then a second question, I guess, is maybe, if you think about your footprint today, your capacity utilization across your business, and you've been very, very consistent in terms of saying that you're looking for all the opportunities that are out there and those types of things across the business. So you found some more in chicken that you've talked about. But I guess I'm just curious if you could characterize how you think about your footprint today and how you're evaluating those opportunities. If there's anything beyond chicken that you think might make sense at some point, or maybe not, since we haven't seen that yet, but just curious, as you continue to go down that path? Thank you.
Donnie King: Sure. And as we've said a number of times, and we'll continue to say this, we are evaluating everything, leaving no stone unturned. If you go back and look at what we've announced thus far, the six chicken plants, and then most recently, the two value-added case-ready plants in our beef and pork business, those are typical of what we're looking for. But these are typically older, less efficient, certainly not modern that require a lot of capital expenditure to try to either expand or make efficient. So, we're choosing to move that capacity to another plant. We're not wanting to give up any volume or share, and we're doing that very well. But the other thing that may not be as quite as apparent is because of the efficiency play in all of our core plants, it has enabled us to run lines at rate. It's allowed us to get the labor and yield and throughput on those lines that we need. But that's also been an unlock in our ability to take away some redundant capacity.
Andrew Strelzik: Great. Thanks. I'll pass the line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask first, Tyson in the past has gone back and forth a little bit about providing longer term margin ranges by segment. Now that you're providing EBIT dollars by segment, and I would mirror, I think, Adam's thoughts about appreciating that. Is it possible that at some point in the future, you might consider going back to giving us some kind of longer-term EBIT ranges instead of margin ranges? Or is the goal to kind know, hey, let's see where the business goes, and then maybe that'll be considered? Or is that just kind of off the table at all? I know there's some people that just are always curious what your longer term outlook is at this point, you know, even though visibility is not great right now?
John R. Tyson: Hey, Ken, this is John. And we appreciate the question. I think today we're not backing off of the long-term guidance, that we've got out there, but we're really focused on ‘24. And so, I think the time in the future when is appropriate and reflective of our high confidence on where things are, we will we will give revisions if we deem that to be appropriate or reflective of our outlook, but today we're really just talking about ‘24 and Q4 ‘23.
Ken Goldman: And then just as a quick follow-up. And thank you for that. It was mentioned that you're still, if I can paraphrase maybe kind of reviewing all of your options for your pork business, I was just curious, if there's any further insights you might be able to provide about what those options are and kind of where you are in that progress. Thank you.
Donnie King: Thanks. I'll throw out a couple things and then I'll let Brady step on-top of that. If you look-back in ‘23 supply-demand imbalance, there is a little of that occurring in port as we as we move into ‘24. We talked a lot about controlling the controllable, but here's what I would tell you about that. The team that we've got in-place today in our Pork business is a world-class team delivering best-in class resorts, couldn't be prouder of the work that they've done. But they're also working across the lines with -- as it relates to Prepared Foods and trying to unlock new opportunity. We obviously have more Prepared Foods capacity coming online. Some of the Tyson pork raw-material will be in support of that. But we're looking at each footprint in terms of Capital requirements, how efficient, what it would take to make it modern and upscale it, but then we're looking at network and how to do that. But with that Brady, anything you would add to that.
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Donnie. As Donnie indicated, we've seen improvement and John certainly in his opening remarks, talked about the improvement sequentially quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year in our Pork business. Again, that's driven by two things, one is we did see some moderate improvements relative to the spread and we did see a significant improvement relative to us controlling our controllables. Again, that is a focus on making sure our assets, operating as efficiently as possible. Really focused on our mix and ensuring that we have world-class yields coming out of our assets as well. So when we talk about ‘24, again, we're looking at better than $100 million of improvements year-over-year relative to ’23. We're excited about the team that we have. They continue to really use data and analytics and ID all of the opportunities in the business, they've developed the right strategies for the future. And most importantly, they've executed on continuous improvement in mix efficiency and yields.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to unpack a little bit on Prepared Foods and the guidance for the year. Donnie, just given your commentary and some of your competitors, it seems like there is a step-up in the [map] (ph) spending and some of the promotion and maybe the category -- some of the retail categories are getting more competitive. I just -- I was hoping maybe you could unpack that in the current environment and then kind of reconcile, again, the guidance for the year, typically, you would see a stronger profit contribution from Prepared in the first half versus the second half of the year, and maybe this year, it seems like it might be a bit different. So anything you can do more to get more detail there.
Donnie King: Thank you. Let me say -- make a couple of comments, and I'll turn it over to Melanie. Let me start off by welcoming Melanie Boulden who is our Chief Growth Officer, and she has taken over responsibility for our Prepared Foods and she's on our first call today representing prepared foods. And Melanie, welcome. And let me just lay a little foundation, and I'll let Melanie close the deal. Prepared Foods is a key growth pillar for our future. Our brands continue to perform well, even last year, even in fiscal '23 when we were challenged. We have advantaged brands in advantaged categories. So we like that. But I'll let Melanie talk to you about some of the upside to even Prepared Foods today.
Melanie Boulden: Hi, Peter. So let's first -- you asked about performance and wanting to kind of unpack that, if you will. Let's start with our performance in Q4. It's important to remember that the Prepared Foods business, it has some seasonality aspects that typically resulted in softer margins in Q4 compared with our full year expectations. But despite the seasonality and impact from our start-up costs this past quarter, our margins still remain -- our margins still increased year-over-year in line with our full year expectations. And as John pointed out, this past quarter, we generated -- it's been our second highest Q4 result in the past five years. And so then as I think about the full year, and our outlook for 2024, I have full confidence in the growth proposition of our Prepared Foods business. As we think about fiscal year 2024, we are driving profits behind disciplined revenue growth management and price pack architecture capabilities as well as we have strong operational improvement initiatives planned. And yes, to your point about that, we are investing for the future behind our business with increased math but we're also investing behind new highly automated industry-leading production facilities to increase our capabilities in service to meet our growing demand. But I do want to say, though, as I think about 2024, it's also important to note, just like we had in Q4, we still have some start-up costs in Q1 for our new facilities, and that's probably going to impact our profit.
John R. Tyson: And Peter, if I can add one thing. Just to answer your question, we did not mean to indicate that the seasonality in Prepared would be meaningfully different than from prior years.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. Thanks, Melanie and John. And then Donnie, maybe just -- and I know we have Brady on the call as well, but a two-parter on Beef, I mean, it seems like you missed the window or the industry missed the window on kind of heifer retention for last year. Is that pushing out now another six to 12 months prior on beef cycle recovery versus kind of what you thought previously? And then -- the second piece would be, obviously, you're consolidating some of the case-ready operations that you announced last week. Historically, that was supposed to be a pretty big value driver in margining up the beef business over time. And just I want to make sure that, that's still kind of core to the strategy. And again, removing those plants or shuttering those plants doesn't kind of knock that off the rail. Thanks guys.
Brady Stewart: Well, thanks for the follow-up there, Peter, this is Brady. And first, touching on the question relative to heifer retention. And I think a lot of industry analysts have continued to go back to where we saw diminished supplies almost a decade ago relative to the beef cycle. And certainly, the cattle on feed number relative to heifer as a percentage is extremely high. And we'll continue to monitor that. USDA indicated it was the largest on record for October. And so I think what we are looking at relative to the shape of the future certainly is maybe more of a U-shaped curve on the bottom end relative to supply as opposed to the V-shape we saw back almost a decade ago as well. So we will continue to monitor heifer retention and cows relative to production capabilities and supply and really prepare for the variety of outcomes to go. We've got a solution for really those variety of potential outcomes. Relative to our case-ready assets, I think there's a few key focus areas here. Number one is we did not lose any true capacity relative to our customers. All of our customers that we currently service today will be serviced in the future. We had redundant capacity. And so this just really allows us to continue to service our current customers, and we still have opportunity to grow into the future, but we're able to do that in a much more effective cost structure as well. So still a focus for Tyson is to get as close to our customers as we can relative to our value-added proposition.
Donnie King: So if I could add a couple of things to that as well. I think it's important that when you're evaluating beef that you evaluated across the entire cycle, which is approximately 10 years. And I will tell you and this thing moves kind of quickly. But a year ago, I was testifying before Congress with some of my peers because Beef was making so much money. And today, we're talking about what it looks like on the downside. So my message there, and I have to tell myself this as well, is that you have to look at it across the cycle, and we do that. But a couple of other things that, again, I would just reiterate, don't miss the fact that we have redundant capacity and are able to shutter that, that don't miss the fact that we got better at what we do and every aspect of the operational component. And so we did. But we continue to evaluate all options, but something that Brady would never say, but I'll say because he won't that we have best-in-class assets. We have best-in-class team members. We have -- we are aligned with the right suppliers, and we have great -- we have all the great customers that you would want to service. So we have a number of things that are lined up against -- or lined up the right way for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Bienvenu: Yeah. Thank you, good morning. John, a follow-up on a comment that you made around the Chicken guidance for next year. You noted the operational improvements you expect to make and I think the variability from the bottom end of the range for next year to the top end is subject to the pace of that progress. But you also made a comment about the market conditions that we can all see improving, is improved market conditions a variable that you're considering in guidance for next year for FY '24 in chicken?
John R. Tyson: Yes, Ben. The answer to that question is, we do factor in some range of market conditions, although I would say in the band of our year-over-year improvement, it's probably about two thirds of that is what we're seeing from operations and one third of that year-over-year improvement has to do with some favorable grain prices and chicken market prices is how we think about that. And then I described earlier, obviously, how we get to the different outcome within the range. Wes is here with me, and maybe I can invite you just color a little bit more on the year, Wes.
Wes Morris: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ben. As John said, I classify it -- one-third of our improvements will be baked around markets, so grains, net of meat values, two-thirds driven by our fundamental improvements. And I'll give you some examples. Nice improvement in Q4 in our live production led by livability, fee conversion and hatch. Our capacity and our yields were both up, while turnover and absenteeism were down. Our service was up materially year-over-year, and we did it with $84 million less finished inventory pounds. And so trending in the right direction. We also have a very disciplined supply demand balance process in place. And so balance and supply demand and capacity to maximize profits while servicing customers. And so we're on track, improving our fundamentals, servicing customers and shifting our mix to drive profitability. But I agree with John, one-third markets, two-thirds performance.
Ben Bienvenu: Very, very helpful. Thank you. My second question is a follow-up question on the balance sheet for next year. As it relates to the $400 million of net interest expense in 2024, John, does that include the refinancing of the $1.25 billion of debt you have maturing in August? And/or is there something else that you guys might consider either downsizing that debt or something else to manage the balance sheet as you think about maturities in 2024?
John R. Tyson: Yeah. So we'd be projecting to refinance any upcoming maturities. I think we also have a term loan that we executed earlier this year to draw in November. And so just the rebalancing of the portfolio and the combination of the fixed and floating is where you see the rate -- the total interest expense tick up year-over-year.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: For sure. Thanks so much. This is [indiscernible] on for Ben. Just a question for Chicken. In terms of your factory closure, I know there's two already closed or in process, can you confirm that? And also, what would you say is your current capacity utilization as of now? And then maybe any stats on reduced costs? Also, I just wanted to confirm for the $333 million write-down in fees, this relates to the two fresh meat case ready value-added facilities you said you took offline? Thank you.
Donnie King: So let me start off, and I'll answer the Beef question first. The write-down in Beef doesn't have anything to do with that. That was discount rates, which drove the goodwill impairment. But in terms of Chicken, let me just state this because we've not said this in some time. Our goal in Chicken is to simply be the very best in this space. That hasn't changed. I can tell you that over the last three, four, five years, maybe we haven't done that to the best of our ability. We haven't competed very well. But we're getting more competitive, and we are still unlocking opportunities. And I'll let Wes share some of the things that he's doing in addition to what he's already said.
Wes Morris: Yeah. Let me see if I can answer your question. And so at this point, five of the six that we announced are in fact, are done producing with the last one coming offline at the 1st of March. In our Q4 financials, only two of those would have been driving those numbers with the remaining ones coming in Q1 and early Q2. As for capacity, yes, let me go ahead and I'll touch on the capacity. Our goal is to always have room to grow with our important customers, but we have moved up materially year-over-year with both the closures and other activities. But I would remind you that mix is as important as volume in driving our profitability across our total portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you so much.
Wes Morris: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to come back to -- you said your first priority was being disciplined with cash, but you also pointed out that you've raised the dividend. It's a modest increase. I realize that. But I guess why the rush to take it up at all? Is it just that time of year? Is there a reason -- with especially an outlook with a bit of uncertainty that you couldn't just put that on hold? So let me understand that thing and am I hearing correctly that it sounds like the flex comes from adjusting CapEx down? Is that the right trade-off? How should we think about that?
John R. Tyson: This is John. I'll take that question. So as I mentioned earlier, we remain committed to growing the dividend, preserving dividend this year and growing it over time. I understand the question. I think our judgment was that on an absolute basis, about a 2% increase in terms of cents per share was modest and fit well within the range of outcomes for our capital allocation in '24. So I think that's how we answer that question.
Donnie King: If I could add something to that in terms of CapEx. As a reminder, over the last couple of years, we've made major investments in capacity, and we're pulling that back down to normal levels. We are in a good spot today in terms of the capacity to produce and to be able to produce and grow in the near term here. We'll certainly keep our eye on that. But I think another way to think about that is you're just returning to more of a historical level of capital spend.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And I just want to follow up on the Prepared Foods commentary. This has been touched on a little bit, but you called out the difficult consumer environment and how you're trying to meet those consumers where they are. I guess, just at a higher level. Can you give a sense of how you prioritize the sort of volume over price? What's the key driver in terms of how you think about approaching what could be a further step-up in promotions? Or just how you manage that going forward?
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. So Michael, let me first talk about our pricing strategy in totality. So we have a strong revenue management capabilities as well as you know our leading brands, which is the foundation of our pricing strategy. And when we do implement price increases, we're focused on our profitability and the health of our brands, while at the same time simultaneously being cognizant of the category, our competition and our consumer demand dynamics. And through these capabilities as well as our analytics, we can see that our elasticities are moving back to pre-COVID ranges and level. And at the end of the day, as you know, our goal is just to balance pricing and volume in a volatile commodity market.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So can I just start with Beef. I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that it was going to be a year of two halves with more pressure on profitability in the first half. Obviously, this latest quarter came through a bit better than expected. and I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but are we trending at the moment towards the sort of lower end of the range, and the expectation is that things will pull around. And why would they pull around in the second half? Just curious about the magnitude of how it skews first half and second half.
Brady Stewart: Sure, Alexia. Thanks for the question. And as we indicated, there is certainly a large range of outcomes, and there's a number of different supply and demand dynamics that will come into play as we move throughout the year. When we lay out our forecast and our approach, we certainly look at a variety of different inputs, including seasonality, where we see different demand behaviors from the consumer, along with what we see from a supply perspective and have balanced what we believe to be appropriate amount of heifer retention given the environment into those forecasts. And so really that provides us that range of outcome that we look at for ‘24. We've done a really good job from a business perspective of continual improvement, which we believe relative to the industry available spreads that we see lent itself to the performance in Q4, and we expect to see those trends relative to our true controllables, move into '24, and that has provided us with the range of guidance that we provided.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thank you. And then on leverage, it's kind of linked to the Beef question. I mean if there is going to be the sort of cadence through the year, do you anticipate that leverage is going to increase? And if so, by how much? Or how do you expect that to trend from here?
John R. Tyson: Hey, Alexia, this is John. So we do would project for leverage to tick up a little bit as we move through the first part of the year. And really what's driving that is just lapping the quarters that we'll see from the first half of last year. And so once we move past them through that, we would begin to expect our leverage numbers to start to move back then.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time I'm showing no additional questions, we'll end today's question-and-answer session. And I'd like to turn the floor back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: Thank you. While fiscal 2023 was a difficult year for our business, we finished strong and are more focused, collaborative and efficient than we were 12 months ago. While we're not yet where we want to be, our plan and the decisions we have made are moving us in the right direction as demonstrated by a second quarter in a row of sequential improvements. In an uncertain macro environment, our priority continues to be controlling the controllables with discipline and agility. Our strategy is working. We have the right leadership team in place to deliver, and the bold actions we've taken are poised to drive long-term opportunity and shareholder value. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Sean Cornett, from Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead. 
Sean Cornett: Good morning, and welcome to Tyson Foods' Fiscal Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. On today’s call, Tyson’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Donnie King, and Chief Financial Officer, John R. Tyson, will provide some prepared remarks followed by Q&A.  Additionally, joining us today are Brady Stewart, Group President, Fresh Meats; Stewart Glendinning, Group President, Prepared Foods; Wes Morris, Group President, Poultry; and Amy Tu, President, International and Chief Administrative Officer.  We have also provided a supplemental presentation, which maybe referenced on today’s call and is available on Tyson’s Investor Relations website and via the link in our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimers on Slide 2, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now I'll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. Before we review the results, I'd like to start out by discussing my vision for Tyson and the decisive actions that we're taking to successfully navigate the current market environment. We remain fully committed to our vision of delivering sustainable top-line growth and margin improvement over the long run.  With our leadership team, we're executing a multi-point plan focused on efficiency and modernization, including taking a much closer look at our cost structure across the business to drive operational excellence. We are already seeing tangible benefits of our efforts. We've been through market cycles before and I'm confident that we have the right strategy, seasoned leadership and team members in place to emerge stronger from this one.  We're making good progress and saw sequential improvements in our results in Q3. We're not yet where we need to be, so we continue to focus on what we can control. Earlier today, we announced our intention to close four more of our chicken facilities demonstrating our commitment to taking bold actions to improve performance.  Beyond these important actions, I remain optimistic about our future. We are a leader in our industry and we continue to innovate and take market share in most of our categories. I remain very confident in our long-term strategy, and we are leaving no stone unturned to maximize value for shareholders.  Diving into our results, we continue to compare against strong performance across our segments last year. However, I am encouraged by the sequential improvements we made in Q3. Let me start with Chicken. Market conditions in Chicken are still challenged with commodity prices across most cuts remaining significantly lower, compared to last year.  However, adjusted operating income improved by more than a $100 million of one choice without any material benefits as market tailwinds, these sequential increase was primarily due to internal actions we took. For example, in our fiscal Q2, we decided to close two of our plants convert two others to boneless and rationalized our SKUs, inventory, and other assets.  In Q3, the team made significant improvements in yield, spend and efficiency, leading to strong improvement in profitability in just one quarter. As we become more productive with automation and team member engagement, we can further optimize our footprint and reallocate resources to more efficient plants, while still having ample capacity to service and grow with our customers.  This enabled us to announce today that we plan to close four additional chicken facilities bringing the total announced closures to six this year. We also recently made the decision to transition away from the “no antibiotics ever” for Tyson branded chicken to a no antibiotics ever important for human medicine approach.  Data suggests the use of ionophores can lead to more uniform birds with consistent weight. In turn, we can more accurately forecast supply and demand helping to meet the needs of our customers and consumers. And I want to emphasize that we will continue to evaluate all options including more actions like these across all of our businesses.  And beef, we perform better than expected. Our results were driven by our disciplined approach to balancing supply with customer demands, while taking the advantage of seasonal increases in cutout values.  However, the beef industry will likely continue facing headwinds. As you may have seen in the latest USDA cattle inventory report, herd liquidation continues to tighten supply, leading to higher cattle cost, narrowing spreads and difficult export market conditions.  Pork remains under pressure across the industry and we continue to see headwinds there with both our internal live production and our external sourced hog supply, increased feed costs and low cut out Stroh spread compression through our results. We also had incremental negative impacts in Q3 from a fire at one of our processing facilities.  Finally, to Prepared Foods, which is a key growth pillar for the future. The business performed well in Q3. In Retail, our core business lines saw strong volume growth in the quarter and continue to gain pound and dollar share.  In Broadline Foodservice, Tyson Focus 6 continues to outpace the industry in volume growth. This led to better than anticipated margins in Prepared Foods. In short, our results this quarter demonstrates that Chicken is gaining momentum and our branded Foods business remains an area of strength.  Let me add some further color on the performance of our branded business versus our top peers. As I mentioned earlier, our Tyson core business lines, including the iconic retail brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park continue to outpace total food and beverage, and our peers in volume growth up 5% versus a year ago.  We believe this points to the strength of our core brands and sets us up well for the future. We continue to show market share leadership in most of the retail categories, in which we compete, delivering both dollar and pound share growth in the aggregate and across day parts.  Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farms and Ballpark, all hold favorite brand status with consumers over our nearest competitor by a wide margin. Our share performance and brand strength demonstrates the momentum we've gained with consumers and they will continue to spend on brands they know and trust. Likewise, we will continue to invest in merchandising and advertising to support our brands. While we are pleased with our brand strength and share performance, we're constantly building new innovations to expand the appeal and market opportunities for our products.  Over the past few years, our innovations have generated roughly $2 billion in annual sales. Let me highlight a few products we've launched this fiscal year that I'm most excited about. Earlier this year, we announced that Tyson Original Chicken Breast Sandwich for retail channels, which won the People Magazine Food Award for Best Frozen Sandwich.  Furthermore, we were excited to see that more than 70% of the buyers were new to the Tyson brand and more than 20% were new to the category.  We also launched Tyson Chicken Sandwiches in Food Service space where our sandwiches won awards from Food and Beverage Industry, National Agri-Marketing Association, and National Association of Convenience Stores. As you can see, our innovation in chicken is able to be deployed across channels and occasions highlighting the power of our scale.  Moving to Jimmy Dean, which is already a clear leader in the breakfast meal occasion, we're expanding with differentiated capability-based innovation by launching handheld breakfast items. For instance, this year, we launched the Jimmy Dean biscuit roll-ups in Food Service channel and Maple Grill Cakes and Toaster Pop-Ups in retail. We're seeing strong customer adoption of these products and promising early consumer demand.  In Hillshire Farm, one area of focus in retail has been the trend towards healthy snacking. For instance, we launched Hillshire Farms Snack Kids with 100% real premium meats, cheeses and crackers, all ready to eat on the go.  If you haven’t already, I encourage you to try our Snack Kids like Oven-Roasted Turkey Breast, Cheddar Cheese and Wheat Crackers. We launched these products at attractive price points and have already seen strong acceptance with major retail customers.  In the food service channel, we are now participating in the fast-growing Cupping Pepperoni category with our very own Hillshire branded Cupping Pepperoni product. We are always on the lookout for how to keep our brands on trend across channels.  Now, I'll turn things over to John to review our financial results for the quarter in more detail. 
John Tyson: Thank you, Donnie. Let me start with a quick summary of our total company results and then review our individual segments. Our sales were down 2.6% year-over-year, driven by pork and chicken where we saw a reduction in price per pound. More than 90% of the decline in adjusted operating profit was driven by lower profitability in our Beef and Chicken segments.  Higher input cost per pound was primarily due to the increase in cattle costs along with unfavorable derivative impacts and higher labor costs. But these were partially offset by lower hog costs, reduced outside purchase of meat in our Chicken segment and lower raw material costs in Prepared Foods.  While profit was down substantially versus last year, it's important to note that it improved meaningfully versus last quarter and adjusted EPS increased $0.19 on a sequential basis. Challenges remain, but we continue to improve efficiencies by controlling what we can and believe we're heading in the right direction.  Now, on to the individual segments results, starting with Beef. In Beef, revenue was essentially flat year-over-year with lower head throughput offset by higher pricing. Operating profit was down primarily reflecting higher cattle costs, which increased $610 million on a lines per pound basis. Operating margin of 1.6% was down from the historically strong, margins of more than 10% in Q3 last year.  On a sequential basis, disciplined yield and procurement benefits along with seasonal cutout improvement help drive better than expected operating profits. Beef is likely to continue to face headwinds and we don't expect the ongoing tightening of cattle supply and spread compression to abate until herd rebuilding is well underway.  Now moving to Pork, revenue was down 18% driven, primarily by lower pricing due to software demand. The operating loss at the quarter was $70 million as spread compression continued to pressure our margins. This was exacerbated by market pressures in our live operations, lower exports and the operational impact of a fire at our Madison facility.  Moving on to Chicken now. Sales declined 3.5% year-on-year, driven by lower pricing, partially offset by volume growth. The decrease in pricing reflects the challenging commodity market. While volume grew modestly versus last year, it decreased more than 4% on a sequential basis. This sequential decline is more than historical seasonality reflecting steps we took to allow an internal production to consumer demand, while also reducing finished goods inventory by $70 million.  Year-over-year profitability was negatively impacted by market conditions and higher feed cost and a $65 million net derivative loss in the current quarter, compared to a $23 million loss in the prior year period. On a sequential basis, it's worth noting the AOI improved by more than a $100 million.  In Prepared Foods, sales declined 2.6% driven by both volume and price. The volume decline was driven by Food Service, as the trajectory of this channel’s recovery remains a little uneven. As Donnie mentioned, our Focus 6 categories are outpacing broad line industry and maintaining their share. Our lower foodservice volumes were partially offset by continued growth in retail, highlighting the strength of our brands.  Lower pricing was primarily driven by lower bacon prices, reflecting the underlying cutout values for bellies. Compared to the prior year period, operating profit was up $34 million due to lower raw material cost and productivity gains, which was partially offset by lower sales, higher packaging cost and increased mass investments.  Despite increased spending and brand building efforts, we were pleased with our operating margin of 9.2%, particularly so given the challenging retail food environment. Our Prepare Food segment remains key to our strategy providing a high margin, stable business with many growth opportunities ahead helping to offset the pressures and volatility in commodity prices.  Before moving on to balance sheet items, I want to provide some context on the goodwill impairment charge that impacted our reported numbers on a GAAP basis, the details of which will be provided in our 10-Q when we file it later this week. The interim impairment testing we did this quarter resulted in non-cash charges in the reporting units that we have been disclosing is at risk in our filings going back to last fiscal year.  The impacts of the charges are not shown in our presentation this morning as they are not reflected in our adjusted results, but all reconciliations to reported results can be found at the appendix.  Now, to our financial position and capital priorities, we’re building financial strength, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders remain the priorities of our capital allocation strategy.  Q3 operating cash flow is $660 million, in line with expectations with prudent working capital management, partially offsetting lower profitability. Inventory reduction was the primary driver of improved core working capital. We still see some opportunity to improve inventory days and drive better cash flow. Year-to-date CapEx is roughly $1.6 billion and we continue to moderate our pace of spending.  Based on this pace, we don't expect CapEx to exceed $2.1 billion below our prior guidance of $2.3 billion. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion of liquidity and net leverage of 3.2 x. Our balance sheet management approach remains unchanged, as we are committed to building financial strength, maintaining our investment grade credit rating and targeting net leverage of at or below 2 x net debt to EBITDA for the long term.  During Q3, we returned $167 million to shareholders via dividends and $11 million in share repurchases. We remain committed to maintaining a disciplined yet opportunistic capital allocation strategy ensuring that we deploy resources to maximize long-term shareholder value.  Now, let's review our updated outlook for fiscal 2023. We're maintaining our total company sales guidance range of $53 billion to $54 billion and we expect to be at the lower end with roughly flat sales growth for the year.  Turning to AOI, in beef, based on our year-to-date results, offset by anticipated live cattle cutout spread compression, we expect full year margins to be at the higher end of our range of between a loss of 1$ and a gain of 1%. For Pork, due to ongoing market dynamics impacting our Pork segment, we now expect full year margins to be between a loss of 4% and a loss of 2%, but at the higher end of that range.  In Chicken, we're gaining momentum, but with our results year-to-date, including net derivative losses, we expect full year margins to be at the lower end of our range, but between a loss of 1% and a gain of 1%.  Prepared Foods generated strong margins throughout the year with continued investment to support our brands, we expect margins to be at the higher end of the 8% to 10% range for fiscal 2023. And as I mentioned earlier, we're reducing our expectations for CapEx of approximately $2.1 billion. Our expectations for net interest expense and tax rate remained unchanged at around $340 million and 22% respectively.  So, in summary, while the current operating environment is difficult in several of our businesses, we are making improvements across our operations and we are optimistic on our long-term growth opportunities. We have great teams across our segments. We've got growing demand for our products and the right portfolio mix to win in the marketplace.  So, now, I'll turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions. 
Sean Cornett: Thanks John. We will now move on to your questions. Please recall, our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following QA. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And our first question today, comes from Alexia Howard from Alliance Bernstein. Please, go ahead with your question. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. 
Donnie King : Good morning. 
John Tyson : Good morning. 
Alexia Howard: Okay. So, there obviously a lot of moving pieces here on the quarter. Could we maybe take a step back, and get your overall take on the quarter and where we are at in the recovery of your commodity mix segments. Just trying to put things into context here and then I have a follow-up. 
Donnie King : Okay. Well, good morning, Alexia. This is Donnie King. Let me start out with thanking you for the question and there is no surprise markets continue to be challenging. And they're challenging for everyone. I will tell you that we continue to execute our strategy and I would tell you we've had for the best execution in our Q3 we've had since pre-pandemic times.  In Q3, we saw a sequential improvement across all businesses, led by Chicken, as well as - led by chicken as we focused on our cost structure. We have aligned our supply to our demand as we pursue profitable growth. We are controlling the controllables across all businesses. I would tell you that, we're not surprised by beef and pork results. We expected it.  We are happy to report that we're winning with customers and consumers and gaining volume and dollar share. We are taking decisive actions, as we talked about this morning, right-sizing and modernizing our footprint, we continue to invest in automation, and digitalization. We continue to invest in our team members and their work experience.  We are pursuing growth in value-added and branded categories. In Chicken, behind the number one brand in Chicken, Tyson; in Prepared Foods behind Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park. We are number one in eight of nine categories we compete in retail. We hold number one or number two positions in most food service categories. And as I said this morning, we will continue to evaluate everything we do.  Tyson has been around since 1935, and I've been around since the early 80s, and we've seen many cycles before. We always come out better, stronger, and faster and we will this time, as well. That's said, we have more to do and we're excited about our future. Our leadership team and all 140,000 team members are aligned to maximizing shareholder value. That's a little bit of color.  Let me flip it over to Brady as he can speak to a little bit around the Pork and Beef business 
Brady Stewart: Sure. Thanks, Donnie. First of all, on the Pork – in our Pork business, I think it's important to break the Pork business into two different segments. First, as John and Donnie indicated in the opening remarks, we faced some challenges relative to the economics in the Pork business, specific with live operations. It's well documented that the pork industry is in the midst of a liquidation cycle right now.  We believe that the markets will in fact, take care of themselves. But over a half of our losses in the quarter were attributable to live ops and price discovery relative to live ops with some of our suppliers. Fresh pork on the other hand, the other half of that segment was impacted by the fire we had in Madison. And outside of that, we saw strong improvement in terms of operational execution in our Pork business.  We're excited about the team that we've assembled here in Springdale, and believe we have a bright future in front of us as we continue to execute on those operations. On the beef side, we will continue to focus on what we can control relative to you moving through this beef cycle. We're going to continue to align our supply with demand and drive value-added including Kids Ready to make sure that we continue to be closer to our customer and try to decommoditize that business.  Thanks for the question. 
Alexia Howard: Great. And then, if I go back to a year, I mean, this time last year, you were looking for strong and speedy recovery in the chicken margin based on improved hatch rates and capacity utilization. Obviously, there was that the hiccup of the holidays with the forecasting error. But it seems as though the environment has changed materially. What has changed in the environment? And how quickly do you think you can get back on track on the Chicken side of the business? Thank you. And I'll pass it on. 
Brady Stewart: Thank you, Alexia. We are encouraged by the sequential improvement in 3Q and especially in June. As we have much work left to do, but we're on the right path. And I think that's important to call out. We are controlling the controllables better than before and I mentioned earlier that the best I've seen in terms of execution since pre-pandemic. But let me flip that over to Wes and let him add a little bit more color on Chicken. 
Wes Morris: Yeah, sure. I am too encouraged by the sequential improvement, the team is focused on what they do day in and day out. And we've seen a big step change in improving yields, labor efficiency, line efficiency, and spend. And at the same time, we've seen great improvement in order fill and on-time delivery. 
Alexia Howard: Thank you a lot. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question. 
Ben Bienvenu : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Donnie King : Good morning, Ben. 
Ben Bienvenu : So, I want to start on the Chicken business. Donnie you noted the sequential improvement in the business. You also called out the actions you took too close four facilities. I recognize, not all of those are a lot kill harvest facilities, but I do think there's some sizable facilities and that put print.  So could you talk a little bit about what the net impact to production might look like as you layer some of that production into the rest of your facilities? And then, think about what the go forward looks like. 
Donnie King : Sure, Ben, I'll add a few comments and I'll flip it to Wes to add a little more color. In terms of the plant closings, closing plants is never easy for anyone involved. In fact it can be gut-wrenching. But I would tell you with a great deal of gratitude and thanks to our team members, our family farmers and the communities impacted, we made those decisions.  And earlier today, we announced the closure of the four plants bringing the total to six this year. The facilities that we're closing, just to give a little color about them, they're typically smaller in scale and in need of major capital to make them viable. And so, that's an important detail and I’ll flip it over to Wes to give you a little color on the capacity. 
Wes Morris : Yeah, Ben. I would answer it simply this way. We're moving our existing sales to more efficient assets and so, no material change in volume in any way, shape, or form and excess of 90% once implemented. 
John Tyson: Hey Ben, this is John, if I can just add in a little bit because I think you're trying to ask what the impact on these moves. So, you heard Donnie talk about adjusting the need for capital investments in some of the older facilities. We see that as a benefit with these moves. I think, number two, we're talking about taking out around 10% of harvest capacities, which puts our asset utilization when all things are said and done of closer to that 90%, out of the low 80s.  And not just talking about the asset closures, but when you think about the asset closures, the NAE to NAI, HM moves and some other operational changes that we're making, we talked a lot about in last year around on mix et cetera, we would expect somewhere around a $200 million runrate uplift from those moves.  And so exact to when all that comes to fruition in the end of ‘23 and ‘24, we can't pay it all in one day, but that's kind of order of magnitude what we're talking about here. 
Ben Bienvenu : Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks. May be thinking about the Pork business. You noted the facility fire impact in the quarter, we have been seeing the cutout rally pretty materially. So kind of a two-part question, One, I know despite the guide down for the balance of the year in Pork, how would you expect Pork packer margins to migrate as we move through the rest of this year? And then, two, as you've seen, some of the cutout cost prices that rally pretty materially, what impact does that have to cost a goods sold on the Prepared Foods business, as well.  So, Ben, if I could make a couple comments and I'll let Brady add color to, Q3 was challenging and we expected it to be. As Brady mentioned earlier, we are absolutely laser-focused on those things, which we can control. I'll let Brady if you would speak to from the hog side, as well as from a Pork perspective. 
Brady Stewart: Okay, thanks, Donnie. I think there's a number of things at play here that we will continue to evaluate as we as we learn more about these markets. And obviously, one of the biggest impacts relative to the supply demand equation that we've seen in the last several months is the Supreme Court's ruling on proposition 12. I think as a industry, we're still learning what total impact that has from a supply demand perspective.  I think it's somewhat difficult right now to totally forecast with great accuracy. How that all plays out, coupled with the fact that, as I referenced earlier, we're in the midst of a sell liquidation, cycle as well in the industry. We're going to continue to monitor these macroeconomic factors that impact our business.  But let me be clear, we have the opportunity to continue to control the controllables, continue to use our footprint with our case ready and value-added assets to get closer to the consumer. And I feel good with the team that we have here in Springdale who stood up to manage the Pork business and are seeing significant operational improvements in that business. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question. 
Peter Galbo: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. 
Donnie King: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Donnie, maybe we can actually start on Beef. I think you said it came in better than you expected in the quarter. But again your outlook here in 4Q maybe a bit weaker. And I just wanted to give you a chance to talk about kind of how you see that business play out over the next 18 months, not asking for formal guidance, but I think the last time, we were in this part of the Beef cycle in ‘14 and ‘15 you went through an extended period where packer margins were actually negative. And is that in within your considerations that is that in your outlook just would be helpful to hear from you.  Let me start off with and we did, in fact have a better quarter than expected. We were not surprised necessarily by these results. As Brady is mentioned, and John did in the opening remarks, we continue to see herd liquidation. But we are focused on what we can control.  Let me, let me flip it over to John and let him add some commentary around this. 
John Tyson: Hey, Peter, just regarding your question on the Outlook, I think there is couple of things. So, you did know, right, just on what the implications are with our guidance ranges on the balance of our ‘23. And, we base that on dynamic market conditions. We're obviously being is as intentional and aggressive as possible and trying to balance that supply and demand to manage the spread.  But knowing what we know today that's where things sit. As we think about ‘24, we expect to give you guidance in November as has been customary for us in the past kind of annual cycles. But as it relates to making any projections looks like. As we move into the fall, we will start to see some data around where pasture conditions were, what are the herd numbers looking like? What is the cow harvest? And I think from there, at that point on in time, we might be able to make better projections about what ‘24 and ‘25 look like. And so I think that's probably as much as we can tell you on that today. 
Peter Galbo: No. That's helpful, John. Thank you for that just because kind of as we think about watch outs. And then maybe just back on chicken dies, just two questions or a two-part question. First is, with the four facilities you have today, are there any further anticipated impairments that you may have to take or kind of was that all contemplated today?  And then secondly, maybe more broadly Donnie, this mark-to-market hedging program in Chicken seems to kind of be an unexpected headwind over a lot of quarters. Just curious as you're re-evaluating, all parts of the business, I mean, is there a thought process on just unwinding the hedging program and kind of going to a more hand-to-mouth approach. Thanks very much. 
Donnie King: Sure. Thanks. Let me - in terms of the plant closures, as I said earlier, we're continuing to evaluate everything as we automate and modernize these assets. And so, we'll continue to look. I will tell you from an execution standpoint again, performance was much better in Q3 and a lot of momentum moving into Q4 in our chicken business.  We we're still growing with customers and we still have capacity to be able to do that going forward. So, but in terms of mark-to-market, I see it as well, we've talked about in a great deal at what the other options are for that in the business. Let me, let me send it over to John and let him add a little color about that. 
John Tyson: Yeah, I think there were two questions in there. One around the impairments and one around the mark-to-market program. I think on the hedging program, look, we, we manage that - try to manage for margin with for ourselves and as part of our relationship with our customers. We're always evaluating how we can do things different and better and recognize that they can create a little bit of noise in the numbers. But at this point in time, we don't have any plans to change our approach on how we do that.  So that's number one. And then on the impairment, I think it's just worth pointing out there were goodwill impairment in our chicken business in our Q3. But as it relates to these asset closures, the details of those charges would come through in our Q4 and we will give a little more clarity on that as relates to the asset impairments, and the one-time cash cost, which all continue to get work through as we work through the details with the quarter. 
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much, John. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question. 
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
Donnie King: Good morning, Adam,
Adam Samuelson: Morning. So maybe just continuing in chicken and John you have some helpful color and quantifying how it benefits from some of the plant closures and production shifts on the business. And you quoted a $200 million kind of profit run rate that would equate to give or take 110, or 120 basis points to margin at your current revenue levels.  So, as we think about where you're exiting fiscal ‘23 with the business in a loss position, the cumulative effect of those actions would get you to functionally marginal levels of profitability. So help us think about beyond that. So these are things you can control and they get you slightly profitable. Is it really a market-dependent question on Chicken demand has to improve chicken – commodity chicken pricing has to improve is what would actually get you to those historical 5% plus margins that the company had been previously still aiming for a longer term? 
John Tyson: Yeah, and I think I would point out to a couple of things there. So, first off, we talking about the sequential improvements in operational execution. And more or less, you haven't seen market condition materially change quarter-to-quarter. So, I guess, we just do emphasize that as a proof point that we're talking about execution, but holding the external data mostly static we're starting to see that come through.  And you did picked up correctly on the 200 is kind of a run rate number. And again, when we talk about making the same amount of food in a smaller footprint, we do have some - we have confidence in just what that cost elimination means from an overall probability. But we obviously are subject to where commodity markets move on both the input and the market side.  So, recovery there helps us as it does everyone in the industry. So, we kind of focus on what's in our control and I think beyond, what I've just said is probably too early to issue any numbers for ’24. Will give a look at that when we get to the November call. So, hopefully that's somewhat more helpful than what you're looking for. 
Adam Samuelson: No. It is. And I guess though, if I think philosophically historically, the company would always talk about profitability in Chicken and less volatility than the industry as a whole and not seeing the lows but others in the industry not seeing the same highs. And I guess I am not saying that others in the industry haven't seen real lows in the last 6 to 12 months. It’s been a real challenge for the whole industry. I guess, the historical model would have – maybe think that Tyson’s Chicken business would be more resilient.  So how does the experience of the last year kind of inform how you would think about the Tyson's relative performance versus the industry and the margin potential of the business is currently constructed? 
John Tyson: I let Donnie comment on that one. 
Donnie King: As I said earlier, Adam, we're - we believe in Chicken, we're on the right path. I would tell you it’s the right path we've been on that path for about two years now, and we've had a number of fits and starts from the breeder side to a demand – with the demand picture. We're on our way to healing it from a genetics perspective on the live side.  In terms of our operations, they're performing better than have. But then the third one and it really impacted US in Q1 last year is the demand picture that we struggle with getting a really accurate view of that. I would tell you the good news is, in Q2, we were able to get that done. We actually started seeing benefits of that in Q3.  And so, we feel like we have a better picture of what the demand truly and consumption truly looks like and that informs us again in terms of supply. And so, we feel more balanced today than we have over the past two quarters and the executional elements that we've talked about. We're obviously doing those a lot better than before.  And then, if you look at the bridge that you're trying to create, it bases your question, yes, there are some asset impairments. Yes, there is some plant closures. There's, the typical labor yield and all those types of things that we're managing. But we are doing every one of those things. And so, I feel really good about where we are in Chicken and the path that we're on.  And the future looks really, really good to me. John? 
John Tyson: Yeah. And I also want to add and emphasize on what we already talked about. But I don't remember exactly how you asked your question. But something to the fact of hey, what's difference right now, we are looking backwards. And it's worth pointing out, I think we've taken pretty meaningful steps to get the cost structure back in balance that includes the two closures back in the March time frame, the NAE move that we've talked about, as well as these additional ones.  So I think just pointing to that as evidence and then, when you look at quarter-over-quarter market conditions are the same. We're delivering on the operational execution. There are multiple proof points in the last, call it nine to 12 months that I think we are and we believe are indicative of the trajectory on this business. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That’s helpful color. I'll pass it on. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik from BMO. Please go ahead with your question. 
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. My first one is related to the Chicken facility closures that you just announced, but I'm wondering if you could, kind of compare and contrast the Chicken dynamics to what's going on in the Beef and Pork operating environment. You talked about controlling the controllables and utilization rates, and certainly struck by how difficult decisions are to close plants. But why does it make sense to do that in chicken and not across your beef and pork businesses given the supply contraction that you're talking about? 
Donnie King : Sure. Let me let me start out and remind you that I said we were looking at everything and we are. And so, I guess, your question around why not look at beef and pork? And again, I would tell you we are looking at everything in terms of how it works across the board. Fundamentally, we are focused on executional excellence across all businesses and functions at Tyson, including that overhead and cost structure at our corporate facilities. And so, we're doing that well. I'm not saying - I'm not telling you that we're not looking at Beef and Pork, in the same manner that we have looked at Chicken. We're evaluating everything. And I think that's probably the biggest takeaway from that. But there was a – the first part of that there was a chicken component. 
John Tyson: Yes. I think the specific question was comparing chicken to beef here. And how do you think about that? I think, look, there's multiple factors that go into making decisions like this. Asset efficiency and projected capital requirements are a big driver here. And when we talk about poultry today and we just think about the older kind slower less efficient assets, compared to where we're moving the birds, we see that as a big uplift. And we make those same kind of evaluations across the whole network if that would make the comparison there?  I think the other thing to point out, we've talked about this on previous calls. We are in this kind of special moment of facing headwinds in chicken, pork and beef segments. The recovery time line on each of those is different. We would expect to see chicken recover most quickly, pork is a little different and then, the beef cycle and those dynamics, I think are well documented. So it's just worth recalling attention to that we've discussed before. 
Brady Stewart : I would say this, John As one final thought. As we think about Chicken and you mentioned John, that chicken would recover faster and I think that's all true. But I think if you look at the chicken business today versus where we were just a quarter ago, there are more tailwinds than headwinds in the chicken business in the near to long term here. 
Andrew Strelzik: Great that that's really helpful color. And then, I guess, the second question, I just want to go back to the, to the change to the CapEx guidance for the year. Can you talk about some more specifically to change there does it have any applications for ‘24 CapEx? And I guess just generally as you think about the flexibility of your CapEx budget, is there a way, given projects that are already underway etcetera, to think about, kind of a minimum CapEx budget for next year? I don't know if there's a way to frame that. Thank you. 
John Tyson: Hey, this is John. I'll take that question. Let me talk a little about CapEx and just kind of maybe some other related matters on the balance sheet and leverage. So, I think, first off, we have tared back, the CapEx kind of quarter-over-quarter we’ve been managing the spend throughout the year and we feel good about that.  Based on our guidance today, you would expect to see about $500 million in Q4, which just worth pointing out that’s still above what has been a historical annual run rate for US of about $1.5 billion. We are targeting to get to that $1.5 billion spend annually. And I think it would be premature to say where the ‘24 number lands but safe to say that we're trending in that direction.  I think, it's also worth just taking a second to talk about where we are with leverage and because capital obviously capital spend, obviously influences that. I think, the headline for us is, we're sitting on a sound balance sheet. And that's really a product of the capital allocation choices we've made through the last few years where we're really focused on kind of preserving a good financial position, targeting at or around that two-time, leverage number for the long term.  So, leverage has increased with where profitability been on LTM basis. But I think overall, we feel good about where we are from being able to managing capital spend standpoint and everything else that we've got going on. We’ve made a couple moves, just tried to be tighter on working capital. We pulled that down about $100 million in inventory this quarter just despite what's going on in the market.  So, I think overall, capital spend, working capital efficiency, all in line with long-term leverage number have been, we're comfortable with where we sit today. 
Andrew Strelzik: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question. 
Benjamin Theurer: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk about your pork margins have to be easily shown you already commented on market conditions, but can you provide more light of company-specific initiatives. Maybe some plant closure assessing maybe it could be an option, anything else if you can provide towards improving operations there? 
Donnie King : Hey, Ben, it's kind of hard to understand you muffled. Do you mind repeating that question? Sorry, because that was - there was a lot in there? 
Benjamin Theurer: Sure. On book margin, you already revised this, and market conditions, especially with sales, but can you provide more light on company-specific initiatives, maybe some plant closures? Could have be an option to invest in which you can anything else on pork to improve things? Thanks. 
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Benjamin. This is Brady Stewart. Appreciate the question. As Donnie just indicated, we're evaluating our business in totality. And first and foremost, really, I think we need to unpack those pork results back into the live and the actual fresh pork segments that roll up to the specific BEU. I'm going to speak specifically to our plants and operations from the fresh pork perspective. Very comfortable with our strategy moving forward obviously from a impact perspective, we're focused on everything from our expenses and expense structure that we have within our assets.  The efficiency of our assets we have plans in place to make sure that we focus on better efficiency within those assets. And then obviously, traditional price yield and mix matrices that really provide us the opportunity to maximize the margins and our opportunity to go to market. So, that's the approach we take. We feel very comfortable with the team we have in place. We will feel very comfortable with the strategy that we have in place. I feel very comfortable from an operational execution perspective that we're making strides and improvements in that particular segment. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. So no plants closures and expect kind of specific scenarios?
Brady Stewart: As Donnie indicated earlier, we literally are evaluating everything. And that's both asset utilization, along with how we frame our strategy and our business moving forward. And we're comfortable with our approach as we move forward. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thanks. 
Donnie King : Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question. 
Michael Lavery: Morning, thank you. 
Donnie King : Good morning. 
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to Chicken and how you think about, I guess capacity. It's impressive to be able to cut some facilities and maintain the volume output is obviously from an efficiency standpoint. But I guess, just given the industry supply and where pricing is so pressured, is there any rationalization or kind of reduction beyond that that would make sense, just given the market dynamics? 
Donnie King : Sure, I think there's a couple things to say on that. I mean, we've been pretty consistent going back to the last year talking about capacity utilization as a driver for profitability in this business. And we were in the low 80s in ‘22. And so, with the balance of growing our business and rationalizing some of the footprint, we have feel as though we've now optimized the network and continue to push towards those utilization levels that would be in line with historical the drivers for profitability for us.  I think that's the first thing. And then, you talk about – you ask about just where demand is, or what the customer doing or the industry dynamics. We don't mean to make any projections about what's going on, the industry and focus on what we can control. And I think that with these move or going to get closer to our customers, which is a benefit with how we're moving things around and I think we feel good about the choices on that front.  I don't know if you got anything to add, Wes or John? 
Wes Morris: Yeah, Michael, I think just as a reminder, we talk about it often that where our demand backwards slaughter production organization. And so, when you look at our customer forward demand curve, plus the business we picked, we're literally gaining momentum on both sides right sizing capacity and growing at the same time. 
John Tyson : And maybe I could add one additional thing to that, there's been a lot of conversation this morning about capital and what is that going to be going forward. But we obviously talked about the assets that we’re closing. I think that what you may not understand is how all those fit together and so maybe I can help with that.  A couple of years ago, we have eat up intentionally in capital to get ourselves in a position to have capacity, specifically, more value-added branded type capacity. And so, that's where a lot of the extra spending above and beyond $1.5 billion. I think it's also important to link the plant closures that we talked about with a reduction in the capital that we're going to spend for the balance of ‘23 and probably what that looks like in ’24.  That work is done today and these assets were shuttering would have required a significant capital in order to make them competitive. And if you look at the returns on those that did really didn't make sense to do that. But I would tell you, in terms of Chicken specifically in the capacity, with even with the 10% reduction, we're just over 90% capacity and we still have room to grow with the customers and as the market grows. 
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 
Donnie King : Thank you. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, I am showing no additional questions. This will conclude our question and answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks. 
Donnie King: Alright, thank you and thanks everyone for being with us today. As you've heard today, we're executing in the pace of macro headwinds and we're seeing early success demonstrated by the sequential improvement in Q3. I remain optimistic about our long-term outlook, our customers and consumers are behind us.  We're winning with both, while we remain focused on operational excellence and we will continue to combat the current environment by focus on what we can control, all in an effort to maximize value for shareholders. I'm very thankful for the hard work that our team members do every day to support these efforts.  As we continue to build a world-class organization positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us we remain confident that our strategy will deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. Thanks for your interest in Tyson Foods and we look forward to speaking soon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Sean Cornett, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Sean Cornett: Good morning, and welcome to Tyson Foods' Fiscal Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. Prepared remarks today will be provided by Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John R. Tyson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Brady Stewart, Group President, Fresh Meat; Stewart Glendinning, Group President, Prepared Foods; Wes Morris, Group President, Poultry; and Amy Tu, President, International and Chief Administrative Officer, will join the live Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments, which are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link on our webcast. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical periods.  These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimer on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release.  Now I'll turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks, Sean, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. Last quarter, we said that we expected Q2 to be tougher than Q1, and this quarter was definitely a tough one. As you will have seen in our release earlier this morning, results were weaker than expected and top line performance was mixed, particularly when compared to our strong performance last year. At the same time, we outperformed our large branded-food peers in volume and dollar sales and continue to gain pound and dollar share in our retail core business lines.  As I also said last quarter, I can't remember a time when our business faced the highly unusual situation that we're currently seeing, where all 3 of our core protein categories, Beef, Pork and Chicken are experiencing market challenges at the same time. This unusual confluence of issues continued in Q2 and directly impacted our results. I know that you watch the protein markets closely, and like us, know that there are many factors at play here that are macro in nature.  For example, Beef is cycling out of historically strong margins that were seen throughout most of fiscal 2021 and '22. Cutout values across protein complex are much lower than a year ago. Inflation has also remained elevated and persistent, which has dramatically impacted our cost. The current macro backdrop is clearly tough. We have a strong growth strategy and are bullish on our long-term outlook. We continue to implement our strategy, focus on the things that we can control and build upon the strong foundation we have in place.  Late last month, we announced important initiatives to simplify our structure and rightsize our team. These are a logical next step in our ongoing efforts to drive operational and functional excellence as we strive to be best-in-class in our industry. Last quarter, we talked about executional issues that we needed to improve and operational performance did get better. We set a high bar to execute with excellence and are making progress.  Despite our overall results, there were strong positive highlights in the quarter that serve as proof points that our strategy is working. As you know, our branded foods business is the key growth pillar for the future, and in Q2, the business performed well. These results were driven by the strength of our share position, especially for our core brands, including Jimmy Dean, Tyson and Hillshire Farm, which helped deliver strong margins compared to the same 13-week period last year.  We continue to grow both pound and dollar share and to outperform our large food peers in volume based on Nielsen data. It's clear we are winning with consumers. We also continue to win with our customers. We're proud to have been moved up into the top 10 for the first time ever in the most recent Kantar power rankings. In fact, Tyson finished in the top 10 in 6 of the 9 categories they measure. As we continue to focus on meeting customer needs and planning the future together with them. While strong performance continued in our branded foods business, I know that our results in Chicken are top of mind for many of you. So I want to spend a few minutes walking through our Chicken business in detail. I want to point you to 3 important things on the macro environment.  First, marketing conditions remain very challenging. Commodity prices for most fresh chicken cuts are much lower than last year, with boneless breast meat, tenders and wings down more than 50%. While we're not fully exposed to commodity markets, we are not immune to their dynamics. Some might expect these dynamics to impact our results immediately. But in fact, they work through on a lag. As chicken commodity prices declined in Q1, the impact continued into our Q2, while price increases we saw during the quarter are expected to affect Q3. Second, input costs were higher compared to last year as our feed, ingredient cost increased $145 million. We also realized an unfavorable year-over-year derivative impact of approximately $135 million due to volatility in commodity grain prices. Third, while high-path avian influenza has not had a significant impact on our live operations, key export markets remain closed. While we can't control markets, we are focused on the things we can control. We made a series of strategic decisions to better position us for the future. For example, we converted 2 of our plants from bone-in to boneless, specifically to add new business and to continue growing with an important customer. We further rationalized assets, SKUs and inventory. In fact, we reduced our finished inventory pounds by nearly 20% during the quarter. We also made the difficult choice earlier this quarter to close 2 of our less productive chicken plants. These strategic actions are expected to generate significant efficiencies going forward, although some of them generate incremental cost in our current results.  Despite challenging market conditions, we continue to execute our strategy and have significant opportunities in front of us. We increased our internal production, gaining 130 basis points of harvest share compared to last year. This led to pound share gains of 250 basis points in value-added retail and 60 basis points in food service. As you can see, we are well positioned to keep growing. We continue to invest in automation and digital capabilities with opportunities to improve our yield. We now have 50 debone lines that are fully automated. We have room to optimize our cost structure and a portion of the actions we took last month are focused on this.  Importantly, we are working more closely than ever with our customers to create value jointly. We're building long-term supply partnerships that have clear benefits for both sides. We improved order fill rates by more than 20%. This was no accident, and I'm proud of our team for accomplishing this. We're winning in the marketplace by winning with our customers.  Now I've given you specific details on the business, I want to step back and remind you of our overall strategy. Our approach to building and growing Chicken is based on 3 key elements: first, we strive to be the best-in-class operator by executing with excellence. This includes filling our plants to continue increasing our capacity utilization. Second, we plan to grow our value-added business focusing on fully cooked in retail and food service channels and by innovating and differentiating our offerings. And third, we expect to win with consumers behind the #1 brand in Chicken and win with our customers by being their go-to supplier.  I want to underscore that we are focused on improving our results in Chicken. We can do that by implementing our strategy leading to continued growth and improved margins and I'm confident that we have the right leadership team in place to get us there.  Now turning to the continued strong performance of our retail branded business. With our iconic retail brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park, Tyson core business lines continue to outpace total food and beverage and our peers in both sales dollars and volume growth, up 13% and 7%, respectively, compared to a year ago per Nielsen.  Our brands continue to perform well as Tyson core business lines grew pound share by 2.4 points relative to prior year quarter. We continue to show market share leadership in most of the retail categories in which we compete, delivering both dollar and pound share growth in the aggregate by more than 2 points and also across all dayparts.  As proven by our growth compared to last year, we know that consumers will spend on categories and brands they know and trust. The trajectory of our Tyson core business lines volume share growth shows the momentum we have gained with consumers. We remain focused on maintaining our improved fill rates and on-shelf availability while investing in merchandising and advertising to support our brands, which, along with our strong business fundamentals, resulted in pound share growth increasing sequentially over the past 4 quarters.  Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park, all hold favorite brand status with consumers by a large margin over our nearest competitor. It is evident that we're delivering the brands and products that consumers desire. As I mentioned earlier, our move into the Kantar top 10 demonstrates that we continue to gain the confidence of our customers. Winning with customers and consumers is a key priority, and it's clear we're having success with both.  Now let me tell you why I'm so optimistic about our future. Tyson is an iconic company with a broad portfolio of products and powerful brands that has been a recognized leader in protein for nearly 90 years. We've been through market cycles before. I've been through them before myself and we've always come out stronger on the other side. We have the right strategy, seasoned leadership and team members in place to do it once again. Our vision is to deliver sustainable top line growth and margin improvement. Our strategy to drive growth is built on the foundation of 3 key pillars: first, we will drive growth in our core protein platform where we harvest and process fresh meat across a diverse portfolio. We expect global demand for protein to continue to grow in the years ahead, driven by population growth and per capita income expansion. Tyson is well positioned with the capacity in place to meet demand.  Second, we will drive growth through our branded food portfolio. We have over 30 prepared food and snacking brands, including some of the strongest brands in all of food, namely Tyson, Jimmy Dean and Hillshire Farm. Branded food is our best opportunity to drive faster growth, higher margins and stronger results.  Third, we will expand internationally where it makes sense. Most of the growth in protein consumption is expected to take place outside the U.S. We can capture this significant opportunity by scaling our existing business, expanding our customer base and exploring new markets. These pillars are enabled by our relentless focus on customers and consumers, operational excellence and digital capabilities to drive margin improvement.  We win with customers and consumers by building growth partnerships, delivering top-tier customer service and fill rates and product innovation. We expect to realize our operational excellence goals as we modernize our operations, driving efficiencies, saving on costs and increasing throughput. And we continue to build our digital capabilities, operating at scale with digitally enabled standard operating procedures and utilizing data, automation and AI tech for decision-making.  With the combination of our growth strategies and focus on margin improvement, we can deliver the food that consumers love and create long-term value for our customers, for our team members and for our shareholders. We've put a strong proven leadership team in place here at Tyson. I've never been more confident in the talent that we have, and I know that we have the right people to capture the opportunities in front of us.  Now I'll turn things over to John to discuss our financial results for the quarter in more detail.
John Tyson : Thank you, Donnie. First, for a quick touch on our total company financial performance and then a review of the individual segments. Total company revenue was up slightly compared to last year's previous record Q2 performance as the benefit from significant volume growth in Chicken were offset by the reduction in price per pound in Beef and in Pork. For the total company and individually in Chicken and Prepared Foods, we continue to deliver record high sales performance now for a fifth consecutive quarter. We remain focused on driving growth in these businesses to enhance our margin profile over time.  Now turning to profitability. More than 90% of the decline in adjusted operating income was driven by lower earnings in Beef and Chicken. Higher input costs per pound in all segments except Pork increased our cost of goods sold. The majority was driven by inflationary impacts on raw material and labor costs. The remainder of the increase was due to a few things: inventory value adjustments, unfavorable derivative impacts and a shift producing more value-added mix and this was partially offset by savings from our productivity program, reduced outside meat purchases in Chicken and decreased supply chain costs. Our pricing decreased led by lower cutout values in Beef and Pork. This was partially offset by volume growth in Chicken.  Now let me go to the individual segment results, starting with Beef. Sales in our Beef segment decreased 8.3% compared to a record high sales in the second quarter of last year. Price was down 5.4% due to reduced domestic demand and softer export markets. and volume was down 2.9% due to fewer head processed. Live cattle costs increased approximately $305 million on a like-for-like volume in the quarter as the reduction in the beef cattle herd continues to tighten supply and increase competition for cattle. The margin compression resulting from reduced sales and increased cattle costs led to a segment operating income of $8 million and an operating margin of 0.2%, down from the historically high second quarter margin of 12.7% last year.  Looking next at the Pork segment. The volume gain of 1.1%, driven by improved hog availability was more than offset by the 10.3% decline in average sales price due to the soft global demand environment, leading to a decrease in overall sales of 9.2% versus the second quarter last year. The Pork segment posted an operating loss of $31 million for the quarter which was driven by the industry headwinds compressing pork packing margins and inflationary pressures on operating costs. Moving on to the Chicken segment results. The sales increase in Chicken of 8.4% over the prior year quarter was driven by a 6.4% uptick in volume due to increased internal production. Benefits of prior period pricing actions drove 2% growth in sales despite a challenging commodity market. At a loss of $166 million, second quarter operating income was impacted adversely by market conditions and near-term impacts of strategic decisions we made that Donnie discussed earlier. Other headwinds experienced in the quarter included continuing export impacts from HPAI as well as higher feed ingredient cost of $145 million and an unfavorable year-over-year derivative impact of approximately $135 million, including a $35 million loss in this current quarter and $100 million gain in Q2 of last year.  The industry operational headwinds do not change our approach, though. We expect to perform as the industry best-in-class operator while growing our internal production with our customer demand, enabling us to improve our fixed cost leverage, grow volume and gain market share. In addition to the continuous improvement of our operations, growing the market share of our portfolio of value-added products is imperative to maximizing our profitability and our long-term strategy.  Now lastly, to Prepared Foods, where our retail brands like Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and State Fair continue to deliver industry-leading performance, outpacing all peers in both revenue and volume growth in the quarter. Total sales revenue grew 1.2%, primarily driven by pricing gains. The slight volume decline of 0.4% was driven by softness in food service volumes as the trajectory of this channel's recovery remains uneven. This was almost all offset though by the strong performance of our retail brands, driven by their category-leading position, improved supply and our MAP investments.  Compared to the prior year period, segment operating income decreased modestly due to increased raw material costs and brand building investments. This was partially offset by productivity gains and price increases. While down slightly against the historically strong comp, we are pleased with the operating margin performance of 10.4% in this challenging macro environment. We continue to be excited for the future in Prepared Foods as the segment is critical to valuing up Beef, Pork and Chicken commodity meat products and delivering strong earnings at a time when the commodity protein segment's profitability is under pressure.  We will continue to unlock value by increasing plant utilization, implementing productivity initiatives, and we will grow through innovation of new offerings, expansion of our existing product portfolio and the recovery of our food service business. Now to our financial position and capital priorities, we're building financial strength, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders remain the priorities of our capital allocation strategy.  First, let me spend a minute talking about our financial policy and long-term capital allocation and provide a bit more color around our approach to CapEx deployment. Our financial policy remains unchanged. We are committed to building financial strength, maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and targeting net leverage of at or below 2x net debt to EBITDA for the long term. Our capital allocation prioritizes investing in our business through CapEx as well as strategic and disciplined M&A while also returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  As owner operators, our approach to CapEx is simple and effective, we support our maintenance CapEx needs and then we focus on growth and profit optimization, investing in opportunities that generate the greatest returns while maintaining a strong balance sheet. We don't expect our total CapEx this year to exceed $2.3 billion, which is down from our prior guidance of at or around $2.5 billion.  Now moving on from CapEx, during Q2, we returned $167 million to shareholders through dividends and $19 million in share repurchases. We have increased our dividend for 11 consecutive years and remain committed to supporting our dividend. We ended the quarter with $2.2 billion of liquidity and net leverage of 2.4x.  Last week, we entered into a new term loan agreement for $1.75 billion to further enhance our liquidity. These funds will be used to pay off our existing commercial paper that's outstanding and some upcoming bond maturities and also to fund our investments in the business, including the pending acquisition of Williams Sausage, which will support our strategic focus on branded retail growth. We remain committed to maintaining a disciplined yet opportunistic capital allocation strategy, ensuring that we deploy resources to maximize long-term shareholder value. Now let's review our updated outlook for fiscal 2023. Based on performance year-to-date and a moderating outlook for revenue growth, we are lowering our total company sales guidance to $53 billion to $54 billion or flat to 1% growth for the year. In our Beef segment, based on the deterioration in current market dynamics, we now expect margins to be between a loss of 1% and a gain of 1% for the fiscal year. Also, due to challenging market dynamics this time in our Pork segment, we are lowering margin guidance for the year to be between a loss of 2% and breakeven. In Chicken, we now expect full year margins to be between a loss of 1% and a gain of 1%, based on our results so far in April, we anticipate Q3 margins to be roughly breakeven as we gain momentum and exit the fourth quarter at or above the high end of the full year range.  In the second quarter, Prepared Foods continued its strong performance, resulting in a first half margin above the guided range for the fiscal year. So we are maintaining that at 8% to 10%, driven by historical seasonality and continued brand support. And in our International business, we remain committed to expanding globally in the fastest-growing protein consumption markets in the world. Driven by continued year-over-year volume and revenue growth from new facilities ramping up, we are confident of our improved profitability in fiscal 2023, with stronger quarterly performance in the back half of the year compared to Q2.  As I mentioned earlier, we're reducing our expectations for CapEx to approximately $2.3 billion. And our net interest expense and tax rate are now expected to be around $340 million and 22%, respectively.  In summary, the first half was challenging and many of the headwinds experienced are likely to persist for the remainder of the fiscal year. Although the current operating environment has proven to be difficult, we view this as an opportunity to grow and improve our business operations, and we are optimistic on our long-term value driver prospects. We have great leadership and operational teams, growing demand for our products, robust portfolio diversity and the differentiated asset footprint needed to win in the marketplace as we continue to grow our business and provide desirable returns for our shareholders.  So now, let me turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions. Thanks, Sean.
Sean Cornett : Thanks, John. Now we will move on to your questions. Please recall our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Inc.
Ben Bienvenu: So my first question is a 2-part question on the Chicken segment. So first part of the question, in the quarter, results, obviously, were weak and considerably weaker than we saw, I think, in the broader market. Could you talk to a few of the things that might have contributed to company-specific weakness in the segment. And then as you look going forward, you talked about [Town Randall] margins being flat in 3Q, breakeven and then ramping into what all is incorporated into that assumption? Is it what we've seen already in terms of improvement in quality fundamentals? Do you need to take further actions around closing underperforming facilities or reducing inventory? And maybe just help us understand what's embedded in that expectation going forward.
Donnie King : Okay. Ben, this is Donnie. I'll start off and then for the Chicken portion of this, I'll flip it over to Wes and let him add some detail to this. But I would say this quarter was not a surprise to us. We knew Q2 was going to be challenging and it was. I've talked about the fact that I've never seen this highly unusual situation where Beef, Pork and Chicken were all experiencing challenges at the same time. Many of these are macro in nature. But in Chicken specifically -- in Chicken, we have seen operational improvements and market recovery. While slower than expected, it will recover and of all of our businesses that are challenged right now, Chicken will recover first.  In the quarter, we had -- of our $166 million loss, $90 million of that came from 3 main areas. There was about 1/3 of it in mark-to-market, inventory adjustment, SKU rationalization accounted for about 1/3 of it and start-up costs associated with the mix change and improvement from bone-in to boneless plus a few asset impairments. So I would then go on to say Chicken remains a top priority for me. We have the #1 brand in Chicken. Our model doesn't give us the highs and lows of the commodity markets. That doesn't mean that we're not impacted by that and variable pricing model that we have in place, there are lags that go with that.  About 2 years ago, I laid out for you the plan that we had with our Chicken business, and we're following it. We're growing our volume and improving our mix. We sow what we harvested and we reduced inventory by 20%. And I would tell you that we are relentless on operational execution. We continue to invest in automation and digital capabilities and we will and do compete with the very best in the industry. We're winning in every area in which we play. We have market leadership in every category. Customers and consumers are key priorities for us, and it's clear we're having success with them. We've just recently announced that we moved up into the top 10 of Kantar for the first time ever on the most recent power rankings. We expect to win with consumers behind the #1 brand in Chicken and win with our customers by being their go-to supplier.  And I have confidence in the team that we have in our Chicken business. We have the right strategy and are doing the right things for growth. We continue to implement this strategy and focus on the things that we can control, and we'll build on this strong place -- a strong foundation that we have in place. Now with that, let me stop Ben, and let me flip this to Wes Morris, who leads that Chicken business and that team and let him add some additional color. 
Wes Morris: Ben, thanks for the question. No question, Q2 was tough for us and for the industry as a whole. The combination of grains and markets -- some of the key parts being down as much as 50% and then the ongoing export opportunities. Simply said, versus a year ago, grain up 11%, price up 2% and then $135 million change in derivatives. We did something nobody else though, in the industry has done, growing net sales, 8.4%, volume, 6.4% and improving our capacity, 4%.  Based on published data, we competed actually better than an average company in the industry, and we kept investing at the same time. Donnie referenced the $90 million, I'd ask you to think at 2/3 of that as investments in our business going forward. The SKU rationalization and inventory adjustments, along with the packaging and ingredients makes us both more efficient and more consumer-centric at the same time.  So let me talk about 4 key areas that my team is focused on and give you some insight into what we got done in the quarter. The 4 key areas of people, service, growth and performance. Our plants were staffed for the entire quarter. Our teams delivered the volume we needed to win with customers and consumers. And we sold everything we processed plus another 100 million pounds. So demand for our products were good in Q2. Our service levels increased 20 points year-over-year, we're back to historical levels of service. We executed very well at the holidays of Super Bowl and March Madness, gaining share in both food service and retail. We continue to invest in Danville, fully-cooked location, which will come on this fall.  We're now filling over 99% of what we call our [core 8] retail products. And so winning with consumers and customers at the same time. Donnie referenced the 2 plants we converted in the quarter from bone-in to boneless. And then we announced the closure of 2 facilities, which will improve our efficiency while increasing our volume. And we've seen operational improvements every week in the last quarter and in April. So we're well positioned to win with customers, consumers and drive out cost at the same time going forward.
John Tyson: And Ben, I want to just pick up on a couple of specific parts of your question there. I think, first off, you're asking, are there further actions that we're contemplating and just to address that directly, we're always looking at the footprint, but everything that we're doing is focused on growing our business today. And I would note that with the 2 announcements we made earlier in the quarter, we're still growing the business. You mentioned inventory too, part of working through, kind of some of the changing market conditions does mean continuing to pull down inventory. And so that will influence the outlook. But you noted correctly from the earlier remarks on kind of moving to breakeven and improving through the back half of the year is what we expect to see in poultry. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. That's helpful color. Maybe shifting gears a little bit to the Prepared Foods segment. That's been a bright spot certainly for the first half of the fiscal year. The guidance for the balance of the year implies some margin moderation. I know you guys are focused on picking up some food service business that you lost and I think carries some lower margins. Is that key to what's embedded in the operating margin guidance for the balance of the year? And what are the potential sources of upside or downside to that expectation? 
Stewart Glendinning: Got it. Let me pick up on that. We're pleased with the overall performance in the first half of the year. And I can see that we're making progress with both of our brands and our operations to improve margins. You're seeing that in the results. You're also -- by the way, you're seeing it in absolute dollars because I think if you looked at the first half this year versus last year, we're up about 10%. So all of that is good news.  If -- when you're looking forward, the shape of our year on a quarterly basis will look similar to last year in the sense that we expect a stronger first half than the second half and this is because of 2 things. First, because of normal seasonality in the business; and second, because we expect to have some higher brand investments behind our retail brands in the back half. That's important. Those brands are doing well. They have strong engagement with customers. And I want to make sure that we have continued investment to reinforce that. There is more work to do in food service. And in that space, the customer decision and contract cycles are longer. So it takes a little bit to win back that business. But we have a strong platform. We have good products, and I'm confident we're going to start to see the benefits of that improvement in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Maybe my first question, just in Beef and taking kind of the revised outlook and it would seem to imply the business is operating kind of breakeven or a loss for the next couple of quarters. And I just want to make sure I'm thinking about that properly in the context of kind of industry packer margins, which, while certainly off their highs, are not negative. And just how do we then think about the implications of that into fiscal '24 and '25 candidly. And is cattle availability is just going to get worse progressively over the next couple of years, given kind of what we know about the cattle herd right now? 
Donnie King: Okay, Adam. Let me -- I'll start off and then I will pass it to Brady for some greater detail around that. But as expected in Beef that there was tightness in cattle [spot], we saw increased live cost and a softer export market. Probably the thing that is most interesting there, and unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to give you the answer to this, but it's around cow and heifer retention and we do have better, faster growing conditions. If you ook at Central Texas up to Nebraska, there still needs to be some more moisture. We saw cow harvest towards the end of the quarter began to decline. Some indication of the closure of the liquidation cycle. If you look at heifer feed numbers, we're not in a rebuild phase, just yet. More attention -- more retention is needed on the heifers before we're ready to signal that the rebuild has begun. So with that, Brady, you add some additional color, if you would. 
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Donnie, and thanks, Adam, for the question. I think there's a few specific call outs relative to standard industry gross margin calculations that we need to take into account during this specific time frame here in '23. And number one is while we still see export demand being relatively strong from a quarter-over-quarter perspective and versus prior periods, the opportunity for us to arbitrage our exports opportunities versus domestic with some cutout runs that have occurred in specific products has actually diminished our opportunity to capture some of those results from a Tyson perspective.  Number two is we've seen some pullback on drought credit values and again, versus the previous cattle cycle, we saw drought values are strong. However, from a quarter-over-quarter perspective, again, we saw some pullback as well that certainly impacts some of the calculations relative to gross margin.  And number three, from a brand versus choice perspective, we've seen a pullback in USDA data indicates that the spread between branded and choice actually decreased $4.3 hundredweight quarter-over-quarter from a sequential standpoint. So those are certainly some of the factors that are in our mind as we continue to look at the remainder of '23.  As we move into 2024 and beyond, in addition to the comments that Donnie made relative to the cycle that we're in, there's reasons for both challenges from an industry perspective relative to gross margin. There's also a reason for us to be optimistic. And number one, we'll absolutely be relentless in terms of operational excellence. And really, it's about Tyson and our team, controlling what we can control. The markets will do their job over time, but we have a world-class Beef business, and the expectation is we'll continue to perform at a very high level as we move through the cycle.  Number two is we have the opportunity to get closer to our customers and our consumers. We have capacity within our case-ready and value-added business, we've been working diligently to fill that capacity and feel very good and comfortable in terms of the future of that business to get closer to the consumer as well. So while there are challenges ahead relative to the markets, I feel we're in a very good position to weather those challenges as we move forward. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate that color. And maybe a follow-up for John Randal. You guys don't give a specific EPS or EBITDA guidance, but if I kind of roll through the revised sales outlook and kind of middle of the range on the different operating units, it would seem to imply that by the end of the fiscal year, net debt to EBITDA could be at or above 4x. Just want to get your perspective on -- given kind of your own earnings outlook kind of, if that's actually correct and kind of your comfort level of operating at that place for a period of time, particularly if Beef isn't kind of quickly reversing? 
John Tyson: Yes. Thank you for that question. And let me talk about the outlook and get a little more clarity on that, when we talk about leverage. I'm glad you asked this question. So if you look at the return on sales guidance that we've given kind of on a segment-by-segment basis, it could take a few different shapes. So a point I want to make sure that our listeners take away today is that when we look at a total operating income number for the second half of the year, we expect that to be in aggregate similar to or maybe slightly down compared to the first half of the year. So depending on the different movements within the various core proteins, that's kind of the net of it. We want to make sure lands from an outlook perspective. And as you suggested, that does have implications for what our total leverage ratio as we move into the back half of the year. And what I can say is we're focused in the long run on that 2x number, and I think just pointing to what we've done in the last couple of years, we were diligent in paying off $3 billion worth of debt. We've invested in the business from a growth standpoint, we've got new operations coming online and retail branded chicken, bacon and a lot of growth outside the U.S., aligned with our strategy. So I think while the timing on some of the capital expenditures, for example, kind of puts a pressure on the operating cash flows. I think we're comfortable with where we are and feel good about the outlook. I think that we know there's volatility in our business. Ratings agencies keep up with that. I mean, I can't speak for them this morning, but we're in constant communication, providing them outlooks about the business. So overall, we feel good, but yes, the leverage ratio will pick up for a little while. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik from BMO. 
Andrew Strelzik: I guess I wanted to start on the Chicken side. And I'm curious, kind of philosophically how you're thinking about growth and which is clearly the focus on growing the volumes versus balancing that with kind of the medium-term margin outlook. Have you changed at all your expectations on the back half Chicken volumes that you would expect to realize and just kind of philosophically how you think about that? 
Wes Morris: Andrew, this is Wes. Thanks for the question. First and foremost, we got to stay focused on our business and our customer expectations. And so we will, in fact, improve our capacity utilization over time. I think it's important to understand that our supply plan is actually our demand plan that we start with the demand plan and work backwards and as we see more demand for our products, we improve our capacity utilization. So hopefully, that answers your question. 
John Tyson: Yes. If I can add to that, though, I think you asked specifically about how do we balance the profitability versus the growth. And what I want to point out is that we've pulled down the total sales outlook for the business, but we're still projecting to grow from a volume standpoint. So I think the Chicken call compared to a quarter ago is still up, but slightly less than what we had initially projected just because of the demand that was referenced. 
Andrew Strelzik: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And if I could ask one also on productivity, obviously, have achieved the targets well ahead of your original expectations. How are you thinking about the productivity opportunity from here? I know there's a continuous improvement in mindset, but any way to frame kind of how you think about magnitudes of opportunity around productivity. 
Donnie King: Well, thanks for that question. It's still -- as we've said, I mean, we are continually focused on being the absolute best from an operations perspective. We want to be the best company, the best brand, the best protein wherever we choose to play. And what we're doing very simply is executing those things through productivity, through efficiency to deliver that. Some of that requires adding volume, for example, in Chicken. Some of that requires improved yield and labor utilization. It includes -- it also -- looking at the assets that you have and trying to make sure that we modernize those and invest in those and get the right footprint not only today but going forward. We'll do all those things and continue doing all those things. But the whole efficiency-productivity piece is top of mind for everyone in this organization today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard : Sticking with Chicken, can I ask about the price -- the market pricing dynamics? I know obviously, last quarter, there was a challenge because there was an excess of chicken -- of fresh chicken flooding the market over the holiday period. I get the point that, that sort of bled into this quarter as well. Is there any visibility into how that might -- whether that might firm up in the second half of the fiscal year? Or where are we in that cycle? And then I have a follow-up. 
Wes Morris: Yes. Sure. This is Wes. I'll answer that. We didn't see a lot of movement in January and February, and we started seeing a little more strength in March, which for us will flow through the next quarter. We have seen some pullet numbers that would indicate a little stronger markets in the back half of the year. 
Alexia Howard : Great. And then on to the Prepared Foods, with the Kantar PoweRanking study, I'm just wondering what it was that's changed in your retailer relationships because that is a big move. I mean, to get into the top 10, there's a lot of larger, more established, CPG-type companies that are not in the top 10. I'm just wondering what you think has changed over the last couple of years to have got you there. 
Donnie King: Thank you, Alexia. Well, first, I would tell you it was on purpose. We talked about very simply -- and the mantra around here is winning with our team members, creating a differentiated place to work, getting happy team members, having fully staffed operations was important and then winning with customers and consumers. We've invested a lot and continue to support customers and consumers with our brands, with innovation, with all those things. We want to be the best or be their go-to supplier in every part of our business. And then finally, and this is kind of where the rubber meets the road, but winning with executional excellence throughout this organization. And it is -- that is the result -- what you're seeing in this survey is a result of the work that this team has done. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. 
Ken Goldman : I do appreciate, Donnie, your comments about the macro. Certainly, there's a lot of challenges that everyone is facing. I'm just -- I wanted to ask, it looks to me like, at least for this one quarter sort of the performance gap, as measured by margin did widen a little bit between the industry and Tyson in both Beef packing and in Chicken. I'm just looking at some of your bigger competitors in Chicken, and I'm just looking at sort of HedgersEdge and our own model for Beef margins. So I know those aren't perfect comparisons. But I'm just trying to get a sense of, a, is that how you guys see it as well? Or are my assumptions there wrong? And b, how quickly, if they are right, can we kind of reverse that and you can kind of get back to growing in line or having the margin in line with those kind of major segments. 
Donnie King: So Ken, I'll start off and then I will flip that to give a little more color from Wes around Chicken and Brady on Beef. But I did talk about the macro a lot. And I got to tell you, it pains me to talk about that because that we've never been able to control macro-economic issues or market conditions. But what I can tell you is we are controlling what we can. And we have a full-court press on being the best that we can be in operational excellence and winning with customers and consumers.  But the other thing I would tell you, Ken, is that here at Tyson and as you know, I've been through a number of these cycles before, this company has been -- in its 90-year history, has been through a number of them before. But what we have done in the past, and we're doing this time is we're accelerating in the bottom of this cycle, and we always come out better and stronger. And I see no reason to believe that we won't do that this time as well. And let me flip it to Wes to add some Chicken color. 
Wes Morris: Yes, Ken. I think take into consideration the timing of how our pricing flows through is different than others. We have a further lag. Number two, the $135 million year-over-year derivative change and then the $60 million of the $90 million Donnie talked about in efficiency investment, I believe we competed better than the average in the industry. 
Ken Goldman : All right. If I could ask another quick question. The Williams Sausage acquisition, I think we got a price today in the 10-Q of $200 million to $250 million. Could you give us a little bit of detail on what the expected revenues are, the last 12-month revenues? And sort of why now is the right time to do a deal, given some of the challenges you have in the balance sheet? 
John Tyson: Yes. This is John. Let me say a couple of things on that. First off, let me just make a shot out and thanks to the Williams family who we've got this transaction with, and we're grateful to them for entrusting 60-plus years of a family business to be part of the Tyson family. As it relates to the kind of contours of the transaction, let me answer the question why now. We're always being diligent and thoughtful about the M&A opportunities that we're pursuing. And I think this was a transaction that we got across the finish line based on the characteristics of the branded portfolio and the return profile. So when we close that in the coming months, we're excited to bring that into the Tyson Prepared Foods business. 
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, let me just add a little bit here, this is Stewart. Look, this is a company with some great brands and some really great facilities and 2 things are going to come out of this. First, there are capabilities we're going to have because right now, most of our stock harvest goes through a single facility, this is going to provide some redundancy that makes sense for our business, particularly because Jimmy Dean is so important to the portfolio. And then second, when you look at the brands that are going to be complementary to our brands, along with a [DSG] network that, frankly, we haven't had in our portfolio before, I think we're setting up for a very interesting deal here that is going to be a good addition to Tyson. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. 
Peter Galbo : Maybe we can just start going back off of Ken's question, particularly around Beef. First, I think there's probably been some noise out there in the market that just shifts are being cut across kind of the entire Beef network and some of that maybe is due to the lower kind of harvest levels. But if you can kind of comment there.  And then secondly, Brady, I'd just be curious for your perspective, with cattle prices basically at all-time highs, in speaking to cow-calf operators, like what are the unit economics looking for them like in real time? How does that kind of change their decision-making process around retention or not? Because again, looking at the spreadsheet math, you'd think the price would be enough of an incentive, but obviously, a lot of their cost structure has probably changed as well. So I would appreciate any color there. 
Brady Stewart: Well, thanks for the question, Peter. First of all, let me address both the question that Ken posed and you posed as well around Beef. And I think there's a few important aspects of Q2 that we need to focus on. So first is relative to timing. Tyson has quarterly pricing that we use for several of our large customers. And so in very specific primal areas where we've seen some inflation from a cutout perspective in those primals quarter-over-quarter, we have a timing lag relative to those specific customers and agreements.  Second is we did see some hedging losses in the quarter that impacted performance. Third would be our volume. And so as you mentioned, we did see a decrease relative to volume. And so when we saw that volume -- we lost some volume leverage relative to our cost structure and our assets. We're working diligently from an efficiency perspective and seen some good improvements in that area as well to help offset that as we move forward. As I mentioned earlier, export demand has been softened. The strength of the U.S. dollar and FX has had an impact on some export demand and specifically the substitution products that we see from a domestic portfolio, we're not seeing those large gains as we did in previous quarters. That relative to drop value all go into play in terms of what our actual results are versus some of the index modeling that occurs as well.  And relative to the cow-calf operator and how they look at the business, obviously, a lot has changed since the last cycle. Interest rates are up right now. There is some incentives for the cow-calf operator to go ahead and market the heifer into feed yards as opposed to retain just relative to the strength we're seeing from feeder market as well. So we're still seeing some drought conditions from Central Texas up through Central Nebraska, that's creating some challenges, but the good news is for the cow-calf operators that are working outside of that space, we've seen some remedy relative to drought conditions and moisture here within the last several months that provides some optimism as well. 
Peter Galbo : Great. That's very helpful. And Donnie, I just wanted to go back to one of your comments, I think you did mention, I think, around Chicken that you took some asset impairments in the quarter. I'm not sure that I saw those in the Q. But just maybe thinking on a longer-term basis, look, Chicken has been a business where you've been quite acquisitive. I think the margin profile, self admittedly, has probably been a little bit weaker than you would have thought. Just as we kind of sit here today and go through the balance of the year, like how do we think about further impairment risk in that business particularly as the margin improvement even coming out of this year isn't expected to be kind of at your long-term average.
Donnie King: Thanks for that question. I'll touch on this at a high level. But in terms of your question, for the past few years, we've taken bold and aggressive steps to advance productivity and efficiency. We're constantly evaluating how we can be more efficient, push down decision-making and remove duplication of [flows]. Those are all top of mind today. But we have also have done a number of things looking at our footprint, looking for what it would take to make our less efficient assets -- and this would be across the portfolio. How do we either make them efficient, how do we automate them, how do we redesign them or, in some cases, you could look at how would you sell it or how would you close it? And we look at all those different options.  But I want to remind you that our strategy is all about growth. Growth in our base or core protein businesses, growth in our branded portfolio and growth internationally where it makes sense. So making sure that you understand clearly that we are in a growth mode and at the same time, trying to rightsize our footprint in our production machines to deliver those products that customers and consumers love. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. 
Ben Theurer : Just wanted to come back to Chicken in actually some of the like historic context and ask about your performance particularly as it relates to hatch rates and hatchability because it was interesting in the past, it seems like the performance itself was impacted by the very specific issues you were facing. We saw the industry relatively soft, I would say, in the last couple of weeks, but it feels like that your performance, at least from a volume perspective, has done better. So any comment you can share as to your own initiatives and improving that supply and then ultimately less need to buy outside. How do you feel about this? How was it in the last quarter? And how do you feel about it going forward? That would be my first question. I have a quick follow-up as well. 
Donnie King: Okay. I will start off and then I'll flip it for Wes for even greater level of detail. But I would remind you that a couple of years ago, I outlined a road map for us to, what I would call, restore our Chicken business to its rightful position. Those are my exact -- almost my exact words. And we're still on that road map. We've had bumps along the way, in live production, in the life cycle of the animals that we had some issues with some of the breeding stock, particularly the males are not -- has been well chronicled, everywhere.  We had issues with hatch and we're very competitive as it relates to that today. We've made lots of improvement. We've -- we were buying, if you recall, a significant amount of product on the outside and paying a premium in the height of the market. And we began to reduce our dependence on outside meat and wanted to utilize the assets that we have in place and get the fixed cost leverage by producing those live animals and then converting those into those products that our customers and consumers love. And we've done all those things, and we're still on this journey.  And I would tell you that we got the right people in place to complete that mission, not that you ever implied, but to continue down the road, a great leadership, a great team in place now to do that. And I'm excited. I'm optimistic about the future of our Chicken business and where it's going and even in this quarter, losing $166 million. I'm still excited about the future of the #1 brand in Chicken and the opportunity that we still have before us. Wes? 
Wes Morris: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ben. The whole industry is not seeing the kind of hatch rates we saw 4 or 5 years ago. Ours, in particular, is down a few points from Q1, but not near the volatility that we're seeing in the industry as a whole. And so we have a more stable, predictable supply chain to include our hatch rate that makes it easier to manage going forward. As for outside buy, we'll continue to buy and grow as we have fluctuations in our demand, but much more imbalanced than in years passed. 
Ben Theurer : Perfect. And then just a second question just around capital allocation. Obviously, you've reduced the CapEx a little bit, but at the same time, because of the loan, you got a little higher interest. You did some share repurchases throughout the quarter. How should we think about for the balance of the year also in light of what Adam pointed out as leverage could go somewhere north of 4x. How should we think about share purchases, dividends, further CapEx and ultimately, M&A, which is also something that kind of popped up during the quarter. So just to understand the priorities here. 
John Tyson: Yes. Sure thing, and thanks for the question. Let me just talk about the priorities and then talk about where we are in the year and what the outlook is. So first and foremost, we're always looking to invest in our business. And I think it's important to recognize that the CapEx deployment wave that we're in right now is typically higher than our historical average. Over the long run, something more like $1.5 billion is what we would target on an annual CapEx number. So I think that as we go into the coming years, we'll trend in that direction.  And then we look at strategic M&A where we can. We've been pretty, I think, thoughtful in that approach. We're really pleased about the Williams deal and see that as a valuable part of investing in our business. And then on the returning cash to shareholders, we remain committed to the dividend and share repurchases, I think, we'll continue to be conservative and look at something that's in line with historical norms. Obviously, there are a lot of different variables that go into that on a quarterly or annual basis as we make those choices.  But yes, I think just where we are with the profitability outlook in the business, kind of the CapEx cycle and the borrowing, we're conscious of and aware that our leverage ratio will tick up. But again, we're kind of making choices and decisions around investments for the long term of this business. So we're comfortable, although we don't like the tick up. We're comfortable with these cycles where leverage ratios may be a little bit elevated compared to our longer-term target. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. 
Michael Lavery : I just wanted to come back to the idea of growth versus profitability and just how to think about balancing that, not just for one segment, but broadly, and I guess just with so many of the headwinds you're pointing to broad in the macro environment and without really much change ahead in terms of -- it sounded like it's going to get better very soon, does that impact how you think about maybe different priorities to improve profitability? Or just to make sure the margins come through better as much as you have some things you can control? Or what's the right way to think about some of that in terms of just -- any investment trade-offs or ways to maybe improve the execution a little bit? 
Donnie King: Yes. Thanks for that question. And first thing I would tell you is that just to acknowledge the macro environment and what it's been and the fact that the magnitude and the duration of the challenges, they do continue. However, if you think about this company, in particular, we've had a 90-year history of successfully managing macroeconomic cycles, and we've always come out stronger. We have never been able to control those cycles and what we can do is control what we can control. And there's a lot of opportunity there for us to be better. And we are obviously focused on that and across all businesses and functions. In terms of growth at any cost, that's not what we're talking about here. The growth that we have is in service to our customers and those consumers. And I think as Wes had mentioned this earlier, that we always start with the demand plan, and we work back to a supply plan and so we wouldn't be growing Chicken, Beef or Pork or Prepared Foods for that matter, if we didn't have a demand plan that says that we have a consumer wanting this.  And then the second part of that is we obviously had no intention of just growing for growth's sake, and -- but we always balance growth with profitability, and I wouldn't expect this time to be any different than that. But we see this as -- this cycle as something we've seen before, and we've always accelerated out of these types of cycles, and we -- in a growth pattern, accelerating out of the curve, if you will and that's what we're doing this time as well. 
John Tyson: And I think if I can add on to what Donnie is saying, just to emphasize growth and the focus on high-quality growth. We've just completed a fifth consecutive quarter of record sales growth. The same is true for the Chicken segment and the Prepared Foods segment. And we're growing in the parts of those businesses that we see as attractive from a margin standpoint.  And of course, in poultry, as we've talked about, part of that has to do a little bit with just you getting the capacity utilization footprint back, right? And then it's also worth pointing out that we got a business outside of the U.S. that is trending towards tripling in about 5 years. And so I think as we think about the long term, that becomes a profit engine for us, and we're excited about the investments we've made there as well. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be ending today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks. 
Donnie King: Thank you. And as you've heard today, this is a challenging moment, but my optimism about the future has not changed. Our customers and consumers are behind us. We're winning with both. This is not an accident, but is a result of the hard work our team members do every day. And I thank them for it. As we continue to build a world-class organization positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us, we remain confident that our strategy will deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. Thanks for your interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking soon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-06 07:40:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Sean Cornett, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sean Cornett: Good morning and welcome to Tyson Foods’ fiscal first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Prepared remarks today will be provided by Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer and John R. Tyson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Brady Stewart, Group President, Fresh Meats; Stewart Glendinning, Group President, Prepared Foods; Wes Morris, Group President, Poultry; and Amy Tu, President, International and Chief Administrative Officer, will join the live Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments, which are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link on our webcast. During today’s call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These forward-looking statements made during this call are provided pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include comments reflecting our expectations, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not relate solely to historical periods. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statements disclaimers on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. Now, I will turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thank you, Sean and thank you to everyone on the call for joining. Earlier today, we announced our first quarter 2023 results. We delivered solid top line results with year-over-year revenue and volume growth and continued strength in our share position, providing momentum for the remainder of the fiscal year. Compared to record performance in the prior year, first quarter earnings declined driven by weaker results in chicken, pork and beef, which more than offset strong performance in Prepared Foods. It’s important for you to know that we are uniquely positioned to win in an attractive global protein market. We have market leading brands across diverse portfolio that resonate with consumers as proven by our year-over-year sales and volume growth. We serve an estimated one-fifth of U. S. protein consumption and we are well positioned to meet consumer demand, which remains steady despite a challenging macroeconomic environment with ongoing elevated levels of inflation. As we navigate a complex and dynamic operating environment, I am grateful for our team members whose hard work and dedication make our business operations possible. Five key pillars of our strategy are: transforming our team member experience, growing with our customers to service demand, investing in digital and automation to drive operational excellence, restoring competitiveness in our Chicken segment and leveraging our financial strength to invest in the business and return cash to shareholders. In service of these long-term strategic imperatives, I’d like to emphasize that we continue to deliver on our commitments of growing volume by filling up our footprint, solving labor problems, investing in automation, and building inventory to meet customer demand with improved fill rates all while maintaining a focus on liquidity and financial health. We are confident these investments will pay dividends over the long run and we remain committed to methodically executing our growth strategy driving long-term value creation for our shareholders. Now, let me take a moment to discuss our results and shed some light on some of the challenges and outlook. We went into Q1 with a good plan, but our overall results were impacted by a confluence of factors, including consumer and customer demand dynamics and the curve of the beef cycle, among other things. Allow me to touch on each segment. As we have previously mentioned to you, we have been expecting beef to come under pressure for some time. With higher cattle prices, we expected overall harvest to slow down, but that hasn’t happened yet. As such, we continue to draw on the herd, which continues to decline. This is putting pressure on spread margin in the business. We tightened our outlook range for the year. For pork, when you account for mark-to-market derivatives in the number, we flip back to breakeven as expected, but given continued supply and demand dynamics, we lowered our outlook for the year by 200 basis points. For chicken, when compared to expectations from last quarter, a few different things didn’t go as planned. Most notably, demand didn’t appear in the parts of the market where we had expected. As a result, we had to move things around and we experienced higher cost, a lower price environment and knock-on effects from a network standpoint. And last, it’s worth emphasizing our Prepared Foods segment, which delivered a great result for the quarter. We said we were going to grow dollar share and volume share with the strongest portfolio of brands in the categories where we compete and we have done just that. We are feeling good about the outlook for the balance of the year. And our international business continues to build momentum in terms of volume and sales growth. With the end of COVID lockdowns, particularly in China, we expect good year-over-year comps. We will dive deeper into this during the discussion of segment results and the Q&A portion of the call. Now, let’s turn to our growth numbers. Sales improved 2.5% year-over-year. And as we delivered record first quarter revenue for a total company and individually in chicken, Prepared Foods and International Other, we are focused on driving growth in these segments, which will enhance our margin profile over time. We continue to see benefits of our efforts to optimize our existing footprint, add new capacity, adjust our product mix by plant, and match our portfolio more closely with customer and consumer needs. Prepared Foods revenues increased 8.8% for the quarter driven by both volume growth and pricing actions implemented in the prior year. Positive momentum continues to build in Prepared Foods, as it delivered sequential quarterly improvement in revenue since the fiscal fourth quarter of 2021, driven primarily by the strength of our retail brands. Beef revenue was down 5.6% compared to prior year. Lower average sales price driven by the decreased value of beef cut out more than offset the increased volume from higher headcount throughput. Compared to prior year, pork revenue was down 6% for the quarter. This was driven by decreased volume due to balancing supply with customer demand, partly offset by increase in average sales price. Chicken revenue increased 9.6% compared to prior year driven by volume growth from increased domestic production and pricing initiatives and an elevated inflationary cost environment. In international, revenue growth remained strong, up 11.3% compared to prior year quarter. This was driven by our investment in capacity, innovation and brand to support market share growth. In the next few slides, we will detail our success winning in retail marketplace with our advantaged brands in advantaged categories. The retail categories in which we participate are highly consumer relevant with the vast majority remaining elevated relative to pre-pandemic and demonstrating growth over the prior year. With our iconic retail brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, and BallPark, Tyson core business lines outpaced total food and beverage and our peers in volume growth, up 9% relative to a year ago per Nielsen. Tyson core business lines also grew pound share by 2 points this quarter relative to year ago for Nielsen, continued to be market share leader in most of the retail core categories in which we compete. We delivered both dollar and pound share growth in both the aggregate and across day parts compared to a year ago, most notably in the morning meal occasion. Our brands continue to perform well as we see elasticities below historical levels. Additionally, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, and BallPark, all hold favorite brand status with consumers in the categories in which we compete, highlighting our brand strength relative to our peers. Consumers spend on relevant categories and brands they know and trust. The trajectory of our Tyson Core business lines volume share growth shows, the recovery we have seen since April and the momentum we now have. We have improved fill rates and on-shelf availability. Price gaps relative to competitors have narrowed while we continue to invest in merchandising and advertising to support our brands. These factors, along with other strong business fundamentals, resulted in sequential quarterly share growth in Tyson core business lines commanding a 5-year record high market share of nearly 28%. It is evident we are delivering the brands and products that consumers desire. While the foodservice industry is yet to recover to pre-pandemic traffic levels, the Tyson Focus 6 group is outperforming pre-pandemic volume sales, up 2.7 and 1.7 share points in the latest 52 weeks according to NPD SupplyTrack data. The Tyson Focus 6 group is also outpacing both total broadline and its respective categories, up 11.7% in volume sales and 0.6 share points in the latest 52 weeks compared to last year per NPD. We believe strongly in our foodservice portfolio and are confident in the path to continue to grow this business as we align with key growing customers to build momentum for the future. Our team members are essential to providing the products our customers and consumers’ demand. We are seeing business results from making significant investments to become the most sought after place to work by investing in our team members’ experience. Recent highlights include expanding access to benefits with Day 1 eligibility, enhanced parental leave policies, expanding mental health benefits and citizenship support at no cost to our U.S. team members. In November, as recognition for our Tyson immigration program’s commitment to improving the lives of immigrant team members, we received the prestigious Keepers of the American Dream award from the National Immigration Forum. We also just completed what we have been calling Project Next Frontier. We are setting the foundation for an HR shared service model focused on process and system efficacy and better overall HR service delivery for our team members, setting us up for savings in the future. I am pleased to report we are also progressing as expected with our North American headquarters consolidation focused on building our OneTyson culture. In addition to realizing savings, we are collaborating, innovating and working with greater speed and agility to serve our customers. I would also like to thank our team members for their dedication that led to Tyson Foods number one ranking on Fortune Magazine’s list of the world’s most admired companies in food production category for the seventh consecutive year. Following the strong outperformance of expectation in fiscal 2022, the productivity program is on track to meet expectations this fiscal year and to deliver the $1 billion of recurring savings commitment a year earlier than originally promised. We expect this program to translate from a onetime initiative to sustained year-on-year productivity improvements, supporting our bottom line on a continued basis. Examples of initiatives in our productivity program include leveraging data analytics to improve inventory visibility, mitigating distressed pounds, a direct plant shipment program, which continues to bring on new customers and categories, removing miles from the roads and driving efficiency in our distribution network. This is an example of how our scale drives competitive advantage. Investing heavily in automation, we recently rolled out automated sandwich hand wrap and burrito assembly capabilities as well as an automated line to serve snacking production. We have also continued to scale our chicken debone automation across multiple facilities and we are piloting a robotic tray pack machine that is showing promising results, expanding our smart factory program to digitize our plants to new sites as well as exploring opportunities to digitize our processes. Our progress displays how Tyson remains focused on optimizing our business processes, digitalizing the supply chain increasing automation and aggressively managing SG&A across our operations. Before I turn the call over to John to walk us through more detail on our financial results for the quarter some final comments. Our segments individually and in aggregate have clear and compelling roles within Tyson’s portfolio strategy to deliver sustainable, high-quality growth at good value. We have a powerful and diverse portfolio across proteins and channels around the world. We have products for consumers across proteins and price points, delivering performance that supports the company’s long-term earnings objectives and desirable return for shareholders. We are modernizing our operations with our productivity program and are building a team positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. Again, we entered Q1 with a good plan to execute our strategy. That led to solid top line growth and strong performance in Prepared Foods. Market dynamics and some operational inefficiencies impacted our profitability. We see opportunities to become more agile and efficient, which will further improve our operational execution. We remain committed to executing our growth strategy and are confident we will grow volume, revenue and operating income in the back half of fiscal year 2023 and have a long runway of growth ahead of us. With that, I will turn the call over to John.
John Tyson: Thanks, Donnie. First, let’s review a summary of our total company financial performance then we can dive deeper into the detail for the individual segments. As Donnie stated, sales were up year-over-year for the first quarter, benefiting from both volume growth and disciplined revenue management to offset elevated inflationary increases in our cost of goods. Looking at our sales results by channel, retail drove $324 million of top line improvement led by Chicken and Prepared Foods. Our industrial and other channel sales increased by $108 million, led by beef and chicken and this was offset by slight decreases in sales to the foodservice and international channels. As expected, given the record strength of beef a year ago, we delivered lower adjusted operating income in the prior year of $453 million. This translated to an adjusted earnings per share of $0.85. Now, turning to the adjusted operating income bridge, we significantly grew Prepared Foods earnings in the quarter, but underperformance in chicken, pork and beef led to $979 million lower operating income compared to the prior year. While pricing actions led to an improvement of $222 million, higher input costs per pound increased cost of goods sold by $1.3 billion. About two-thirds of this increase was driven by inflationary impacts on raw material and supply chain costs. The remainder was primarily due to a shift to producing more value-added mix, higher labor costs and unfavorable derivative impact. Excluding the impact of restructuring, SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales was down to 3.7% from 4.3% in the prior fiscal year as we continue to eliminate non-value-added spend across our business while investing to support the future growth of our brands. Our productivity program continues to play a critical role in the long-term improvement of our margin profile. Now to the individual segment results. Starting with the Beef segment, sales in the quarter remained strong at more than $4.7 billion, but were down 5.6% compared to record high sales in the prior year. Volume gains of 2.9% were supported by improved staffing for higher throughput, while the average sales price was down 8.5% due to softer domestic demand for Beef. Live cattle costs increased approximately $530 million in the quarter as cattle supplies continue to tighten. Net-net, segment operating income for beef was $129 million for an operating margin of 2.7% off the previous year’s historical record first quarter margin of 19%. We saw higher cattle prices as beef herd numbers continue to decline. We will continue to monitor the beef cutout value and balance our supply with customer demand during a period of margin compression while pushing volume growth in case-ready and premium branded products. Although the near-term operating environment remains challenging, we have reasons to believe in our long-term outlook for beef. This outlook is supported by our investment in strategic supplier relationships that provide higher quality beef, a growing global demand, specifically in Asia, and the strengthening drop credit as well as opportunities to shift our beef products up the value pyramid. Now, let’s look at the Pork segment. Sales were approximately $1.5 billion for the quarter, down 6% for the record high in the prior year. Average sales price gains of 1.4%, mostly driven by higher value specialty products were offset by volume decreases of 7.4%. International demand for U.S. pork products continues to be impacted by the strong U.S. dollar, while domestic demand is being affected by high retail prices despite the cutout realigning to historical norms. However, we are optimistic that when these factors normalize, demand will improve. We expect to see continued industry supply challenges in the fiscal year as the producer navigates herd health issues and higher input costs. On expenses, we incurred greater cost as lean hog costs increased approximately $55 million over the prior year. We also experienced an unfavorable year-over-year derivative impact of $35 million. Segment operating income was lower than expected at a loss of $19 million for the quarter, down from a profit of $160 million in the prior year. As we move forward, pork margins should be supported over time with the normalization and the strength of the U.S. dollar aiding future export demand, a strengthening drop credit and additional opportunity to shift pork products up the value pyramid, especially into our case-ready business. Now, let’s move on to the Chicken segment’s results. Sales were a record first quarter high at $4.3 billion, up 9.6% from the prior year. The sales increase was attributable to a 2.5% uptick in volume and 7.1% gain in pricing compared to the prior year quarter. Volume gains are due to a combination of strategic choices to maximize our capacity utilization and pursue an optimal mix strategy with products and customers. Our pricing results while improved were lower than expected. We pegged this to a combination of factors that influence chicken prices, mostly related to total protein availability, notably chicken and beef. We anticipate these factors easing in the back half of 2023 as beef availability lessened and total poultry harvest normalizes, providing support for improvement in our chicken prices. The fall in commodity chicken prices driven by heightened protein supply in the market and seasonal demand weakness does not change our strategy. Based on current USDA industry placement data, we are optimistic on our forward-looking supply conditions in the intermediate term. We intend to grow our domestic production to 42 million head per week during this fiscal year, which should enable us to improve our fixed cost leverage, grow volume and gain market share. We will continue optimizing our plant network and portfolio mix to maximize the profitability of our Chicken segment, particularly by growing our portfolio of value-added products, which remain in high demand. Operating income in the quarter was negatively impacted by $225 million of higher feed ingredient costs and an unfavorable year-over-year derivative impact of approximately $40 million. Net-net, our Chicken segment delivered operating income of $77 million in the first quarter. We see significant room for improvement in the long-term operating margin of our Chicken segment as there is still work to do to attain industry leading performance and we are optimistic it can be achieved due to the following: our diversified value-added portfolio with lower margin volatility, our brand strength with the highest consumer awareness and brand loyalty according to Nielsen data, our growth strategy, taking advantage of existing capacity, optimization of our portfolio by shifting from commodity to value-added products, and last, a further implementation of our productivity program as we ramp up more automation. Last, I want to turn to our Prepared Foods business. In this segment, we had a solid quarter with growth in both revenue and volume. This was driven by strong brands, increased support for our customers and pricing aimed at recovering the continued inflation. Revenue was approximately $2.5 billion for a record first quarter, up 8.8% compared to the prior year. Volume gains of 1.2% were driven by strength in retail, notably Jimmy Dean and improved customer fulfillment despite decreased volumes in foodservice. This quarter was our third sequential quarter of volume growth and we saw significant pricing power of our portfolio with a year-over-year increase of 7.6%. Driven by top line growth and productivity savings, we delivered segment operating income of $266 million for the quarter. The operating margin of 10.5% was up from 8% in the prior year. We are very pleased with the performance of this quarter in Prepared Foods, as this segment is critical to drive profitable growth for Tyson by valuing of Beef, Pork and Chicken commodity meat products. We continue to be optimistic for the outlook of this segment due to the following. Our diversified portfolio meets consumers across meal eating occasions and snacking occasions in all sales channels. We are outperforming our competition in retail with room to grow further market household penetration. Our comprehensive foodservice portfolio has opportunity to grow by regaining lost customers and broadening our customer base. We have got additional operational efficiencies to unlock by increasing plant utilization in addition to the implementation of our various productivity initiatives. And finally, we have an opportunity to innovate, expand and acquire into new spaces through new offerings, the growth of our existing products, and attractive disciplined approach to M&A. Now, turning to talk about our financial position. Building financial strength, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders remain the priorities of our capital allocation strategy. We produced operating cash flows of $762 million for the quarter and our leverage ratio finished the quarter at 1.6x net debt to adjusted EBITDA, demonstrating our commitment to a sound balance sheet. Focused primarily on new capacity and automation objectives, we invested nearly $600 million into our business in the first quarter to capitalize on projected demand growth over the next decade. Investment in the business, both organically and inorganically, is expected to generate returns at or above our 12% return on invested capital target over time. Our capital allocation priorities are first to invest in growth and productivity in our existing footprint. Then we will employ a disciplined M&A approach by investing in opportunities that fit well with our existing portfolio. Next, we remain focused on returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Notably, we will continue to support and grow the dividend for our shareholders as evidenced by its continuous payment since 1977 and annual increases each fiscal year since 2013. Our approach to share buybacks will continue to be managing for dilution and entering the market opportunistically when assessing for multiple factors. We returned nearly $500 million in cash to shareholders in the quarter through $169 million in dividends and $313 million of share repurchases. At Tyson, we utilize a disciplined capital allocation approach to invest in our business for both organic and inorganic growth and we returned cash to shareholders while maintaining a robust balance sheet. Now, let’s turn to the fiscal 2023 financial outlook. We are maintaining our total company sales guidance of $55 million to $57 billion, which implies a 3% to 7% sales growth for the year. Supported by the factors detailed earlier, we expect future Beef segment margins to be in a normalized range of 5% to 7% in the long-term. However, based on current market dynamics, we now expect to perform between 2% and 4% this fiscal year. Given the result in pork in the first quarter, we are lowering margin guidance for the year to be between 0% and 2%. Counter to normal seasonality for our pork segment, we expect the back half of the year to outperform the first half of the year. For our poultry business, we now expect full year margins to be between 2% and 4%, but gaining momentum through the year and exiting the fourth quarter at a margin above this range. Prepared Foods had a strong first quarter in performance as this is historically normal seasonality for the segment we are maintaining our expected full year margin performance to be between 8% and 10%. In international, we continue to see volume and sales growth year-over-year, and we anticipate improved profitability in fiscal 2023, driven by volume and revenue growth from new facilities ramping up. We remain committed to growing our business internationally, representing the fastest-growing protein consumption markets in the world. Our expectation for CapEx for the remainder of the year is unchanged at approximately $2.5 billion. Our expectations for productivity savings remain unchanged at $300 million to $400 million. Our net interest expense and tax rate are now expected to be around $330 million and 24%, respectively. We remain committed to our investment-grade rating and managing our net leverage ratio to be at or below 2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA over the long-term, providing optionality for inorganic investment and additional return of cash to shareholders. In summary, we had a slower start than expected, but are optimistic on the outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year and long-term. We have a great team, growing demand for our products, strong portfolio diversity and a differentiated asset footprint needed to win in the marketplace. Overall, we see some persistent market factors, some operational challenges, and some expected seasonality influencing our second quarter results. And therefore, we’re expecting total company volume, revenue and operating income to be meaningfully stronger in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. We remain in the strong financial position to support continued investment in our existing footprint, productivity and the support of our brands as we continue to grow our business and provide desirable returns for our shareholders. So with all that, I’ll turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions.
Sean Cornett: Thanks, John. We will now move on to your questions. Please recall our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today’s first question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning.
John Tyson: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay. I guess we need to focus in on the Chicken segment here. And I know in your prepared remarks, you made some comments about why things came up short this quarter. Can you talk about what was the big negative surprises, chicken prices? It sounds like there were some operational and executional issues. And also, as we look forward, can you talk about how quickly you expect some of those issues to resolve? And what gives you the confidence that they might improve over the remainder of the year? And then I have a follow-up.
Donnie King: Okay. Alexia, thank you and thank you for your question. I’ll start out with some broad comments, and we will get a little more tactical as it relates to chicken and then wait to your next question. But I would just simply tell you that Q1 was a very challenging quarter for us is the confluence of several external factors across all businesses. We saw market swings across all businesses and they were unpredictable and sizable. While we have opportunities to perform better and you would never hear me say anything other than that. This is the first time I’ve seen all markets work against us all at the same time. It’s the first time I remember market impacts being greater than those controllables that we have and the opportunity for improvement of them. As we think about moving forward, efficiency in our operations and our company will be a focal point for us. There are some places where we need to make decisions faster and, in some cases, better decisions. In some cases, we will need to adjust our business model. And in other cases, the accuracy of our projections has to be better than what we’ve demonstrated here in Q1. I’d remind you and everyone else that we’re not bigger than the market. And in Q1 and over time, markets will do their job, and we simply have to do ours. Q2 will be seasonally softer than Q1, and the back half will be better than the first half. While the back half will be better than the first half, we feel good about our business outlook. For example, we knew the beef herd is nearing the bottom of the cycle. We knew pork had heard health issues and that there would be incremental packing capacity coming online and it did. We did not expect the incremental beef, pork and chicken in the marketplace domestically in Q1, especially in light of the fact that the cost of animals and the cut out of the pricing was declining. Our Prepared Foods performed as expected, delivering on operating income. We grew share in both dollars and pounds in the quarter. And I would just – I have to remind everyone else before I get into chicken in the details is that we have a strong diversified portfolio, and we have confidence in our multi-protein strategy that it will deliver growth and shareholder value. Now let me go a little deeper as it relates to chicken, and we perhaps can go even deeper or later. In chicken, we have a differentiated model. We have the number one brand in chicken. We’ve talked often about the fact that our model doesn’t get the highest or lows of the commodity markets. This does not mean we’re not impacted. For example, we talked a lot about variable pricing models, we have those. And – but I would remind you that those pricing models have lags as well. As we started this year in chicken in particular, we had a good plan. We still like our chicken business, but there were a lot of moving parts in Q1. So what happened in Q1? Our volume was up 3% and our harvest pounds were up 15%. This is due to a mix shift from small bird bone-in to more of a boneless product, and it was part of our strategy. Our supply plan is dictated by our demand plan. This is a core tenet of our business. We plan for a strong November and December. If you’ll remember, for fresh chicken, if you remember, we shorted fresh chicken in the last 3 years in a significant way, and we had a plan in place this holiday season to not have that happen again. November and December were softer than we expected or planned for in retail fresh chicken. This created excess in our retail fresh chicken. Because of sales didn’t materialize in retail fresh. This triggered a resale or movement of products. The resale price was much lower than modeled for the original sale. So to help you a little bit, I would say, just to dimensionalize this, that about two-thirds of our miss was market-driven and about third of the miss was related to labor, yield and spend, some of which was associated with the movement of product because of the miss on fresh chicken, the movement of product from one location to another impacted labor, yield and created incremental freight costs. We also had some knock-on effects of building inventory as a result of this, inventory above our plan. And as a reminder, avian influenza impacted our pricing and volume on both cost and chicken leg quarters in the quarter. There was more chicken, beef and pork in the market than anticipated. So it sounds like a lot of excuses there. I get that. So what now what, so what are we doing? I’d tell you that we still have a great chicken business. We still have a good plan. We are cleaning up and have been cleaning up some issues from Q1 that I’ve talked about earlier. So as we think about from this day – or since Q1, we have to control the controllables. I would remind you that we are fully staffed, and we continue to invest in a better workplace experience through automation, etcetera. We are growing our business, servicing our customers and becoming the most sought-after place to work and we will compete with the very best in the chicken space. So, let me pause and get a follow-up question and we will go from there.
Alexia Howard: Thank you for that. Just moving quickly to the Beef segment, you’ve given us a range of 2% to 4% on the operating margin side now. Prior to that, it was more open ended just below your long-term guidance. What has become clearer? What is more certain now about the outlook for this year? And what gives you the confidence that it will come in within that range and not below it? Thank you and I will pass it on.
Donnie King: Alright. Thank you. I will – I’ll start out on this, and then I will flip it to Brady for a few comments. We’re moving closer to the bottom or to the trough of the beef cycle. We obviously were surprised at the amount of beef harvested in our Q1. There was a lot more beef on the market than what we had expected particularly in light of increased pricing – or excuse me, increased cost of cattle and at the same time, a decline in cut out. So that was a bit of a surprise to us. That’s a miss for us. But we are moving closer. We know that there are more hoppers being harvested. We know there are more cows being harvested. We know what those signs are that we are looking for in terms of when the herd would rebuild. And it’s going to require a rain or precipitation. It’s going to require the rancher to see more forage in hay. Availability, those are some of the things you need to look for. But as we’ve gotten a quarter closer to answer your question, Alexia, we – we see a little more clearly than now. We know that the trough is coming, but we wanted to – the number you see is a conservative number for us and making every effort to make sure that we guide you to where we see Q2 and the balance of the year going. And so Brady, let me see if you want to add anything to that. Welcome, Brady Stewart.
Brady Stewart: Thank you, Donnie. And certainly, your points relative to cattle availability and the look into the future is spot on the drought, lack of affordable hay and forage and higher overall supply chain costs are still driving cal liquidation in parts of the U.S. as we move out of this cycle of the cal liquidation and start to see some [indiscernible] replacements into the future, we will certainly have better visibility to the trough that you mentioned as well, Donnie. Why I am optimistic about the future? Is the team has worked diligently and effectively to strategically align ourselves with suppliers to ensure we have the supply required relative to higher grading cattle. We feel good about global demand, specifically on higher-grading beef products from a macro standpoint. We’re seeing some appreciation in drop credit values, specifically on specialty products, including fats and oils. And while it is hard to pinpoint the exact bottom based on the current drought and feedstock conditions, we are seeing some moderation and some signs of optimism relative to the drought conditions that we will keep an eye on moving into the future.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of questions. First, Donnie, you made a change at the top in the Chicken segment. Can you outline a little bit which changes are most important as we think about the next few years that you’d like to see and maybe why the change was made now?
Donnie King: Sure, Ken. I’d be happy to – David Bray was leading our poultry business. And I talked about in Q1 that we had some issues as it related to markets and the amount of protein on the market. The change that we made is a result of some of the controllables that I think we made some good decisions. I’d like to have seen those decisions faster and perhaps some better quality of decisions and there were things in Q1 as it relates to chicken that we could have done better. And I made the change. I went out immediately and recruited Wes Morris, who Wes has had has run many parts of our Chicken business. He’s led our Prepared Foods business, and he’s also led our Case-Ready beef and pork business. And they had an opportunity to pick up a great talent with many, many years of experience and know-how in this business, and we made the change. In terms of the overall organization, Shane Miller leaving our pork – or excuse me, our beef and pork business, our fresh meats business, the relocation got change. Shane is still actively engaged in the company. He and Brady are working through a transition. And so we – when Shane decided he could not move for reasons. By the way, Shane is still trying to figure out how he can get here and be a part of it. There are some personal things that he’s got to deal with. But we were fortunate to pick up Brady Stewart, who is the COO of another company, and he’s well versed in the pork business and the packaged meats business and could do a number of roles for us going forward. We’re very fortunate to be able to pick up both Wes and Brady in our organization, and we look for great things from them. But we’ve got a lot of upside and runway in the organization because of them. Recently, we announced Amy Tu leading our international business, along with a few other functions. But we’re excited about Amy and what she’s doing and her passion for the international market and her passion for growing Tyson in international markets. And I feel really good about where we are from an international perspective. I feel really good about where we are from a chicken perspective and the leadership there. I feel really good about where we are from a beef and pork perspective. If you click down one level as it relates to beef. That team is largely intact moving here, and some have, in fact, already moved here. So Stewart, you saw the numbers in Prepared Foods. Stewart has done a really nice job of challenging the business and upgrading pork raw material into this branded portfolio that we have. And then finally, today – actually today, Melanie Boulden is joining us. And so why Melanie and why a Chief Growth Officer, it was all in an effort to try to get a center of excellence here in Springdale, Arkansas around branding, marketing, communication and innovation. And Melanie has got great experience in consumer packaged goods and most recently, Chief Marketing Officer in a food and beverage company. So I’ll pause and take a breath right there, Ken, and wait for a follow-up.
Ken Goldman: No, no, that’s helpful. Thank you for that. I guess as my quick follow-up, it’s obviously not the largest segment you have, but since you mentioned international, it’s never made money. And I’m just curious. I’m not trying to be critical of it because, obviously, it’s – but in the long run, it’s going to be a business that should be very profitable for you and others. But what’s the strategy? Don, you’ve taken a much stronger tack toward, I think, profitability and margins and just efficiency than perhaps your predecessors have. Between you and Amy, what is the frac that we should expect that margin to be going on ahead?
Donnie King: Thanks, Ken. We do appreciate the interest in our International business. I would tell you that we’ve invested a great deal in plants. And with COVID over the last year, particularly in the foodservice channel, we’ve had some headwinds with that. Those have lessened. And we’re in a sweet spot there in terms of our alignment with global customers, many of which are in the food service channel. But we also have launched a branded portfolio across Thailand, Malaysia and China. And we feel good about that. It’s – they are doing – the brands are doing really, really well and provide not only innovation or outside the U.S., and we also take that innovation and we add that and we bring some of those things back to the U.S. But we feel good about it. It’s been an investment. It’s been a long time coming, but I think you will see here in ‘23, our international business delivered some really nice results for in the way of operating income. Amy, anything you would like to add to that?
Amy Tu: Ken thank you for the question and pointing out profitability, our non-profitability over the last few years. I think Donnie is absolutely right. This is our growth strategy. We’ve talked about in the past where global population growth will happen and will happen outside the United States. And so we’re taking our existing footprint right now. We’re putting in place the kind of execution fundamentals that we need to have. And then we’re also discussing with our other segments, the opportunities that lie before us, given the raw materials that we have here in the United States. But Donnie just put forward exactly what we have outside the United States with our strong brands. We are launching smart factories. We are able to do things more quickly outside the United States which will give us ultimately a benefit for the entire company. So more to come, but we are very excited about what we see right now.
John Tyson: Hey, Ken, Also, this is John. And I think it’s just worth pointing out. The business has been profitable over the last few years. And on an EBITDA basis, we look at something in the high single digits for that. So I think there is financial performance to support the continued investment there, but at the right...
Ken Goldman: Yes, there is more to do it. Okay, perfect. Thank you, John.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Donnie King: Hi, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, good morning. I want to ask a follow-up on chicken. Donnie, I think you characterized the underperformance in the first quarter as two-thirds of the market, one-third Tyson-specific as you look forward, understanding that your view is, and I think we would agree that recovery is underway in kind of commodity chicken fundamentals, what is the critical path from an internal standpoint to improve that business from here? I think last year, the focus was hatchability, that was a big opportunity around growing capacity utilization what are the focus points as we move through fiscal ‘23?
Donnie King: Thanks, Ben. I will make a few remarks, and then I’ll pass it to Wes for a little more detail. As I said in my opening comments to – also in the first question, we still feel really good about our chicken business. We think we have a good plan. Yes, we got hitting the mouth in Q1 because of all the protein on the market in Q1. And our tray pack, our fresh chicken business did materialize as we had expected. And so we kind a created – we created our own issue with that because of what happened in the market. But I would tell you, we still have tremendous opportunity and upside as we execute this business. And it’s nothing exciting, but it’s the fundamentals of labor and yield and spend and just maintaining growing this business to fill up our capacity and service the needs that we have. And I would remind you that you and everyone else that we place chickens based on what our demand plan looks like is in service of our demand plan. So as we go back and look at what happened in Q1 and think about the future, in Q1 strategically, the only thing that went awry was the fact that the demand didn’t materialize in the place at retail in which we thought it would. And so that triggered a number of other inefficient moves and activities. But again, we think Q1, you’ve seen the numbers, Q2 is seasonally softer. But as we start getting towards the to that Q3 time period, we feel good about it, and we don’t have something that’s broken here that like a hatch issue and a genetics issue, the time horizon for fixing this is much shorter than many of those things. Wes, anything you want to add to that?
Wes Morris: Yes. Good morning, Ben, and thanks for the opportunity. First, let me say how excited I am to be a part of Tyson Foods. This is a great chicken company. It’s got great people, great brands, great customers. And I want to echo what Donnie said around, we did a lot of foundational work and executed it very well. We said that we would improve our capacity utilization. We would staff our plants and they are at a record staffing level. We’ve added automation and got some opportunities as we start up that that negatively impacted our yield in Q1. And then we said we’d rebuild inventory post COVID to better service our customers and our order fill rate indicates that we did that well. And so from a live perspective, we performed very well. The volatility of our hatch numbers are behind us, and we did exactly what we said we were going to do on the live production side. And so that allows us to focus more of our energy on standing up that automation to its expected results. And to make sure we’re still meeting the needs of the consumer. But the one thing that’s obvious we can do better is understanding the consumer shifts in our business and making sure we got the right amount of birds in the right place at the right time.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, very good. Thank you. My second question is on the Prepared Foods business, a very strong start to the year. The guidance is unchanged. I know it’s early in the year, but implied in the guidance being unchanged is a moderation in the operating margin. So what is it that we would need to see for that to happen? How much of that is it’s early in the year and you want to get a little bit more of the fiscal year under your belt to adjust that guidance versus explicit view that things soften from here?
Donnie King: So let me make a comment, and then I’ll flip it over to Stewart. In terms of prepared, we did deliver what we said we would in Q1. We feel good about that on a go-forward basis with these iconic billion-dollar-plus brands that we have, we feel good about that. Stewart said in the last quarter that retail was really, really good, and we had some work to do as it relates to the food service side. And of course, we’re still not back to pre-COVID levels in the food service channel. And so there is some upside for that opportunities when that happens, but we need more demand there. I would tell you, even in all of that we continue to grow our share in the foodservice prepared and poultry business. But Stewart, why don’t you add some color to this?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Thanks for that, Donnie. Well, look, foodservice, as I said last quarter is operating from a very, very strong platform. And investors should expect to see that over the medium-term that, that business continues to grow and the profitability improves. And in the short run, we have got a job to do on foodservice, and I believe we are making progress there as I look at the pipeline that’s developing. Very strong performance on retail, but acknowledge that in the first quarter, some of that is seasonal as you look at some of the Sausage Breakfast, Sausage Products that we have. And we are taking some of that benefit. I feel good about the guidance we have given for the year. There may be a little bit of variability in some of the quarters. But I am really standing on the fact that this is a solid platform that we can continue to see go from strength-to-strength.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Hi guys. Thank you. Hi. Good morning. So, I guess coming back to chicken a little bit more deeply. I guess I am trying to just kind of square kind of the point on market kind of demand dynamics were a bit responsible for pretty unfavorable mix. And Donnie, you talked about your sales volumes in chicken up, I think 2.7%, but harvest up 15%. So, clearly and you talked about too much meat in the market. If I think about your own harvest levels up 15%, that would represent a pretty disproportionate amount of the increase in poultry production in the industry in the fourth quarter. And so I guess I am just trying to get a sense of when you say market was the source of weakness, is it just pricing, is it mix, or is it just – look, we saw the big bird cut up be down with commodity market pricing was bad, or is it just demand in your highest value channel or higher value channel in retail tray pack and you had to sell that meat into the big bird market at a discount at a lower value?
Donnie King: Let me make a few comments, and then I will let Wes add some color to this. The miss for us was clearly in our fresh chicken, our tray pack chicken at retail. That was where we stumbled. The demand for our branded retail products was very good, demand for our foodservice chicken products were all very good. The thing that has exacerbated this was the amount of overall protein in the marketplace in Q1, beef, pork and chicken. While our harvest pounds were up 15%, remember that we are converting all those pounds into a boneless form, right. That’s different. That’s a mix shift and a strategy change as we get out of some of the more small bird, whole body, 8 Piece type products. We talked about that last quarter. We have moved into a boneless mix in that area. And we have got more to come as it relates to that. But Wes, why don’t you cover some of the details?
Wes Morris: Yes. Adam, thanks for the question. Like I said before, we executed our live plan very well and did exactly what we said we were going to do. We did have a strategic mix change and had less bones. And then one of the other drivers was the impact of our sales of 2% to 2.5% of a lot of chicken depending on what size. Rebuilding our safety stock inventory. And then the seasonal increase in inventory to supply wings to the marketplace. But Adam, the way I would ask you to think about it is at a macro level, we did a very good job, and we absolutely had the right number of chickens. We simply had them in the wrong place based on the post-COVID changes. And so we had more than we needed in our fresh chicken business and came up short in some other areas.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then I guess, this goes to both the performance in the quarter and the change in outlook for the balance of the year, just you guys reported in mid-November, nearly halfway through the quarter at that point. I just – help me understand kind of where the information disconnect was between live production operations and financial planning that there was this big of a disconnect in the period? And in terms of the magnitude of the guided margin change for the rest of the year, is that just continued unfavorable mix? Is that cost? Is that contracting and pricing? I am just trying to make sure I understand the moving pieces on the magnitude of that margin change relative to three months ago.
Donnie King: Sure, Adam. So, I have said earlier that as a way of a reminder that we start with a demand plan and that over the past 3 years, we have not been able to service the demand in fresh chicken at retail. We were trying to correct that at this point. And every demand signal we had said that the demand was going to materialize and we place chickens accordingly. Remember, we placed those chickens for that November timeframe back in August. And so we were going – I understand your point about we are in November and we are having the last earnings call. A lot of things from that day forward, the demand didn’t show up in fresh chicken. A lot of the other things worked exactly the way we planned for them. And – but that trigger, if you think about fresh chicken, you typically put that products in a tray and then before you have the order. And when the order doesn’t show up, then you have to take it out of the tray or sell it in the tray at a discounted or in a distressed fashion. We had a lot of that in our Q1. And we have cleaned up that. We are still trying to get ourselves going back again. Q2 is going to be seasonally softer, variable pricing models and the lag associated with that. I mean we will get caught up with that. The back half of the year, we feel good about where we are going to be relative to that. And so Wes, that’s I think the first question, what about the second one?
Wes Morris: Yes. Optimistic about the path forward, the USDA is projecting Q2 numbers around 2%, which is a lot less chicken availability than the 77 increase we saw in Q1. Then when you couple that with 4% to 5% less cattle, you should have an overall protein per capita that is much smaller than what we saw in Q1. We are already seeing some changes in the marketplace. Since the end of the quarter, we have seen boneless go up the quarter. Wings are up around $0.14, $0.15. And so optimistic going forward that the chicken values will correct. We have talked about variable pricing on a lot of these different calls. And the good news is it’s much, much faster than the historical 1-year fixed price agreements. But unfortunately, it still has a short-term lag as these markets correct, it will take a minute to hit the self sheet.
John Tyson: Hey Adam, this is John, too. I think there is just a couple of other things that we have said that are worth reemphasizing. One is, and I think you asked a good question about, hey, what was going on, you have talked to this last time in November. I think in addition to all the poultry dynamics that Donnie was described here, I think there is still different of outlook as it relates to beef availability, which I think was maybe a little bit of a surprise. And then I think as it relates to the outlook for the year, if you just look at kind of what the public data says, I think it’s something like 25% to 30% more chicken meat in the freezer. And so our plan is to account for working through that, but it does take some time to work through that. And there are timing differentials between how the market recovers and where our pricing recovers. So, all of that influences just the shape of the year for us. And I think we have also said this, but just to make sure the listeners on the call get it today, Q2 will be softer for us in Q1. And we expect to see a recovery in what is our Q3 and Q4, the second part of our fiscal year.
John Tyson: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. I guess the follow-up is it sounds like there is no change to your production plan for chicken. I think you had a plan of 42 million head per week. Is that still the same? And I don’t know, like do you still have to harvest 15% more chicken now in order to satisfy the demand that you have three months from now? Is it – are you still at a 15% increase in production?
Donnie King: So, let me make sure I separate it for you. Great question, by the way. One is head and one is weight. The 15% is weight. The head is different. We have talked in terms of in fiscal ‘23, by the end of fiscal ‘23, we would be at about 42 million head a week. And that’s still the plan. I would also tell you that the plan is – I mean, the demand is there to support 42 million chickens a week. And if that changes, we will change. But that’s what we see right now as we look at the demand picture. The other thing that I think that – and I will just say it as we talked about the beef cycle and the pork cycle and herd health and so forth, I think it’s – if you look at what happened in Q1, I think every chicken company in America, read the headlines around there is going to be less beef, less pork, and the natural belief is that chicken will fill that gap. But the problem with all of that is there wasn’t a gap in beef and pork in Q1. And so I think you are seeing even now based on the numbers that Wes quoted earlier, you are seeing adjustments in the marketplace relative to that. And – but we will always balance our supply with what our demand needs are. And I just – it’s just the fundamental tenet of how we operate this business and have operated for many years.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I guess the follow-up is, I have gotten questions from investors asking whether this is an indication of much weaker demand from consumers. Would you describe it that way, or is it really oversupply that’s been the issue. And then in the back half of your fiscal year, you think that, that’s what’s going to correct? It’s not really demand needs to get better. It’s that the supply needs to normalize?
Donnie King: I think you are spot on relative to that. And you are – I think you are already seeing adjustments in terms of the supply plan. I would tell you and I don’t want to mislead you or anyone else on this. There is some, there is unusual erratic to describe a behavior as it relates between channel swapping and even parts of the store and how – what’s going on there. Swapping between proteins, all the normal things that you would know from all your years of covering this protein sector, they are all in play. But I think this is – I think in Q1, this was a supply issue first and foremost. Secondly, there was some shifting in what part of the store and what products were purchased.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to dig a little bit into if you could explain in more detail what happened on the derivatives in both cases chicken and pork? And if there is something else outstanding that might go wrong going forward and how you are planning on trying to not run into this? Because I think you said on pork, without the derivatives, it would have been positive, but then obviously, because of there has been were negative, so just to understand a little bit of that dynamic. That would be my first question.
John Tyson: Hey Ben, this is John. I think maybe just a couple of comments headlining on kind of how we are using hedging and derivatives as it relates to a risk management kind of overarching strategy. Generally speaking, what you would expect from us is to kind of have coverage in the near-term, coordinated with what our sales picture looks like with customers. And we really use it as a margin management tool more than any type of speculative tool. And so I think that just emphasizing that last point, we would not project any – there is no outside best sitting out there in terms of what the markets are going to be doing. We kind of keep things in close and use it more from a margin management standpoint.
Ben Theurer: Okay. And then just from a like general within prepared foods, I mean obviously, you had a very good quarter, both pricing still nicely up, but at the same time, volume was actually up. Can you help us understand how much of that volume was just recovery in some of the foodservice thing as you were saying, you still need to catch up here on the volume to get to pre-pandemic levels? And are you seeing any sort of elasticities or any headwinds on some consumers becoming a little more sensible to the price increases, just to understand the volume impact within it as it was still positive?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Sure. Well, Stewart here. I will just pick that up. So, first of all, look, like I said earlier, we have a very, very powerful platform here, both on the retail side and on the foodservice side. The increase in volume was not driven by food service. Foodservice for me is still a place where there is a lot of work to be done. A good platform, but opportunity to fill some plants to sell harder against volume that we lost during COVID. This was driven by the strength of retail. And what was really impressive in the quarter was the ability of our brands to gain price to offset some inflation and also to gain ground with consumers. But we are working closely with our customers. We are providing the right level of support for our brands. And I think this – the performance in this quarter just demonstrates the real strength of our retail platform. At the same time, there is ground that we can cover in innovation. I am pleased that Melanie is on Board. She is going to be a big help. There is ground we can cover from a productivity standpoint. Just in running our operations better. And certainly, we will start to fill up that foodservice volume.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the consumer demand piece and just understand you have said you have seen channel shifts and protein shifts and things that sound pretty typical. But in just a few weeks, the elevated SNAP party is going to be over. And just curious how you think about for that cohort, which it is a certain demographic. But – how do you think about that impact in your planning for the rest of the year?
Donnie King: Sure. I will start and then offer it up to anyone else that may have something to add. But I think it’s – if you look at the information that we see, it says the consumer is working through savings. In the middle of the pandemic, they were able to bank a lot of savings. And over the last little bit they have been working through that savings. And I think many consumers are now out of that – those savings and/or at least nearing the last of it. And so I would expect the consumer to be under more pressure as we move forward in this year. And – but I would also remind you that as a company, if you look at our brands and we cover the spectrum across proteins. We have a product for every consumer across various proteins and price points. So, we feel very good about the fact that we can intersect with that consumer wherever they are. And that’s I think a good position to be in and are the best position you can be in. And so we will see how it turns out. But we don’t know any more about that than you do today.
John Tyson: Yes. I would add two things to what Donnie is saying. Number one, if you think about the kind of prepared and retail branded side of our business, we have been paying attention to what the consumer is doing and feeling over the last few quarters and we continue today. I think the good news is even in these times where the outlook for the economy is evolving, we have had pretty steady growth and pretty strong performance in that part of our business, which tells us that while, yes, there may be a lot of behavioral changes going on in the economy, we see consumers come into the brands and the categories that we are in repeatedly. So, I think we feel good about that. On the second point I want to make is from a – how to say it, the supply and demand balancing on the kind of fresh and frozen more commodity protein side of our business, has more influence on how we are performing than does the macro situation because people are going to continue to eat protein. They may cut back on other things, but food is not one of them.
Michael Lavery: That’s helpful. And just a follow-up on the beef spreads you have called out the drivers of the pressure near-term. But any sense of how long before it can rebound? And I know you don’t want to get into fiscal ‘24 really, but maybe any just directional guardrails of how to think about it? Is this going to be more of the same for a while? Is there something you can point to that’s a catalyst one way or the other, just a little bit maybe longer look if there is anything you can add there?
Donnie King: Yes. I mean it’s I wish I could be here before you today and tell you I knew when that was going to happen. But there is kind of some prerequisites before we are going to see [indiscernible] retention, which is going to be driven by better precipitation, getting past the drought and for ranchers to see to have hay that’s more affordable and forage land to be able to feed those animals. I don’t think you are going to see [indiscernible] retention in a meaningful way until those things occur. And I have listened to every expert that’s been through all of these cycles through all of these years. And I have been through a couple of them myself. It’s I get a number somewhere between the spring of ‘23 and the spring of ‘24. And that’s how variable it could be. What I can tell you is the harvest of [indiscernible] and the harvest of cows continue. And in a lot of cases, people are paying up for those animals to sell them at a – for a lesser cut out. So, that’s what I can tell you about it, Brady, anything you would add to that?
Brady Stewart: No, Donnie. Donnie, I think you covered it very well. We have a different situation today than we have in the past as well relative to some of the interest rate pressures. That certainly will have an impact as these ranchers decide to retain [indiscernible] as well. So, that coupled with some of the weather and impacts that we see certainly create the uncertainty that you outlined.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Eric Larson with Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson: Hi. Yes. Thanks for taking my question. It’s on the beef cycle again. And it is – I guess it’s not surprising that we continue to see call it [indiscernible] slaughter. But I guess the question that I have, and it’s related to this, we are at 50-year kind of low on these various cattle sectors. And it seems like the recovery for this will certainly take quite a bit longer than maybe I would have expected. Is that – and now when you have got new capacity coming on stream from some more competitors, what does the increase in capacity with lower and maybe more sustainable lower supplies mean for the mid to longer term margin for your business?
Donnie King: Yes, I will make a few comments, and Brady can step in on this. I mean I think you have described it very well in terms of what the levers are here. Everything you have said I think I agree with what you have said and how you characterize it. And you have also described this future state where there will be more packing capacity with fewer animals. And so if you build the capacity, these are – for these large plants, you can spend $1 billion to build the beef plant. So, if you spend $1 billion to get a beef plant, you are going to process animals. And so that could all likelihood drive up the price of the cattle that are available at that point. But you are going to get some pushback with the consumer if you try to cover that or try to get cut out to cover that. So, I see all the same pressures and dynamics that you just outlined. And it’s going to take a bit to rebuild the herd. And once we get to whatever the bottom is, I mean we are looking at 2-plus years to be able to see some better times. Brady?
Brady Stewart: Thanks for that, Donnie. I think there is a couple of other factors that we need to consider as we come out of the cycle. And one of them is certainly relative to export demand. And we have seen an increase in terms of demand from our export partners relative to higher grading cattle. I think that is an anomaly relative to cycles that we have certainly seen in the past, and it’s something that we will be watching as well. Now, we have seen the strength that I mentioned earlier relative to some of the drop values in byproducts as well. So, certainly combining not only the supply factors that you touched on from a live cattle perspective, but also the demand factors that are going to come into play from both our export customers and our domestic customers is certainly a focal point for us.
Eric Larson: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back to management for any final remarks.
John Tyson: Sure. This is John again. And just a couple of things to wrap up on. We want to make sure we got to cover with you before I hand it to Donnie to close it off. I think the first thing, if we think about the top line guidance that we have given, our outlook there is probably in the bottom half of that range just to kind of crystallize where we are today. And I think the second thing is we didn’t really have to touch on capital allocation today, although I know it’s a point of interest for many folks. And our capital expenditure outlook for the year is firm at or around that $2.5 billion number. But I think what we would guide to as we look forward, that’s probably the high watermark. And for us, our priorities are kind of preserving financial strength and flexibility, investing for returns in our business and then after that, being disciplined on M&A, dividends and share repo. So, I just want to make sure people understood kind of what the outlook was like there. And yes, I think with that, Donnie, I will hand it back to you just to close it out.
Donnie King: Alright. Thank, John. We are building a world-class business organization positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. We remain confident that our strategy will deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. We thank you all for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brandon Tucker, Senior Manager, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brandon Tucker: Hello, and welcome to the fourth quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call for Tyson Foods. Prepared remarks today will be provided by Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John R. Tyson, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Shane Miller, Group President, Fresh Meats; Stewart Glendinning, Group President, Prepared Foods; David Bray, Group President, Poultry; and Amy Tu, Group President, International and CAO, will join the live Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments which are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which may cause our actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note, the references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. I will now turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thank you, Brandon, and thank you to everyone for joining us for the call. Earlier today, we announced our fourth quarter and total fiscal year 2022 results. We showed record annual financial performance, including revenue, adjusted operating income and earnings per share. I'm grateful for the hard work and dedication of our team members. Our results would not have been possible without them. In this challenging macroeconomic environment with historically high inflation, consumer demand for protein remains relatively steady. We remain well positioned to serve this demand. We leveraged our diverse protein portfolio across multiple channels and brands to meet customer and consumer needs across a broad range of products and price points, serving an estimated one-fifth of U.S. protein consumption. And as proven by our double-digit sales growth, our portfolio of value-added and branded products positions us uniquely to win. In addition to growing sales, we are also aggressively mitigating inflationary cost and SG&A expenses through a disciplined revenue management and enterprise-wide productivity actions, including investments in automation to improve operational excellence and efficiency. As we progress our efforts to be the most sought after place to work, we continue to listen to our team members' needs and invest in areas like childcare to provide a better quality of life for our team members. We're beginning to see results from these investments through improved staffing levels and reduced turnover. Before I discuss our financial performance, let me provide a bit of strategic context. As you are well aware, we have a strong and disciplined strategic growth plan. In this past year, we continue to methodically execute against this plan as we strengthened our position as a global protein leader. Our growth strategy is built on five key pillars: transforming our team member experience; growing with our customers to service demand; investing in digital and automation to drive operational excellence; restoring competitiveness in our Chicken segment; and leveraging our financial strength to invest in the business and return cash to shareholders. I'm pleased to report that we have executed on each of these imperatives and delivered what we said we would, entering the fiscal year. Our commitment to strengthening our position as a global protein leader and driving value creation for our shareholders is the most important goal for our team. Having the right leadership team in place is also imperative as a global protein leader. To accomplish this, we recently announced changes in our executive leadership team, which we believe will drive improved results across our organization. Overall, we feel good about our performance. We saw a lot of really good things. We delivered record sales, revenue and earnings. The Chicken turnaround progressed as promised. Beef performed better than expected. And Prepared Foods is seeing positive volume momentum exiting the year. With that strategic context, let's turn to our financial performance. Compared to our initial fiscal year guidance, we exceeded our total company sales and Beef margin guidance. And we met guidance on Chicken and Prepared Foods margins. We managed our balance sheet and sit today at a leverage ratio comfortably below our guidance. Sales improved 7% for the fourth quarter and 13% year-over-year. We delivered record sales revenue as a company and across each of our four largest operating segments. We delivered record annual adjusted operating income of $4.4 billion, up 3% over the prior year. As expected, our fourth quarter earnings were lower compared to the prior year, but this was almost entirely due to record strength in Beef a year ago. Our operating income performance translated to adjusted earnings per share of $1.63 for the fourth quarter and a record $8.73 for the full year, up 5% from last year. Turning to our results on volume. We're continuing to optimize our existing footprint, add new capacity, adjust our product mix by plant and match our portfolio more closely with customer and consumer needs. We saw benefits of our efforts in the fourth quarter as total company volume increased 2.1%. We are building positive momentum and remain confident that our strategy will enable us to grow volumes across all segments long term. Chicken volumes increased 1.1% in the quarter compared to the prior year, driven by increased domestic production. In Prepared Foods, volumes were relatively flat in the quarter compared to the prior year. We are gaining momentum delivering sequential quarterly improvement, driven primarily by the strength of our retail brands. The categories in which we play continue to be highly consumer-relevant with the vast majority remaining elevated relative to pre pandemic. In a few slides, we'll discuss our strong share performance. Compared to prior year, Beef volumes were up 5.1% for the quarter, driven by higher head throughput and carcass weight, improving from a full year volume deficit of 1.5% in the third quarter. We finished the year relatively flat. Pork volumes were down 1.1% for the quarter compared to prior year due to limited hog supply and reduced export demand. In International, volumes continue to grow, up 7.3% compared to the prior year quarter driven by our investments in capacity, innovation and brands that support market share growth. As we look ahead, one thing that excites me is the momentum I see in our branded retail business. It is evident that we are delivering the brands and the products that consumers want. With our iconic retail brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park, Tyson core business lines outpaced total food and beverage and our peers in growth up 18% in volume sales in the last 13 weeks compared to pre-pandemic levels per Nielsen data. According to Nielsen data, Tyson core business lines grew volume share by 2.6 points this quarter compared to pre-pandemic levels, while also growing share relative to a year ago. We continue to be the market share leader in the majority of the retail core categories in which we compete while also gaining share in 7 of these 9 core categories. We experienced the greatest share gains in frozen protein breakfast, smoked sausage and corn dog category. Our brand strength relative to our peers is undeniable as Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park, all hold favorite brand status with consumers in the categories in which we compete. Many of our retail businesses continue to outperform total food and beverage and remain highly relevant to consumers and therefore, elevated in consumption. Consumers will continue to spend on relevant categories and brands they know and trust. This data shows the recovery we're seeing versus a year ago and the momentum we are gaining as we move into fiscal 2023. We have made steady progress improving fill rates and on-shelf availability as we focus on serving our current customers and attracting new customers to grow our distribution and volume. Additionally, we took various degrees of pricing in our key categories earlier this fiscal year to offset inflationary cost pressures. Recently, we have seen competitors followed by increasing their prices nearing Tyson's price gap relative to our competitors. This is supporting improved volume performance across our portfolio of prepared foods products as we are continuing to see price elasticities remain below historical levels. We're investing strategically in merchandising and advertising to support the long-term health of our brands as their strength enables continued growth in both, dollar and volume retail share. These factors, along with our strong business fundamentals, resulted in sequential quarterly share growth in many of our key retail category and we expect our retail share growth to continue. While the foodservice industry has yet to recover to pre-pandemic traffic levels, the Tyson Focus 6 group is outpacing both total broadline and respective categories and volume sales, up 18.9% and 0.9 share points in the last 52 weeks compared to last year according to NPD supply track data. The Tyson Focus 6 group composed of value-added chicken, breakfast sausage, dinner sausage, pepperoni pizza toppings, bacon and Philly Steak is also up 1.7 volume share points in the last 52 weeks compared to pre-pandemic levels. We believe strongly in our foodservice portfolio and are confident there is immediate and long-term growth ahead of this business as we align with key growing customers and execute our strategy across all categories to build momentum for the future. Our team members are essential to providing the products to our customers and consumers demand. Staffing levels and the impact on operational throughput were a challenge in our business. We continue to make significant investments in our team members' experience, prioritizing these three key areas of health, safety and well-being of our team members, total rewards and team member growth and our One Tyson culture with digitalization as a key enabler. We're now seeing business results from investing in becoming the most sought after place to work. Examples of these investments are free education, child care solutions, citizenship support, transportation, maternity and paternity leave and expanded mental health and well-being benefits. In August, we received national recognition for our innovative ridesharing program benefiting team members across the nation. The program provides an option for team members who may have difficulty assessing reliable transportation to get to work and is improving their quality of life. Investments in enhanced benefits, digitalized processes and tools and career growth opportunities for our team members are paying off. In October, we announced our One Tyson corporate office consolidation to world headquarters in Springdale, Arkansas. The move will enable excellence and execution by bringing our corporate business unit roles together on one campus, driving a culture that optimizes collaboration, innovation, accelerate speed and facilitates career growth for our team members. The feedback we've received from our customers for this change has been well received. These investments we're making in our people are part of our broader effort to evolve our business from an environmental, social and governance perspective. Today, we are focused on 3 core pillars of our ESG framework, the formula to feed the future. Those 3 pillars are reimagining people and community impact, driving product responsibility from farm to table and working toward achieving net zero. In July, we released our sustainability report for 2021, which highlights our ambition to become the world's most sustainable and transparent protein company. In addition to the investments in people mentioned, we also highlighted in our report our efforts around animal welfare, sustainable packaging, minimizing waste, water stewardship and working within our operations and supply chain to reduce emissions. Significant progress was achieved in the past fiscal year in improving our scores and metrics within ESG rating agencies. We are particularly proud of a more than 30% increase in our Dow Jones Sustainability Index score year-over-year, and we're taking more steps to continue to improve our standing with ESG stakeholders. In the past fiscal year, our productivity program outperformed on our commitments, delivering over $700 million in savings impact across all components of our business. This performance indicates how Tyson has remained focused on optimizing our business processes, digitalizing our supply chain and increasing automation and aggressively managing SG&A across our operations. We expect the productivity program will continue to outperform our original expectations of more than $1 billion in recurring savings by the end of fiscal year 2024. The program is now on track to deliver this commitment by the end of fiscal year 2023, a year earlier than expected. As mentioned before, these recurring savings support the partial offset of inflationary pressures while at the same time, improving our competitiveness in the marketplace. Automation remains a top priority, and I'm very pleased with the aggressive rollout of automation technologies across all segments in fiscal year 2022, including continuing to scale debone automation in our poultry operations and pack-out automation across all businesses. I will now turn the call over to John to walk us through more detail on our financial results for the fourth quarter.
John R. Tyson: Thank you, Donnie. Let me turn first to a summary of our total company financial performance. We're pleased to report resilient fourth quarter and record annual performance in the fiscal year. Sales were up for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year, benefiting from our pricing initiatives to offset the increase in cost of goods. Volumes were up for the fourth quarter and relatively flat for the full year as we overcame supply constraints in an elevated inflationary environment pressuring consumer demand. Looking at our sales results by channel for the fiscal year. Retail drove $1.4 billion of top line improvement, while the ongoing recovery in the foodservice channel drove an increase of $2 billion. Fiscal year sales in international markets, including both domestically and internationally produced products, were $1.3 billion greater than the prior year as we leverage our global scale to grow our business. Donnie covered our operating income and earnings per share results, so I won't repeat. Slide 16 bridges operating income for the fiscal year, which was $126 million greater than the fiscal 2021. We significantly improved earnings in our Chicken segment and generated higher earnings in Prepared Foods, which more than offset the expected decline in Beef earnings. Our pricing actions, which offset the higher input costs, led to higher sales during the year. We saw notable year-over-year increases of 20% to 25% across the business in cost of goods, including labor, feed ingredients, live animals and freight costs. Investment in growth is our priority. To facilitate this growth, an additional $80 million in SG&A expenses compared to last fiscal year was invested in team members, marketing, advertising and promotional spend to support our brand and digitalization initiatives, among other things. While SG&A expenses increased, SG&A as a percentage of total sales was down to 4.2% from 4.5% in the prior fiscal year, reflecting our continued focus on assessing all expenses across the business to identify non-value-added spend and continuing to build leverage across the scale of our business. As mentioned by Donnie, we significantly accelerated our productivity actions to improve efficiency across all segments during the past year, which has had a meaningful positive impact on our margin profile. Our year-to-date results clearly demonstrate that our diverse portfolio supports our growth objectives of growing faster than the overall market, improving operating margins and driving strong returns for our shareholders. Now moving to the Beef segment. Sales were approximately $4.9 billion for the fourth quarter, down 3% versus the same period last year, but up 10% for the fiscal year at nearly $20 billion. Sales in the quarter remained strong, supported by higher volume, but offset by lower average sales price. Global consumer demand for beef products remains strong. We expect volumes to remain stable next year amid tightening supply of cattle, offset by improved labor participation, supporting higher plant productivity. On expenses, we incurred greater costs during the fiscal year compared to the prior year as live cattle costs increased approximately $2 billion. But we have sufficient livestock available to finish the year, and we continue to have ample supply to support our operations. We delivered segment operating income of $2.5 billion for the year, and our fiscal year operating margin of 12.5% was a very strong performance by historical standards. We still expect future beef margins to be in a normalized range of 5% to 7% over the long term. Looking next to the Pork segment. Sales were approximately $1.6 billion for the quarter and $6.4 billion for the fiscal year, down 3% and up 2%, respectively, versus the prior year. Global demand remains challenged by high domestic retail prices and the strong U.S. dollar, making U.S. pork relatively expensive as compared to alternative sources globally. For the year, the average sales price increased 4.1%, offsetting the decrease in volume of 1.9%. We expect these headwinds to impact pork volumes next year to a lesser extent than the past year. Segment operating income and margins were $198 million and 3.1%, respectively, for the fiscal year. The operating income deterioration was driven by herd health issues negatively impacting hog costs and a constrained cut out compressing pork margins in the elevated inflationary environment, increasing operating costs overall. While the Q4 result was negative operating income, we do expect to flip back to positive returns in Q1. Moving now to Prepared Foods. Sales were approximately $2.5 billion for the quarter, up 12% relative to the same period last year. For the fiscal year, sales increased 9.4%, driven by the higher average sales price increase of 13.5%, partially offset by the volume decline of 4.1%, in which 0.9% of the decline was due to the sale of our pet treats business. Volume performance improved in the fourth quarter as our investments in brands and merchandising drove an increase in portfolio market share. Our fourth quarter result, which was roughly flat versus last year, was our strongest performance this year and better than the competition, which underscores the strength of our brands. We expect volume to grow sequentially next year, driven by foodservice recovery, improved supply and continued investment in our brands. Operating margin for the segment was 5.8% or $147 million for the quarter, up 4.1% compared to last year. For the fiscal year, our operating margin was 8.1%, up 0.5% compared to the prior year at $782 million. Now, on to the Chicken segment's results. Sales were $4.6 billion for the quarter, up 19%. And for the full year, sales were up 24% at $17 billion. Volumes improved both for the quarter and fiscal year as we gained momentum in the improvement of our live operations. We expect this operational improvement to continue driving sequential quarterly volume growth into next fiscal year. Average sales price increased by approximately 18% for both the quarter and the fiscal year compared to last year. Our shift in pricing mechanisms to more variable structures, allowing us to be more agile in response to market conditions was a key decision by our management team. Chicken delivered operating income of $337 million or 7.3% for the fourth quarter and $926 million or 5.5% margin for the total fiscal year. Respectively, this represents margin improvement of 10.2% and 5.3% over the prior year comparable periods. This quarter, we surpassed our goal of processing 40 million head per week by the end of the fiscal year. We intend to continue to grow next year to 42 million head per week, enabling us to maximize our fixed cost leverage and grow market share along with our value-added business. With live operations on a positive trajectory, we will continue optimizing our plant network and portfolio mix to maximize the profitability of our Chicken segment. I am pleased with the tremendous progress we have made against our road map to restoring competitiveness in this business. However, there's still work to do to attain industry-leading performance, and I look forward to more great things to come from the team on this one. Now turning to slide 20. Our healthy cash flows and improved balance sheet have continued to support our disciplined capital allocation approach with a focus on total shareholder return. We remain focused on building financial strength, investing in our team members and business and returning cash to shareholders. We produced $2.7 billion of operating cash flows in fiscal year ‘22. This is after funding a $2.1 billion increase in working capital, which included an investment of $1 billion in inventory to better service our customers as well as the impact of cost inflation. Additionally, we had other planned working capital outflows associated with taxes paid on the divestiture of our pet treats business, payment of a portion of deferred payroll taxes from the CARES Act and the settlement of certain legal accruals. Our leverage ratio finished the year at 1.3 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA, demonstrating our powerful balance sheet and our continued capital allocation optionality. Investing in our business for both organic and inorganic growth and operational efficiency will continue to be an important priority as we utilize a disciplined capital allocation and balance sheet management approach to invest in desirable projects, brands, categories and geographies. We also maintain a disciplined M&A approach, investing in opportunities that fit well with our existing portfolio or our growth objectives, such as the recent acquisition in Saudi Arabia, providing access to the growing Halal market. While M&A will always be a consideration for growth, we're focused first on investing in growth in our existing footprint. This will facilitate Tyson increasing production capacity, market capabilities and profitability, providing return on capital generation above the market and at a minimum of 12% return on invested capital for our shareholders as our long-term target. To address projected demand growth over the next decade, we invested $1.9 billion in our business in the past fiscal year, focused primarily on new capacity and automation objectives. Finally, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. For the fiscal year, we returned nearly $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through $653 million in dividends and $702 million of share repurchases as we continue to prioritize shareholder return. Let's now discuss the fiscal 2023 financial outlook. We anticipate total company sales between $55 billion and $57 billion, and also expect volume growth compared to the prior fiscal year. Both total company sales and volume growth in fiscal '23 will largely be driven by our Chicken, Prepared Foods and International businesses as we work to run our plants full, optimizing our existing footprint and utilizing new capacity expansions. To grow volumes in our Chicken, Prepared Foods and International businesses, construction is in progress of six new plants, all to be in operation by the end of fiscal 2023. We're building a value-added chicken plant in Danville, Virginia, and we're growing our bacon business with a new location in Bowling Green, Kentucky. And we're also expanding our footprint and increasing volumes outside the U.S. with three plants going live in China and one in Malaysia during 2023. These investments in the recently announced joint venture partnerships are fueling future growth, both organically and inorganically in our international business. We remain focused on growing internationally and on those fastest-growing protein consumption markets in the world. Now, as we touched on earlier, our productivity program is expected to deliver an additional $300 million to $400 million of savings during fiscal 2023 as we build upon the foundation laid across the enterprise this year with focus on operational and functional excellence, digital solutions and programmatic automation initiatives. To continue to capitalize upon the organic growth opportunities ahead for our business, we expect to increase CapEx spending to approximately $2.5 billion during fiscal 2023 to pursue a healthy pipeline of projects with strong return profile. We currently expect our adjusted tax rate to be around 23%, and we anticipate net interest expense of approximately $320 million. Liquidity is expected to significantly exceed our minimum target and net leverage is expected to remain below 2 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA. We expect strong and meaningfully better operating cash flows in fiscal 2023 as we do not expect to invest as much in working capital as experienced in the past fiscal year. Now, finally, let's look at how each of our segments will contribute to our total company performance. As mentioned earlier, we continue to expect future Beef segment margins to be in a normalized range of 5% to 7% for the long term. However, based on current market dynamics, we expect fiscal 2023 to be at or below the low end of that range. In Pork, we expect return on sales between 2% and 4%. Due to normal seasonality for our Pork segment, we expect the front half of the year to outperform the back half of the year. We continue to invest behind our expanded case-ready capacity, increasing volume through organic growth with new and existing customers, underpinned by product innovation for both our Beef and Pork segments. Prepared Foods is expected to deliver margins during fiscal 2023 between 8% and 10%, driven by volume growth, productivity and disciplined revenue management. We expect volume, sales revenue and operating income to all increase through the fiscal year with stronger quarters in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. In Chicken, our operational turnaround progress as forecasted, and we are now increasing our focus on optimizing our mix to maximize profitability of our value-added portfolio. We expect to deliver full year margins of 6% to 8%, driven primarily by progressively growing volume and sales revenue while at the same time realizing additional operational improvements. And in international, we anticipate improved profitability from our operations in fiscal 2023, driven by volume growth from capacity expansions ramping up. Our segments individually and in aggregate have clear and compelling roles within Tyson's portfolio strategy. We make products that provide options for consumers across proteins and up and down the value chain, delivering performance that supports the Company's long-term earnings objectives and desirable returns for shareholders. To sum it up, fiscal 2022 was a record year in revenue, operating income and EPS. And as a result, we are in a strong financial position as we enter fiscal 2023 to support continued investment in our existing footprint, new capacity expansion, more automation and support for our brands as we continue to grow our business. Now, before I turn the call over for your questions, I want to take a moment to address an important issue. I'm sure you've seen the news about the recent incident involving me. I'm embarrassed and I want to let you know that I take full responsibility for my actions. I also want to apologize to our investors as I have to our employees. This was an incident inconsistent with our company values as well as my personal values. I just wanted you guys to hear this directly from me and to know that I'm committed to making sure this never happens again. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Donnie. Donnie?
Donnie King: Thanks, John. I would like to take a moment to make one final point. Like John, the Company takes this matter seriously. Tyson Foods has a strong, robust corporate governance process. Our independent Board of Directors are overseeing a thorough review of this matter, and I'm confident in this independent process. With this said, and before I turn the call back over to Brandon for your questions, I'd like to remind you that 2022 was a record year for sales for operating income as well as EPS, and we look forward to a strong 2023.
Brandon Tucker: Thanks, Donnie. We will now move on to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So, I guess my first question is thinking about the outlook for fiscal 2023 in Beef and you're kind of staying at or below the low end of the normalized range. Clearly, there's been some herd liquidation that's been happening in the U.S. industry, cattle prices have risen. I guess, I'm trying to understand if we're already at or below the low end of that normalized range, the cattle herd was going to keep -- is going to keep shrinking. Can you help us think about how we would ever get -- how we would get back to that normalized range in the next few years with the smaller herd? Talk about kind of what you're doing from productivity, from a mixed, case-ready capacity that would be a balance to margins and what would seem like a more challenging kind of multiyear outlook?
John R. Tyson: Hey Adam, this is John, and thanks for the question. I think, look, first, I'd reiterate what we see as the long-term guidance for the Beef business. And we -- that's a full outlook for the year, long term. We're not, at this point, going to give quarterly guidance. And what I think I'd say is we're at Tyson, not necessarily immune to the cattle cycle, but there are a couple of things I'd point out that maybe make this cycle a little bit different. Number one, we see the quality, generally speaking, around the industry is stronger and better that has kind of supported demand for beef cattle. I think secondly, the global demand is pretty strong. That's a little bit tempered by FX that we're seeing in our business. But generally speaking, I think that makes this cycle that we're heading into a slightly different. I'll let Shane maybe comment on some of the investments we're making around the business and give a little more detail as it relates to the outlook on Beef.
Shane Miller: Thanks for the question, Adam. John touched on a couple of things that I think to think about that's a bit different this cycle versus previous cycles is one. John touched on the cattle quality, that's extremely different this go around than the last time we went through this cycle. The second component is globally beef has remained and still has been a strong demand product that's going into different channels throughout Asia. And also, we're seeing interest from different parts of the globe that historically have not been big buyers of U.S. beef. And then finally, if you think about the -- even though we do have a strong quality that's coming out of the meat products, but you have items such as our specialty products, fat and oils are off all items, items like that that typically haven't been large contributors that this go around are significant contributors. So, if you think of it in direction in relationship to the last cycle, I think we have an opportunity here to scale in here and do much better than the last go around. So I think all those things coupled together give us confidence and hope that we're going to continue to be able to drive this type of return.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And if I could just maybe switch gears to the chicken business. And if you think about the exit margins coming out of fiscal fourth quarter and 7.3%. Can you just help us think about the trajectory of chicken from here? I think there was some mark-to-market derivative of gains in the quarter. But how do we think about the volume scaling kind of mix contribution? And help us think about kind of what would get you to the 8% versus the 6% at the upper and lower bounds of your guidance range.
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam. This is Donnie. Thanks for the question. The Chicken turnaround continues. We've made a lot of progress. David and his team have got our chicken business in a better place than it's been in some time. But we haven't arrived yet. There's still things to do. And we get better sequentially each quarter and would expect that to continue. I would point out that we're guiding to a 6% to 8% for '23, and we feel very good about that. And we feel good about investing in our Tyson brand and continuing to use that. But let me just flip it over to David. And this is a guy who's been doing all the work, and he and his team -- and let him add some additional color for you.
David Bray: Perfect, Donnie. Thank you very much. And you said it very well. We have made progress in 2022, but we've got a considerable amount of work to do as we get into 2023. But it's also important to understand that our goals have not changed within this segment, and we are aligned on not only making sure that we service our customers, but we run our facilities and capacity. And that's incredibly important to us as we move into 2023. As a team, we're focused on making sure that our customers are serviced, that we fill our plants and that we're taking care of our team members. And in total, we've got a very strong plan for 2023. And John mentioned the guidance between 6% to 8%, and we feel very good about the plan we have in place to deliver those numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: So I want to ask about the Prepared Foods business, and you talked about the cadence of improvements that we should expect as we move through the year. Could you talk about the critical path to achieve that cadence of improvement through the year? And if we think about the pricing that you've taken today, is that sufficient to cover the costs to get to that 8% to 10% range, or is there additional pricing that you might need to take?
Donnie King: Let me just say that -- and I'll pass it over to Stewart to add some commentary. We guided to 8% to 10% in 2023. And behind productivity, capacity utilization and mix improvements, we anticipate improved volume sales and AOI for '23. Our foodservice recovery is a little slower pace than expected, but we feel very good about this segment and the performance. And I'm personally very proud that we have Stewart leading this business. And Stewart, why don't you add some comments?
Stewart Glendinning: I'd start by saying that it's great to run this business because when you look at the construct of the Prepared Foods business, on the retail side out of the 9 categories, we've got the number 1 position in 8 and on the foodservice side, we're in, I think, about 19 categories or so there. But -- and in the majority of those, we've got the number 1 position. So we're really starting from a position of strength just from a portfolio standpoint. You look at the way this year has gone, we took pricing earlier in the year. And so, as we went through the year, of course, we had continued inflation. So, looking to the back part of this -- of '23, as we go through '23, we're going to be recovering from the 5.8% to get up to the 8. And that's really going to have a couple of big drivers. The first one and the most important is volume. If you look back in the volume history, we shared last quarter that we'd lost some foodservice volume. We're working on getting that back. Our fill rates, we still have an opportunity in fill rates. And so there's volume that's actually sitting in our order queue that we can go and get and we're working on that and seeing improvement week over week. As the pricing, we'll see how the year goes. In this fourth quarter, we saw a strong volume performance. Some of that came on the back of increased promotions. But I'd note that our promotions were in line with our competition. So, back half of the year, probably the last point to make is we've got pretty strong plans for cost reduction this year, and that will also contribute to getting us to the 8% to 10%.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. And if I could circle back to the chicken business, I believe your goal that you laid out at the Investor Day in 2021 was to be at an 84% hatch rate as of kind of around right now. Is that where you are? Are you on track? You mentioned commentary in your slides that you're on track with your hatch improvement goals. Are we kind of now at a new cruising level and shouldn't expect further improvement from here, or could that continue to improve, would you want it to?
David Bray: We are well on track. We are very pleased with the work that our live team has done in getting this put back in a position where we're no longer having daily conversations about what our hatch rates are. So, we are on track and feel good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Great. Can I ask about the productivity savings program? You obviously overdelivered in fiscal '22 relative to where you were expecting to get to. Can you talk about what it was that went better than expected? And I guess linked to that, a second question, if the automation part is going faster than expected, how quickly is total employee count coming down? And how much more is there to go on that front? Thank you.
Donnie King: Sure. Thanks for the question. So, the productivity program, as we laid it out, it was a 3-year program, and we're well ahead of that in 2022. And we talked about this in terms of really 3 buckets. Automation is obviously one of those, digital is another, and then operational and functional excellence. And all of those are working together really, really well. We think we'll meet our commitment by the end of this fiscal year '23. But it seems like every rock we turn over, we find something new and we capture that, and we'll continue to do that. The automation piece specifically is progressing faster than what we had planned. And of course, we're happy about that. But -- and remember, the automation piece was to eliminate some laborious difficult, high turnover type of positions. And in the program, as I think it was in the script that I mentioned in chicken, the debone automation project. But we also, in this programmatic approach to automation, where we have focused in our pack-out area. And we've also launched our digital enablement group as we take technology throughout Tyson. And we're progressing on all of those, and we'll update you each and every quarter on how we're doing in that area.
Alexia Howard: Great. And anything on the headcount side of things?
Donnie King: I have nothing to report on that now. We obviously are eliminating positions and are eliminating difficult jobs, and we are reassigning people to open position throughout the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Look, those of us who have followed Tyson for a long time are used to the Company putting people with a lot of brand management expertise in charge of Prepared Foods because it's a heavily branded food portfolio. And putting people into the CFO role who have 20-plus years of experience in the finance track and this latest reshuffling did the opposite. Can you speak to how the organization is responding culturally to these decisions, especially in light of the fact that you're also closing down two of your headquarters, consolidating into Springdale. Donnie, what are you doing to mitigate execution risk during this kind of high turmoil period?
Donnie King: Thank you. In short, we have a plan. Let's start with the office consolidation that you referenced. This is something that we've talked about. We've looked at for a number of years now. And we made the decision to do that in an effort to be a better version of ourselves. We're still working through trying to finalize which team members are moving and which ones are not. We certainly realize it's a difficult decision for those team members, and we're committed to providing the resources and the way we've characterized that here at Tyson is we're trying to help those team members, and it's about 1,100 of them, to be able to find the yes in terms of being able to move here and with their families. And I would just characterize it as integration a few years later. And there's opportunity obviously that we see in terms of being better, being more agile and delivering better results, being more productive, all those type attributes. And in order to get that, we had to do our project concept. Now, in terms of the people, I would remind you, at Tyson, we have a -- our succession planning process is very robust. And we're working that program. It's a living document, and we did, to your point, make some decisions. I would start with I am very pleased with the decisions that we've made around John Randal, around Stewart and Amy Tu. These are very talented individuals and all of them have experience in other areas that -- and then they brought that to Tyson. So, we're comfortable with the team that we've got. The team feels good with the leaders that they have. And I already see great progress in the work that they're doing. And -- but we're -- I'm perfectly comfortable with the people we put in place.
Robert Moskow: I appreciate that, Donnie. Maybe a follow-up. When do you expect to be able to give more clarity to those 1,100 people? In my experience, people who want to know stuff like that sooner than later, how quickly can you move?
Donnie King: Sure. So I think the thing that you need to know about that is we've been working and meeting almost on a daily basis. We put together a team to execute the plan that we have in place. We've invited every team member to join us here in Northwest Arkansas. And that's open. We've asked them to commit to us what their intentions are. And in fact, today, I don't know the numbers yet, but today was the day at which we needed to know that. And we really approached this in a couple of different ways. One is we want you to be here. We want you to remain a part of Tyson Foods. And quite frankly, I've been out recruiting people to, as other leaders have, to come to Northwest Arkansas. And we've had a lot of success. There will be some people who, at this point in their life, can't move. And so, we will try to create an opportunity where they can stay with the company long enough so that their replacement could be hired and trained so that we have no business interruption or interruption of business continuity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays.
Antonio Hernández: This is Antonio Hernández on behalf of Ben Theurer. My question is regarding your CapEx plans for the next year. You provided some color on that, but could you provide a little bit more breakdown on the different items that you're spending and what should we expect more in the medium to long term? Thanks.
John R. Tyson: Hey, there. You're kind of muffled on our end. I think your question was about CapEx and just wondering if we could expand upon that. Is that right?
Antonio Hernández: Exactly. Yes.
John R. Tyson: Sure thing. Well, I think, look, what we've talked to you about already this morning is our plans for a heavier investment in our business compared to historical years. And I think in a small part, that's driven a little bit about the inflationary environment that we're in. But really, I think the point we want you to take away is that we see a lot of opportunity in our business in terms of productivity improvements, things like automation and a little bit of capacity expansion. So, as it relates to priorities, I would tell you that in our value-added segments, we're trying to grow capacity and some of our chicken, prepared foods and fresh meats businesses, we see opportunities for network optimization. So, I don't think it's any departure from what you would expect us to be investing in, a decent balance of growth and productivity investments. I would emphasize, back to the question that someone asked earlier, automation is a huge part of our agenda. And what we like about those investments is we see sustained productivity as we reapportion team members to different parts of our operations. And so, we feel really confident in some of the more programmatic investments we're making around our automation agenda.
Operator: My next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask about your guidance for the sales range of $55 billion to $57 billion. I do appreciate that there are six new plants coming on and that you'll have some additional pricing and some mix improvements. I guess one of the questions we're getting from investors this morning is, is it reasonable to expect the high end of that range, just given some of the potential trade down coming as consumers potentially face some more challenges and more importantly, where we're seeing chicken prices today? So I guess I'm curious if you can expand a little bit perhaps on how much production the six new plants are expected to cumulatively add? I think that would help people really kind of maybe bridge the gap there to that higher end perhaps?
Donnie King: Let me start off, Ken, and say this. I mean, we feel very confident in the -- what we've laid out in terms of outlook. Could we move to the higher side? Perhaps. But we're guiding to have a really, really good year. We factored in things like inflation. We factored in growing share in both dollar and volume. We've included all those things in terms of the drought and the conditions that we're seeing in the Beef segment, the strength of the dollar from an export position. So, in short, I would tell you that we've considered all those things in coming up with this plan. And we rolled it up as a team, and we all signed off on it. But I'll pass it to John and see if he wants to...
John R. Tyson: Yes, Donnie, I think that was a fair summary. I mean, there's a balance in that projection between the volume growth and what we see from a sales growth from a pricing standpoint. And I think that we feel confident in the mix between those two things to achieve the range that we gave. You also asked a question about what's the capacity coming on line with the new build. And I think without going into details of each of those operations, a little bit of that is dependent on the timing of when things come online in '23. But I think overall, what we want you to take away is that we feel confident in the range at this standpoint as a roll-up of multiple factors that go into the numbers.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then a quick follow-up. You obviously have done really well with getting your productivity at an accelerated pace. I don't think -- and forgive me if I missed this, you did talk about productivity after '23. Previously, you had kind of guided into '24. Is it fair to assume that there will be still significant productivity savings after '23 now that you've pulled those forward a little bit? And if so, when might we get a little bit of color on the dollar percentage amount there?
Donnie King: So, great question. First thing I would say to you is we had a good '22, and we feel very good about delivering a year early in '23. Our nature is that we are -- have a continuous improvement mindset. So, we will identify and continue to identify opportunities to become more productive, become more efficient to run lines at rate better to automate, do all those type of things that will continue to bring money to the bottom line. We feel good about that, and I think you could expect that we would have another program or continuation of this program. I don't know what that is at this moment. John, anything?
John R. Tyson: No, nothing to add, Donnie. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: John, I just wanted to maybe clarify a couple of points you made on the volume growth assumptions between some of the segments. I think what you're calling for in Chicken is maybe like a 5% growth in '23, just given the weekly slaughter levels. Just wanted to check that. And then on beef, I wanted to make sure I heard you correctly, even with USDA kind of calling for down mid-single-digit on volumes, you were thinking you could be relatively stable. I don't know if that meant flat for the year or how you were thinking about that.
John R. Tyson: Sure. I think, look, we've kind of tried to give some overall indications on volume as it relates to the various segments. And there's a lot of factors that go into the sales and AOI numbers we're looking at, part of which is volume. I think in our poultry business, we do feel comfortable about the sequential growth directionally speaking, that we're talking about as we head into FY23. And I think on the Beef business, even amidst the total environment and USDA calling out the harvest, I think what I'd point to is some of the investments we make in terms of our business model around our relationships with suppliers, investments in kind of the value-added parts of our business and continuing to grow in specific channels. I think we see it as critical to preserving the outlook for '23. Shane, maybe you have a little bit to add on the Beef segment.
Shane Miller: Yes. Peter, I think one of the things to keep in mind, too, when you look at beef is you're lapping a period a year ago with still a COVID-induced reduction in volumes. And we've seen our operations get back to -- we're getting 5 days of animals harvested, processed in 5 days and 6 days really turned into a flex day. So on top of that from the supply component, you're right. I mean, we are in the middle of the drought still, and we're seeing drought-induced movement into the feed yards continues to show lower weights at placement, which in a sense means that cattle are being pulled forward and so forth. So as you look forward here into the next several months, I mean we're still going to have plenty of animals to work through.
Peter Galbo: Got it. No. Thanks. That's very helpful. And Donnie, I guess just to follow-up on Ken's last question around chicken. Just given that you have transitioned more of your contracts to a more variable pricing structure, what we've seen in the spot markets in terms of pricing, can you just kind of remind us where you stand today in terms of how commodity markets or commodity chicken markets might impact pricing relative to history where maybe it wasn't as impactful to your business?
Donnie King: Let me -- I'll mention a few things, and then I'll let David add some additional color. Yes, we feel very good about that. I would remind you that in our portfolio, the percentage of our portfolio that is value-added is significant. And a significant portion of that is branded. And so we have a lot more discretion with that. Some of the pricing variability is essentially more associated with some of the segments like fresh chicken or things like that. But we feel very good. And if you go back and look at us through history, you will find when the market goes up really high in breast meat -- and I think a quarter or so ago, breast meat was trading at around $2.60 and you can buy that for about $0.90 today. You know what, we never got the high of that based on our model, and we never get the lows either. So, we trade within a range here, and we have, on purpose and have more -- or better, more predictable results. David?
David Bray: Donnie, I think that was perfect, especially when you talk about our exposure and the amount of big bird breast meat that we actually have a part of. But the other piece to that is we have great customers Tyson Foods. And what we've done within our variable pricing is provided us the opportunity to have more consistent conversations with them about the things that make their prices go up and the things that make their prices go down. And we'll continue to have those conversations despite soft times and seasonality. So, a lot of progress has been made against that. And again, we've done a lot of work to shift into more of a value-added mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with BMO.
Ken Zaslow: Hey John, Stewart, can you kind of tell us, as you enter the new role, what is your key actions you expect to do within the next, call it, 6 to 12 months? And how you think that role for you will evolve? And what contribution you will actually have to the changes that need to be done?
John R. Tyson: Hey Ken, this is John. Maybe let me answer that question first. And I think the first thing I'd point out, just as it relates to kind of the overall leadership team here, as you know, I've been on the executive team for going on a few years now and involved in the senior leadership level for more than that. So, I don't think from a capital allocation standpoint or a strategy standpoint, you should expect too many significant changes or departures from how things have been handled in the past. I guess that's the first point I'd make. Stewart and I are sitting here next to the -- stylistically, you might see a few differences between the two of us. But I think overall, I think the direction of the Company stays the same. I think check back with me in a quarter or two to see if there's any new ideas. But I think overall, I'll just provide the perspective that I think that these leadership moves are kind of both for continuity rather than radical change of any kind.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, maybe first just with the background point. I spent 13 years before this in the beer business, 10 of those as an executive officer, four of those as the CFO running in the branded businesses. So I'm coming to this business with a good knowledge of brands, and I'm excited to run what is a powerful part of our portfolio. When I look at the business, I see huge opportunity mainly because the platform is so strong. Starting off, if you look at the volume performance [Technical Difficulty] the last number of years, while share has been good, volume could be stronger. And so as I started to this job, I see real opportunity for volume improvement, particularly in the foodservice business and I'm pressing hard against that. That means filling the orders we already have and it means selling out the capacity that exists in our network. And both of those have a big -- have a big opportunity in our company. I also, by the way, look at our cost structures and believe that we've got the ability to run our business in a leaner way and still achieve the growth goals that we want to see in the company. And then, I'd probably finish up by saying that I further believe that on the innovation side, we have lots of runway and lots of opportunity to press hard in the market. So, I come into role with both, confidence and believing that we have a strong pathway ahead.
Donnie King: If I might, Ken, just a couple of things. Stewart touched in fairly great detail his prior experience, and he does have great experience coming into Tyson. But John Randal, he's had experience outside of Tyson. He's had escalating levels of responsibility and banking and venture capitalism prior to joining Tyson. But you may not know that within Tyson for the last four years, he's led the M&A strategy, ventures and other areas of the Company. So -- but don't forget about the fact that he's been involved in this business essentially his whole life. So, a lot of experience there. Let me mention Amy Tu, which you didn't ask about very specifically. But Amy came to us with a great deal of global leadership outside of Tyson with Boeing and Walmart. She has strong experience in M&A, strategy and commercial as well as the legal background. And she's a very talented person. And I'm very happy with what I'm seeing out of all three of these today, and I think they will make us a better Tyson as we move forward.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I was not minimizing the experience. I just wanted to see the actions, particularly in Prepared Foods because I sense that you're in the 8% margin and you're kind of wanting to go to that 8% to 10% but it sounds like there's a little bit of a touch on operational efficiencies. My second question would be, as I think about the longer term, and I know there was an allusion to how you can actually get back to the midpoint of the range. What are the concrete actions that you can do, or is it really dependent on the market in terms of just making sure that China remains a key exporter? Because that's the single biggest thing that's changed over the last couple of years. So, is it the new environment that you think will get you back there, or do you think that there is internal actions that can be taken to put you back into that margin structure?
Donnie King: Let me -- Ken, thank you. Let me just say a couple of things. We think we have a bit of a different business model than we had, let's say, in 2015, when we went through the drought last time. It's already been talked about today in terms of our relationship with these producers that provide us with this better quality grading animals that we have. I think it's also important to remind you about the global demand is better than previous cycles. People outside the United States are looking for high-quality, grain-fed U.S. beef. And so, we're able to meet that. But we've also invested heavily to be able to take boxed beef up the value chain with our investment most recently in Eagle Mountain, Utah and also in Columbia, South Carolina. So, we continue to take beef and pork up the value chain. And so we feel better. We feel -- the drought is real. We see that. We're not kidding ourselves about that, but we intend to manage through it and perform better than we did the last time through. Shane?
Shane Miller: Yes. Thanks for the question. Donnie, I think you hit on all the key points. The only thing I would mention is no matter what the market conditions are or the cattle supply, we feel good about all these investments to differentiate our beef business model. And on top of that, if you think about the investments that we've made and we are making into our supply chain on beef and cattle sustainability, these are key important topics that our customers and ultimately, the consumer are asking about. And we feel really good about what we're doing there, telling the story back up into the feed yard, but even further back into the ranch and to maintain and preserve resources and have focused on sustainability for the future.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: We have a powerful and diverse portfolio across proteins, channels and geographies. We are improving operational efficiencies and have a team that is positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. For these reasons, we are confident we will grow revenue and maintain strong profitability in fiscal year 2023 and have future long-term growth ahead of us. At Tyson, we're focused on making food affordable, accessible and nutritious for customers and consumers around the world. Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today’s event is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the floor over to Brandon Tucker, Senior Manager. Sir, please go ahead.
Brandon Tucker: Hello, and welcome to the third quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call for Tyson Foods. Prepared remarks today will be provided by Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Shane Miller, Group President, Fresh Meats; Noelle O’Mara, Group President, Prepared Foods; David Bray, Group President, Poultry; and Chris Langholz, Group President, International, will join the live Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments, which are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. Please note the references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. I will now turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thank you, Brandon, and thank you to everyone for joining us for the call. Earlier today, we reported solid third quarter and year-to-date results. We continue to navigate through a complex and dynamic operating environment, and I’m grateful for the hard work and dedication of our team members. Our results would not have been possible without them. At our Investor Day last year, we shared three priorities with you: winning with team members, winning with customers and consumers, and winning with execution. And I’m pleased to say that we’re making progress. For team members, our continuing investments are reducing turnover and improving staffing levels. For customers, our service levels are improving. Our execution, we’re getting stronger, driving substantial savings and improving business results. I’m confident we’re on the right track and recognize that there is more work to do. Let me cover some highlights from the quarter. Our multi-protein portfolio enabled our business results. In the third quarter versus last year, we delivered substantially improved earnings in our Chicken segment as well as higher earnings in Prepared Foods, which partially offset a decline in Beef and Pork earnings and we continue to accelerate our productivity actions to improve efficiency across all segments. With our iconic retail brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park, Tyson core business lines outpaced total food and beverage, up 13% in the last 13 weeks compared to pre-pandemic levels. We continue to be the market share leader in the majority of the retail core categories in which we compete. While gaining share in both bacon and breakfast sausage in 6 of the 9 core business lines, we grew share versus our second quarter. I was also pleased to see continued growth in our e-commerce channel, where approximately 1 in 5 U.S. households bought a Tyson product during the past quarter with e-commerce sales growing 15% versus last year. We’re seeing some recovery in the foodservice channel with continued gains in quarterly sales. In broadline distribution, we have seen specific strength in branded value-added chicken, breakfast sausage and bacon. In this challenging economic environment, where our cost of goods has continued to increase, consumer demand for protein remains relatively steady. Our diverse portfolio allows us to meet customer and consumer needs across a broad range of products and price points even as consumers shift between proteins and products. Our balance sheet grew stronger, providing optionality to invest in growth across our portfolio and return cash to shareholders. We have a disciplined approach to deploying capital with a focus on total shareholder return. Our year-to-date results clearly demonstrate that our diverse portfolio supports. Our growth objectives are growing faster than the overall market, improving operating margins and driving strong returns for our shareholders. Now for highlights from our financial performance. Sales improved 8% for the third quarter and 16% year-to-date compared to the prior period. Our sales gains were largely driven by higher average sales price in Chicken and Prepared Foods. Average sales price increased in these segments in response to persistent increase in the cost of goods. Prices were lower in Beef, in line with expectations and Pork segment versus the same quarter last year. We delivered solid operating income of nearly $1 billion because of our diversified portfolio. Year-to-date, we are up 15% over prior year. As expected, year-over-year third quarter earnings were lower as Beef margins declined relative to a year ago, but still performed well in comparison to historical results. Overall, earnings per share came in at $1.94 for the third quarter and $7.10 year-to-date. We remain confident our actions will improve our long-term volume performance. However, our total volume was down both for the quarter and year-to-date. We are focused on overcoming the supply chain challenges, running our plants full and reducing our costs. Chicken volume is up year-to-date, driven by demand and operational improvements, but down for the quarter. Lower quarterly volumes were driven by the fiscal year ‘21 fire at our rendering plant in Hanceville, Alabama as well as lower outside purchases of meat, chicks and eggs. This was partially offset by increased levels of internal harvest versus the same quarter last year, and we expect internal growth to continue as we ramp up our bird supply. For the full year, we expect Chicken to deliver 1% to 2% volume growth. In Prepared Foods, volumes are down 5.5% year-to-date due to supply chain challenges, uneven food service recovery and the impact of increased pricing. Note also that the divestiture of our pet treats business last year drives 1.2% of the total decline. Although retail volume is down, we maintained our market leadership positions. While the foodservice channel continues to recover, volume growth remains strong in the broadline distribution led by breakfast sausage and bacon. In Beef, volumes were down year-to-date but were up 1.3% versus the same quarter last year, and we continued to increase quarter-over-quarter due to higher head throughput and carcass weight. In Pork, volumes were down year-to-date by 2.1% because of limited hog supply and lower export demand. We expect tightness in live hog inventories and declining export demand to continue to impact volumes in the fourth quarter. In the International/Other segment, volumes are up 11.7% year-to-date and 21.9% versus the same quarter last year. Investments in capacity, innovation and brands are supporting our market share growth. Volume growth was driven by our strengthening QSR and retail performance. Overall, our International business is growing both organically and inorganically. During Q4, we signed a joint venture agreement with Tanmiah Food Company in Saudi Arabia. This partnership will enable us to better serve our large global customers as well as expand our reach to new customers in the Middle East. We’re investing in new plants and expanding existing capacity across our global network. 8 plants are being constructed, with 2 expected to begin operation this fiscal year and 6 more by the end of fiscal year ‘23. This additional capacity will enable our team to address capacity constraints accelerate our value-added growth and better serve growing consumer demand for protein. We continue to make significant investments to attract and retain team members, including childcare, citizenship support, transportation, free technical and college education, on-site health clinics, maternity and paternity leave and other health benefits. Our nearside health centers in rural communities are seeing increased usage. These clinics provide team members, spouses and dependents, comprehensive health care services at little to no cost. Investment in team members are making an impact as higher pay and enhanced benefit offerings have led to lower turnover and absenteeism in our plants, which positions Tyson for future growth. We are committed to creating a differentiated work experience for our team members. These investments we’re making in our people are part of our broader effort to evolve our business from an ESG standpoint. Over the past several years, we have made many investments to these ends. Today, we are focused on three core pillars of our ESG framework, the formula to feed the future. Those 3 pillars are reimagine people and community impact, drive product responsibility from farm to table, and working toward achieving net zero. Earlier this quarter, we released our sustainability report for 2021, which highlights our ambition and commitments to become the world’s most sustainable and transparent protein company. In addition to the investments in people I mentioned a few moments ago, we also highlighted in our report our efforts around animal welfare, sustainable packaging, minimizing waste, water stewardship and working within our operations and supply chain to reduce emissions. We’re setting aggressive ESG goals and working to meet them. As we run our business better, we are making process improvements, digitalizing the supply chain, increasing automation and aggressively managing SG&A across our operations. Our productivity program continues to deliver at the upper range of our initial projections and we’ll realize more than $1 billion in recurring productivity savings by the end of fiscal year 2024. We’re continuing to accelerate digitalization across Tyson through supply chain planning and executional processes to better serve our customer. Automation remains a top priority for our business, and I’m very pleased with the aggressive rollout of automation technologies. And given the macroeconomic environment, we are taking action to cut cost, reduce spend and reassess every role across the business to ensure that the work we do is value added for our customers and consumers. Finally, as we look for new and innovative ideas that can have the greatest impact on Tyson’s productivity and sustainability objectives, we held the first-ever Tyson Demo Day. More than 100 companies were considered as presenters for the Demo Day, 20 were selected to make their pitch and ultimately, 6 companies were chosen for partnership. We are committed to strengthening our position as a global protein leader, and driving value creation for our shareholders. At our Investor Day, we outlined 5 imperatives for strengthening our position as a global protein leader. I’ve spoken about transforming our team member experience, increasing capacity, investing in digital and automation and the strength of our balance sheet. Chicken remains a key focus for our long-term success, and we are executing against our road map to restore top quartile performance for this segment. This quarter, we surpassed a 6% adjusted operating margin. We expect to reach 40 million head per week by the end of this fiscal year, and to continue to grow after that, enabling us to maximize our fixed cost leverage and grow our value-added business. We are optimizing our plant network by adding fully cooked capacity, converting plants for value-added production, implementing plant flexibility and optimizing our portfolio mix. We have come a long way and have more work to do, but I’m pleased with the progress that we are making in Chicken. As we look to address projected demand growth over the next decade, we’re using our financial strength to invest in our business. We will have invested nearly $1.9 billion in fiscal year ‘22 focused primarily on new capacity and automation objectives. Year-to-date, we returned to shareholders approximately $1.2 billion in dividends and share repurchases as we continue to prioritize shareholder return. I will now turn the call over to Stewart to walk us through more detail on our financial results for the third quarter.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you, Donnie. Let me turn first to a summary of our total company financial performance. We’re pleased to report solid results in the third quarter and year-to-date. Sales were up for both, the third quarter and year-to-date, benefiting from our pricing initiatives to offset the increase in cost of goods. Volumes were down both for the third quarter and year-to-date due to supply constraints and a challenging macroeconomic environment impacting consumer demand. Looking at our sales results by channel. Retail drove $173 million of top line improvement in the third quarter relative to the same quarter last year. In the third quarter, the ongoing recovery in the foodservice channel drove an increase of $165 million. Sales to international markets, including both domestically and internationally produced products, were $339 million greater than the prior year period as we leveraged our global scale to grow our business. Donnie covered our earnings and EPS results. Slide 11 bridges operating income for the third quarter, which was $374 million lower than fiscal 2021. Volumes were down 1.9% in the quarter. Our pricing actions, which partially offset the higher input costs, led to higher sales during the quarter. We saw continued increases in cost of goods across the business, in some instances, up to 15%. Notable examples were labor, feed ingredients, live animals and freight costs. SG&A was $20 million unfavorable to the same period last year due to increased investment in advertising and promotional spend and technology-related costs, partially offset by lower commission costs incurred by selling direct to customers rather than via brokers. As Donnie said, we are assessing all of our SG&A expenses across the business to identify non-value-added spend. Savings from our productivity program initiatives continue to have a positive impact on margins. Moving to the Beef segment. Sales were approximately $5 billion for the third quarter, flat versus the same period last year, but up 15% year-to-date at nearly $15 billion. Sales in the quarter remained strong, supported by higher volume but offset by lower average sales price driven by softer consumer demand for premium cuts of beef. Global consumer demand for beef products remains strong, and we expect volume to continue to improve in the fourth quarter as improved labor participation supports higher plant productivity. On expenses, we incurred greater costs during the third quarter versus the comparable prior year period as live cattle costs increased approximately $480 million in the quarter. We had sufficient livestock available in the quarter driven by higher herd liquidation due to drought conditions. We delivered segment operating income of $506 million in the quarter, down 55% versus the prior year comparable period. Our operating margin of 10.2% was lower than the same quarter last year but remains a strong performance. We expect to see Beef margins return closer to an expected long-term 5% to 7% average. Looking next to the Pork segment. Sales were approximately $1.6 billion for the quarter, down 6% versus the same period last year, but up 4% year-to-date at $4.8 billion. Global demand is being impacted domestically by high retail prices and internationally by the strong dollar, making U.S. pork relatively expensive as compared to alternative sources globally. For the quarter, the average sales price decreased 3.9%. Segment operating income was $25 million and $248 million for the quarter and year-to-date, respectively. While down 63% versus the comparable prior year quarter, operating income is down less than 1% year-to-date. Overall operating margins for the segment declined to 1.5% for the quarter. The operating income deterioration was driven by compressed pork margins with rising hog costs and a constrained cutout. Moving now to Prepared Foods. Sales were approximately $2.4 billion for the quarter, up 5% relative to the same period last year and up 9% year-to-date at $7.2 billion. Sales increased despite a volume decline driven by higher average sales prices. Note, part of the volume decline in the quarter was driven by the sale of our pet treats business. Our brand strength and category relevance has enabled continued strong performance across multiple categories. Operating margin for the segment was 7.6% or $186 million for the quarter, up versus last year. Year-to-date, operating margin is 8.9% and flat compared to the prior year at $635 million. Cost of goods continues to increase, pressuring our cost of production. To offset higher costs, we’ve executed productivity initiatives, revenue management and optimize our spend. To support our growth aspirations, we continue to invest in marketing and trade to increase the market share of our brands. Moving into the Chicken segment’s results. Sales were $4.4 billion for the quarter, up 26%. Year-to-date, sales are up 25% at $12.3 billion. Average sales price increased in the quarter compared to the same period last year. Our shift in pricing mechanisms to more variable structures has reduced risk by allowing us to be more agile in response to increasing cost of goods. Chicken delivered adjusted operating income of $269 million in the third quarter representing an operating margin of 6.2%. Quarterly operating income increased over the same quarter last year due to higher average sales price and efficiency improvements, partially offset by increased cost of goods. For the third quarter, we experienced $145 million in higher feed ingredient costs versus prior year, and we recognized $23 million in net derivative losses compared to $56 million of net derivative gains in the prior year. Turning to slide 16. Our healthy cash flows and improved balance sheet have continued to support our disciplined capital allocation approach. We remain focused on building financial strength, investing in our team members and business and returning cash to shareholders. We produced $1.9 billion of operating cash flow so far during fiscal year ‘22, and that’s after funding a $1.9 billion increase in our working capital. Our leverage ratio at 1.2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA demonstrates our powerful balance sheet and our continued capital allocation optionality. Investing in our business for both organic and inorganic growth and operational efficiency will continue to be an important priority and will help Tyson increase production capacity, market capabilities and profitability. This will support return on capital generation above the market for our shareholders. Finally, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. Year-to-date, we’ve returned $491 million in dividends and repurchased $693 million of shares, including $170 million of shares during the third quarter. Let’s now discuss the financial outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Based on the strong results year-to-date, we’re maintaining our total company sales guidance at a range of $52 billion to $54 billion. We now expect total volume growth to be flat on a year-over-year basis. Looking at AOI margin target ranges for our segments. In Chicken, our operational turnaround is on track, and we expect full year margins to be between 5% and 7%, but at the lower end. Based on the current trends in retail and foodservice, we expect the full year margin in Prepared Foods to be at the lower end of the 8% to 10% range. In Beef, we expect margins to move toward our expected 5% to 7% range as the live cattle to cutout price spread continues to decline. However, we still expect to deliver a full year AOI margin of 11% to 13%. In Pork, due to margin compression from hog costs and global demand headwinds, we’re reducing our full year AOI margin outlook to be in the range of 3% to 5%. In International/Other, we anticipate slightly lower results from our foreign operations in fiscal ‘22 due to supply chain disruptions and other impacts related to COVID-19. Our expectations for CapEx and net interest expense are lowered to $1.9 billion and $350 million, respectively. Our tax rate expectation is lowered from approximately 23% to approximately 22.5%. Our net leverage is expected to remain well below 2 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA, providing optionality for inorganic investment and additional return of cash to shareholders for the remainder of the year. I’ll now turn the call back over to Brandon for Q&A instructions. Brandon?
Brandon Tucker: Thanks, Stewart. We will now move on to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Yes. The first one I wanted to kind of understand a little bit your commentary around the Chicken segment and obviously, the -- on one side, improvements you have within your operations, but then at the same time, there seems to be a few headwinds arising on the industry side. So, help us frame a little bit into the final quarter, but also maybe bridging into next year, how you think about the Chicken segment? And what’s your competitive advantage on the pricing side and how you think your investments into labor, better hedgeability as well as better pricing is going to basically bring you to that 5% to 7% range, which you’re almost there already on a year-to-date basis, but how should we think about next year? Thank you.
Donnie King: Thank you, Ben, for that question. The turnaround that we’ve talked about for the last year now continues. And I’m pleased with the progress that we’ve made and said that in the script. We still have work to do, grain and the volatility around grain, supply, demand, so forth, still exists out there. But the demand for chicken is extremely strong. Demand for ready-to-eat chicken, for example, is very strong. And we’re at capacity as it relates to that. We are investing and have a new asset coming on line early next year, and that will obviously be a help. But the business did grow. And there’s a lot of noise in this particular quarter around the Hanceville fire in Q4 of ‘21 that we’ll work through. But the thing I want you to hear is that our harvest rates continue to improve, and there will be over -- there’ll be $40 million or so in Q4, and it will continue to grow from there. But I want to stop and pause at that point, and I’m going to pass it to David Bray, and David, if you’d like to add some more color.
David Bray: Yes. Good morning, Ben, and just a little bit of additional color to that. And I think it’s important to note that we’re doing what we said we would do in chicken. And we are progressing, but we are far from finished. And we know where our opportunities exist. And a large part of that will be uncovered as we can see that our volume grow through the Q4 time frame. The ability for us to process more head through our facilities will help us from a cost standpoint, which will benefit us as we continue to progress through FY ‘24 -- ‘23. And as Donnie stated, we are seeing share gains. Our harvest is up and we will continue to grow share through the Q4 time frame and into FY ‘23 as well.
Ben Theurer: And then just as only -- just a very technical question maybe for Stewart. So, as we are on a year-to-date basis, still down on the volume on a consolidated basis, is the flat guidance really a function of because of 4Q Prepared Foods, you get the easier comp because the divestiture happened last year during 4Q and that’s where the volume impact was? Is that the right way how we should think about it?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I would just say, Ben, I mean, there’s probably a few more moving parts than that. Of course, you’re looking at all parts of the business to get to flat. But of course, you’re right. I mean, the divestiture is one of those things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: So first question is around the Prepared Foods elasticity. I’m wondering if you can talk about which categories were particularly affected this time and whether you expect those kind of trends to continue. I’m wondering where the competitive pricing dynamics are causing some pressure there. Let’s start there.
Donnie King: Okay. I’ll start, and then I will flip it over to Noelle to add some details. But I would start with that we are seeing some movements in the marketplace between foodservice to retail. In-home dining continues to increase in this environment, which we would -- suspected. We’re also seeing some movement from quick service chain account type business to more in -- on-premise dining as COVID wanes and the people are more adventurous that they get out. And so we’re seeing some improvement in that as well. But I would tell you, overall, we are starting to see some elasticity, but I would tell you they’re below what historical elasticity you would expect. Noelle, anything you’d like to add to that?
Noelle O’Mara: Sure. Thanks for the question, Alexia. As I look at our prepared performance holistically, top line remains strong behind disciplined revenue management actions and profit is above prior year’s. Pricing and productivity are partially offset by the cost of good increases. And as referenced, our prepared volumes on an organic basis are down about 5.5% year-to-date. And it’s really three key focus areas. The first is supply. We continue to not be able to fill all of the orders that we have across our portfolio. And as capacity continues to come on line and as we improve our supply capabilities, it will allow us to not only improve availability but also merchandising that’s been suppressed. And so, you’ll see as those improvements continue to take shape in Q4, us investing back in merchandising. The second area is really around pricing. And as Donnie referenced -- well, elasticity are better than historical lows, they still are impacting the business. And given the macroeconomic environment, we’re ensuring that we provide a breadth of value offerings across our portfolio, and you’ll see us launching items focused on opium price points as well as larger sizes that can provide consumers value. And then, the third area is really foodservice recovery. And we’re focused on not only getting back volume that we lost during the pandemic, but also driving portfolio offerings in many solutions that align to the operator and consumer needs. So, what I feel good about is we have categories that continue to outpace total food and beverage. We have a portfolio of leading brands and a focus on continuing to innovate and meet our consumer and customer needs in an obviously a very dynamic environment. And despite the continued market challenges, I’m expecting volume growth in the coming quarter is driven by the improved supply, the commercial investments in merchandising and innovation and continued food service recovery.
Alexia Howard: A quick follow-up. Sticking with that part of the business. Private label dynamics, it seems as though need is being particularly affected by private label. I know you make private label presumably, it may be lower margin for you. Just wondering what you’re seeing in that area as that much occurs?
Noelle O’Mara: As we look at private label performance, we don’t see any acceleration as we look at the past couple of periods. Where we do see share pressure in our portfolio, we also see the availability of merchandising lagging versus prior year. So, that’s why going back to our focus is on supply, our focus is on driving that volume so we can get back to the availability levels as well as the merchandising performance in the quarters ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I had two on beef and cattle. First is do you have any additional color on when you expect maybe the turn in the cycle, right, from the point of, we’re still in the liquidation phase to maybe that ending and heading toward a little bit more of a shortage than what’s ideal for you? Any more insights into how we should think about modeling that from a timing perspective?
Donnie King: We still are maintaining our guidance for the segment to 11% to 13% for the full year. I think our number was 10.2%. The cost increases we’re seeing on cattle are certainly impacting the spread. And we’ve been talking now for a number of periods about the fact that there were going to be fewer cattle. I think we’re current now from the cattle that we’re involved in the backlog of COVID. We’re current on that. The prices of those animals have continued to increase. And so, there’s drought and all those kind of conversations. But let me flip it over to Shane, and I’ll let him give you some color around beef.
Shane Miller: Yes. Ken, good morning and thanks for the question. Yes. So, to Donnie’s point earlier, we, as an industry, have moved through the backlog of the COVID impact and the harvest disruptions from COVID. We are still experiencing drought, and I’d say the drought impact is still impacting over 40% of the regions where we grow cattle out in this country. So, the drought is real, and it’s still having an impact today. I think getting precise and specific on the timing of when it’s going to flip is awfully difficult to do because we’re dealing with mother nature right now. But I would say, if you look at beef demand in general, we continue to see real robust demand, not just in the United States, but globally. So, we feel real good from a demand perspective. The quality of beef that we’re still bringing to the marketplace is historically strong. Grading continues to maintain a high level. So, from a demand perspective and a quality perspective, we feel real good about this. But as to getting precise on the timing of when that’s going to flip, I think that’s awfully difficult to do.
Ken Goldman: Well, if you don’t know, I don’t think anyone knows. But I have a quick follow-up. On the -- in the prepared remarks -- and thank you so much for these, you did provide a little bit more color on the ranges that you expect for the Chicken segment margin and the Prepared Foods margin. It still is a little bit of a wide range in beef. Maybe you purposely left it that way because there’s so much uncertainty. But maybe directionally, you could send us sort of how to think about that margin for the year, now that you’re -- the year is getting closer to done in that particular segment would be helpful, if you can.
Donnie King: Yes. I’ll just reiterate what I said before, Ken, is, for the full year, 11% to 13%, we’ll see this move to, let’s call it, 6% to 8% as we’re in Q4, the latter part of Q4. And then over time, let’s talk ‘23, we’ve been saying for a couple of quarters now that we see that being a 5% to 7%, which is lower than where we’ve been over the last couple of years, but versus the historical level, what we would be seeing there is very much in line with what we’ve built into our modeling and what we would anticipate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: I guess, my first question, and maybe going back to Prepared Foods, and Stewart, I think I heard you say, at the low end of the 8% to 10% range for the full fiscal year, which I guess for the fourth quarter would get you something below 8%. And I guess, I’m trying to just make sure I understand some of the key moving pieces around the margins there. I would have thought you were in a better place on the price/cost side by now given some of the pricing actions in the marketplace. And I guess, the corollary to that is when thinking about the foodservice parts of this business, many of which -- or the legacy Tyson came from the AdvancePierre acquisition. Can you talk about kind of how those have been performing at this juncture? It would seem like the retail brands on Nielsen remain quite healthy and those have, I would think, good better margins than the segment average. And so, I’m just trying to get a sense of how the foodservice pieces are performing margin wise and if there’s something that may be more and more significant needs to happen to that part of the business.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I’ll just pick up the margin point quickly, and then Noelle can expand on some of the other pieces. But just look from a margin perspective, as I said, we are going to come in at the low end of the range. That gives you a little bit of flex. Certainly, that means that we would just mathematically would be in the high 7s or low 8 for Q4.
Noelle O’Mara: Just to build on Stewart’s comment. So, when you look at industry forecasts, we do show a slowdown in ‘22. However, the industry is still expected to rebound by 2025. And this unevenness of recovery’s due to two things, the macroeconomic landscape as well as mix shifting between channels. So, we see that, as Donnie referenced, with improved consumer mobility and comfort eating out, we see an increase in on-premise dining and a slowdown in some of the quick service restaurants that had originally led through the recovery. We’ve specifically seen some slowdown in our tortillas and pepperoni business that index against our commercial chain accounts. And we gave up some of the volume through the pandemic because of the spike in the demand. And so, we’re not only focused on getting back volume, but also, as I referenced, innovating and partnering with customers to ensure that we’re leading through the overall recovery.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. All right. And then, maybe another question for Stewart. If I look at the balance sheet trends in the quarter, net debt to EBITDA, you bought back a little bit of stock in the fiscal third quarter. But I guess, just looking forward into the next -- over the next 12 to 24 months, I mean I’m just -- the balance sheet is kind of comfortable with your leverage target. You’re already investing quite aggressively on the organic CapEx side. And so, I guess, I’m just trying to make sense of kind of the comfort level you have with the balance sheet kind of where it is versus what it would take to a significant releveraging event, but maybe a bigger step-up in share repurchase that there isn’t continued excess cash building on the balance sheet from here. So any added color that you could provide just in priority of share repurchase moving forward?
Stewart Glendinning: Sure, of course. Well, look, first, I mean, we’re very pleased with the strength of our balance sheet. When you look at our leverage levels, we haven’t seen leverage levels like these since 2011, that sort of time frame. So, we’re pleased with having come through COVID and put ourselves in a place where we’ve got a rock-solid balance sheet. With respect to the capital allocation, our capital allocation approach, we’ve got a very good balanced approach. And that is strengthening our balance sheet, which we’ve done investing in our business, which you pointed out. We have ramped up our spend on CapEx, and that is good spend because it’s coming in at strong returns. And it’s helping to grow our business. And then, of course, your question really about why don’t we go to the share buyback, I mean, last year, this time, we spent about $50 million on buybacks. This year, we’ve got almost $700 million. And part of that is catching up on the dilution that we had from last year. So, we’ll see how that goes, but we’re very pleased with where we are from a balance sheet standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to revisit the Chicken segment. And I want to ask, when we think about kind of your new more dynamic pricing that you have in that business relative to variable costs, how should we think about the factors that create variability in the chicken margin, be that external or internal factors? And how insulated is that margin now relative to cyclicality in the industry?
Donnie King: Let me say a couple of things, and then I’ll flip it to David to talk about a few things. We feel very good about -- I feel better about our Chicken business than I have in a long time. And we’re making progress every day. As I mentioned earlier, we’re not where we want to be at this point. But I would -- if you look at across channels, foodservice, retail, we gained share with branded value-added chicken and foodservice, I think it was 2.6 points or maybe a little more than that in foodservice. We lost a little share because of capacity in retail, the branded portfolio, and we’re gaining that back rather quickly. But as we think about chicken and all these pieces and parts coming together, we’re through the whole live animal livability hatch kind of conversation. We now have the supply chain on the ground that’s going to continue to grow our supply so that we can service the customers in the way that we’d like. We got more fully cooked capacity coming on line, which helps, which is already sold. So we like that. And so we’ll continue to optimize and improve the mix, which helps. And we will brand -- it will be a branded portfolio play as well. But there’s still volatility in grain out there. But we like what we’re seeing. We like our opportunity going forward. And we think we have the foundation of this business in a good place today, and we look for things to improve over Q4 and into next year. David?
David Bray: Yes. I think one other thing to mention to that, Ben, and it’s despite what we’re seeing from an inflationary standpoint and despite what we’re seeing from an overall grain volatility standpoint, we’re continuing to progress as planned. And a large part of that was changing the way that we worked with our great customers across the country and pricing more closer to what’s going on within the market as well as inflation. And we’re pricing quarterly now versus what we would have done previously from a 52-week standpoint. So, it’s given us a lot more flexibility in what we do. But again, there’s a lot of other things that we are doing that will put us in a position to win. And again, the volume unlock that we will see coming into this quarter will go a long way to help us build a much more sustainable model.
Stewart Glendinning: Ben, Stewart. Just want to add one thing there. Don’t overlook in David’s model, the leverage that you’ll get from the increased volume. So you see them going up to 40 million birds this quarter. Every time he adds to those birds, they’re not coming at any increase in fixed costs. That’s already been paid for. And that’s going to be helped as P&L.
Ben Bienvenu: Yes. Okay, great. My second question is around beef. And I appreciate the commentary around margins into next year as we navigate through the cycle. I’d be curious when thinking about that margin commentary for next year, would you characterize those margins as mid-cycle trough cycle margins kind of as we think about the up versus down in that business line, recognizing it’s hard to see exactly where we are in the cycle, that would be helpful to us, I think.
Shane Miller: Yes. So Ben, this is Shane. I think the way I would characterize it is as we’re -- this year, we’re in the 11% to 13% range for fiscal year ‘22. And as we transition to less numbers and back to the prior conversation around trying to pinpoint exactly when this has flipped, it’s like trying to predict the weather right now. So, it’s awfully difficult to do that. I would say it’d be more of the midterm. We believe over time -- to Donnie’s earlier point, over time, we’re going to be trading somewhere in the 5% to 7% returns in our Beef business. And we think about it in a couple of ways to, as you think about how we’re decommoditizing this business is the quality aspect that I mentioned earlier. We’re partnered with some of the best cattle feeders in the world. And when you look at this global demand, it’s going to continue. And we’re not able to service all of that today because of some of the disruptions at the ports that we’re dealing with. And having the ability to value up these components through our case-ready business through Prepared Foods and then also through our International business unit is an additional pro that this company has. So, we feel like we’re going to be scaling into that here as we go through the next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Just two really quick ones for me. Shane and Donnie, maybe just to stick on the beef topic, and I know we’ve covered a lot of ground there. But one of the questions we’ve gotten, just given the level of liquidation you’ve seen this year, realizing the 5% to 7% kind of medium-term margin target, like what’s the possibility though that next year comes in somewhat below that just because you’re dealing with such a high level of liquidation this year that’s relatively unprecedented?
Shane Miller: Yes. So, thanks for the question. Similar to the comments I just made, it’s -- we are still seeing quite a bit of cattle liquidation. To add a little more color to that, you haven’t seen a hype of retention yet really start to build back. So if you think of the time line to building back the cap crop and so forth. It’s going to be a 2- to 3-year cycle. And then, in respect to the 5% to 7% comment, we feel like we’re in a good spot. I mean, unfortunately, we can’t control mother nature and the drought conditions we’re dealing with here. But there’s still further liquidation, I think that’s going to occur and trying to pinpoint exactly when that finishes up and we start to see more half retention is awfully challenging. The most recent cattle on feed numbers would show the third highest amount here as of July 1st. So we have plenty of cattle in -- here today that are going to take us through the balance of this quarter, obviously, and then into our fiscal -- excuse me, Q1 of fiscal ‘23. But in respect to overall, the 5% to 7% range, I still feel good about where we’re at.
Peter Galbo: Okay. No, that’s helpful. Thank you, Shane. And then, maybe just a technical one for Stewart and Noelle, on Prepared’s margins. Again, kind of exiting this year at the kind of high 7s, low 8s that Stewart mentioned. Just what’s it going to take to build that back to a double digit? I know you had just come out of 2Q at 11%, but now it seems like those margins have taken a step back and based on some of your commentary, it doesn’t feel like there’s a lot more pricing that can go through. So, like what do we need to see, I guess, to restore those margins back to a double-digit run rate?
Noelle O’Mara: Sure. I can take that. So, our building blocks remain the same. Just taking a step back, we play in attractive categories. We have leading share positions in those categories. Top line growth will come from the actions that we’re taking to increase capacity into investments in innovation and continued equity building. We’ll continue to have disciplined revenue management and cost transformation to drive our bottom line. So, while I expect a continued dynamic marketplace, I believe we have the right building blocks in place and our path to deliver the sustainable double-digit margins.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Maybe just to build on that, I think as Noelle focuses on recovering some of that foodservice volume, and I guess busy with the merchandising that she was talking about, again, you’ll start then to see that she has the potential to gain volume and to start gaining back some of that fixed cost deleverage.
Operator: And we’ll go to our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: A few additional questions on Chicken. I think you are guiding to the low end of your margin range for Chicken as well. Does that reflect a weaker outlook for 4Q, or is 4Q pretty much how you thought it would be? And then also, you mentioned you’re trying to get to top quartile among your peers. Your peers are, from what I can see, like delivering really strong margins. So where are you now versus that top quartile? Are you in top 50%, or are you below it?
Shane Miller: So, a couple of things there. So first and foremost, within Q4, I would say we are on track with our expectations. What we’ve done through the course of FY22 is make a lot of changes within our business related to mix. And the industry from that standpoint, has had strong favorability because it’s been tied to a big bird debone breast meat market. As you know, Tyson does not operate in that, and we’re continuing to shift towards what is more of a value-added standpoint. As we think about benchmarking versus our competition, we are making progress. And the biggest piece of that, Robert, is us getting our volume back in our facilities. And we’ve spent a lot of time talking about being 37 million head and growing that to 40 million head during the Q4 time frame will put us in a much stronger position as we work to close out this year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And a follow-up. The USDA for next year is forecasting even less than 1% volume growth for chicken. Do you think that’s like the right amount of volume for the market given the demand framework? From what you’re reporting, pricing is up a lot, but demand has been pretty stable. Do you think that that’s in line with how the overall industry will perform?
Shane Miller: So, I would tell you -- so from a chicken standpoint and especially as we enter into the Q4 time frame, what we’re seeing from a demand standpoint in both foodservice and retail continues to be strong. And our customer orders continue to outpace our ability to fill them. And again, with additional volume coming through, we will be in a much better position to service our customers, but we anticipate strong demand in both retail and foodservice to continue.
Robert Moskow: So, does that mean that 1% supply growth is not enough to meet the market?
Shane Miller: Well, we will grow in excess of that next year. So, we will be driving a lot of share within the industry next year, as we continue to increase our head. I think there is an opportunity for chicken to be very strong from a demand standpoint as we go into ‘23.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: I just want to follow up on just Rob’s question real quick. Where do you think chicken production will be in 2022, where do you think beef production will be in -- I’m sorry, in 2023, I’m sorry. Where do you think chicken production will be in 2023, where do you think beef production will be in 2023? Just trying to get a flavor for that.
Donnie King: Based on what was quoted in the prior call, USDA is reporting a 1%, maybe a flat to I think that’s probably realistic. I think our demand is going to be stronger than that as we go into ‘23. And from a beef perspective, with the herd liquidation, there’s going to be fewer -- there’s going to be fewer cattle in the harvest. And you’re going to have more and more packers chasing those heads, particularly the -- those which have better genetics that grade better that provide additional revenue and margin opportunity. And so that’s going to become very tight. And as we move into ‘23 and even into ‘24, beef is going to see some -- you’re going to see some higher cutouts and higher-priced cattle in the marketplace.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. In the prepared remarks, it was said kind of about -- there was a supply chain issues in Prepared Foods. As -- you talked about the margin is still at that. I don’t know if -- I maybe I missed it a little bit, but is there options for you guys to improve your supply chain? What are you doing there? And does that have a meaningful impact in 2023, 2024? And I’m not talking about pricing or anything like that, but -- and maybe I misheard in the prepared remarks. So I just thought there was some opportunity in supply chain. Can you talk about that?
Donnie King: Let me say a couple of things about that, Ken, and then I will flip it to Noelle. What we’re talking about there is a big portion of that, for example, is in the first half, particularly in the first quarter. You may remember that we had a resurgence in COVID at that point. And so, we got a little bit behind and as we started the year or in our second quarter. But we’ve been out of capacity on a few key categories that we’re seeing now come on line. We got more capacity coming on line next year for Prepared Foods. The demand is -- while it’s been impacted a little bit in some key categories around the pricing, it’s still, let’s say, less elastic than maybe you would -- or even our models would have indicated, but we’re still -- we’re seeing some elasticity. But we expect the volume to grow. We expect to put forth a great deal of effort in our supply chain. Those things that we can control, the productivity program, for example, is a huge -- huge for us in the way of automation and technology. We’ve been investing now for over a year, and we’re starting to see some of those things bear fruit, and not only for this quarter, but as we move forward. And so, those investments are paying off. We’re -- some of the things that we’ve done around autonomous planning and trying to eliminate or improve forecast accuracy and eliminate distress and those type of things, we’re much better today than we were a quarter or two quarters ago, but there’s still things to do. But supply chain is improving. We’re running it right. In many cases or in most cases, we are staffed completely, but we just -- we’re looking for opportunities to continue to get better. Noelle, anything you want to add to that?
Noelle O’Mara: I think you covered it well, Donnie. To your point, we have made significant traction from a labor perspective as we think about automation within our facilities, digitization, the complexity reduction and flexibility that we’ve created in our network. And so, all of those improvements are leading to a better supply picture as we’ve continued to progress through this year and as we are expected to progress through Q4 next year.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we will be concluding today’s question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining our conference call today. We have a powerful and diverse portfolio across proteins, channels and geographies, improving operational efficiency and a team that is positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. For these reasons, we are confident we will maintain strong volume and profitability in the short term and have future long-term growth ahead of us. At Tyson, we’re focused on making food affordable, accessible and nutritious for our customers and consumers around the world. Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we’ll conclude today’s conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Megan Britt, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Megan Britt: Hello and welcome to the Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call for Tyson Foods. Prepared remarks today will be provided by Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, David Bray, Group President, Poultry; Noelle O'Mara, Group President, Prepared Foods; Shane Miller, Group President, Fresh Meats; and Chris Langholz, Group President, International, will join the live Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments, which are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. Please note that references to our earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release.  I'll now turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thank you, Megan, and thank you to everyone for joining us for the call. Earlier today, we reported strong second quarter and first half fiscal year '22 results. Our results would not have been possible without the work of our team members. I'm grateful for their dedication and diligent efforts this quarter as we continue to manage a complex and dynamic operating environment. We delivered double-digit sales and earnings growth driven by strong market fundamentals, acceleration of our productivity actions and improving operational execution across our segments. Our diverse protein portfolio, omnichannel capabilities, leading brands and value-added products all contributed to our results. Strong performance in our Beef segment, continued recovery in Prepared Foods and an improvement in Chicken supported improved sales and earnings. Our retail core business lines, which include our iconic brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park, have driven strong share performance in the retail channel since the onset of the pandemic. This quarter, we delivered share gains in bacon, hotdogs and snacking. We also continue to see recovery in the foodservice channel with our relative strength in QSRs and K-12, supporting continued share gains in branded value-added chicken. Overall, consumer demand for protein has remained strong, and we are taking deliberate actions by segment to improve our volumes to better meet customer needs, including investing in new capacity, brands, product innovation and our team member experience. We are seeing our investments in team members making an impact. Despite continued labor challenge during the Omicron surge this quarter, we're seeing lower turnover and absenteeism. We have invested in higher wages, benefits and other workplace enhancements, such as flexible schedules, child care and transportation. The construction of new plants continues to progress. This additional capacity will enable our team to address capacity constraints and better serve growing demand for protein across all segments. Along with ramping up utilization of our newest plant in Humboldt, Eagle Mountain and Thailand, we have 4 plants expected to commence operation in the fourth quarter of fiscal year '22. In addition to the new sites, we're continually upgrading capacity as needed with approximately 10 projects planned in the third quarter, representing 25 million pounds of volume in Prepared Foods alone. In addition, we are working closely with our customers to ensure that the fair value of our products incorporates the inflationary cost pressures impacting our business. For the first half, our cost of goods sold rose 15% relative to the same period last year. Every part of our business has been impacted by inflation. We experienced higher costs across our supply chain for all inputs from feed ingredients, live animals and other raw materials to cooking oils and basic supplies. We're also managing higher cost of labor and transportation due to robust demand, higher fuel costs and limited availability. As part of our effort to combat inflation and increase profitability, I'm pleased by our accomplishments to drive costs lower by accelerating our productivity actions. Also, our balance sheet and liquidity position remain healthy, providing optionality to invest in growth across our portfolio and return cash to shareholders. We have a disciplined approach to deploying capital with a focus on total shareholder return. Our first half results clearly demonstrate that we are making progress on our growth objectives and that we remain focused on outpacing the overall market, improving operating margins and driving stronger returns for our shareholders.  Now turning to the financial results. Let me give you some highlights. Sales improved 16% in the second quarter and 20% during the first half. Our sales gains were largely driven by higher average sales price and mix improvement. Average sales price trends reflect disciplined revenue management strategies in the context of a volatile, high-inflation environment. Like many other companies, we've seen varying levels of heightened inflation, notably in grains, labor, live animals, raw material and transportation costs. As I mentioned earlier, our teams have worked together with our customers to manage inflationary pressures. We delivered solid operating income performance, up 57% during the second quarter and 47% for the first half. The performance in the first half was due to strength in Beef, Chicken and Prepared Foods. Overall, our operating income performance translated to $2.29 in earnings per share for the second quarter, up 71% and $5.16 in earnings per share for the first half of 57%.  Looking at our results on volume. We remain confident that our actions will improve our performance, but we are not where we expect it to be by now as we faced the Omicron surge in the quarter and other labor and supply chain challenges. Due to these factors, our total volume was down slightly for the first half versus last year. Chicken remained a bright spot, where volume was up 2.1% through the first half compared to the same period last year. This improvement was driven by solid fundamental demand as well as operational improvements. There is much more work to be done as we focus on filling our existing capacity. We are pulling multiple levers to drive sequential improvement in our performance. And as a result, I'm confident that we will see continued volume performance in the second half. In Prepared Foods, volumes were down 4% in the first half compared to the same period last year. Approximately 1/3 of this decline was related to the pet treats divestiture with the remainder of the result of a challenging supply environment and uneven recovery of the foodservice channel. We are working to improve these results over the remainder of FY '22 as we continue to take actions to expand and improve capacity utilization. In Beef, volumes were down 2.9% in the first half compared to the same period last year. However, beef volumes increased quarter-over-quarter due to higher harvest weights. We expect continued volume improvements for the remainder of our fiscal year '22 as new team member recruitment strategies support an improved labor position and higher throughput. In Pork, impacts associated with a challenging labor environment contributed to a 2.3% decline in volume in the first half compared to the same period last year. We expect tightness in live hog inventories to affect our second half volume. In International/Other, our investments in capacity, innovation and brands are supporting our market share growth objectives and volume improvement. Overall, we will continue to take actions across our business to optimize our existing footprint, add new capacity, adjust our product mix and align our portfolio with customer and consumer needs. Although we have reduced our expectations for the full year, we still expect to grow our total company volumes in fiscal year '22. We continue to take meaningful action toward becoming the most sought-after place to work, and we're making significant investments to attract and retain team members. Our U.S.-based workforce is comprised of team members from more than 160 countries. In April, we announced that we are investing over $1 million in several non-profit groups to expand legal and citizenship support for the team members aspiring to become U.S. citizens. This will allow us to scale a program from 7 Tyson facilities to serve 40 company locations in 14 states. We recently announced an expansion of the Upward Academy program as our latest investment in our team members. Starting the summer, U.S. team members will have access to free education, including masters, undergraduate and associate degrees, career certificates as well as class in literacy and technology fundamentals. And Tyson will pay 100% of the cost of tuition, books and fees with an estimated investment of $60 million over the next 4 years. Ensuring the health and safety of our global team is a top priority. We continue to challenge ourselves to be an organization that stays ahead of the unforeseen event and adjusting our protocols to keep our team members healthy and safe. We have educated and encouraged team members to get vaccine boosters and have offered over 100 clinics across our office and plant locations.  We are also investing to support team member well-being more proactively in our rural communities. We now have 7 on or near-site Tyson health centers opened and operating. These clinics provide comprehensive health care services, including preventive screenings, chronic condition coaching, mental health counseling, lab services and sick visits at little to no cost to most of our team members or their spouses and dependents. Overall, we're confident that our actions will increase Tyson staff levels and position us for future growth, and we will continue to explore innovative benefit offerings that make our team members' lives better. We're making excellent progress on our productivity program, which will deliver more than $1 billion in recurring productivity savings by the end of fiscal year '24. Based on current progress, we now expect to deliver more than $400 million of savings in fiscal year '22, which is on the high end of our previously disclosed range for the year. Last quarter, I highlighted our work in Prepared Foods to build a digital manufacturing platform that utilizes data to simplify complexity and optimize processing. I also shared our work to enhance the mix and allocation of our trucking fleet resources to enable better on-time deliveries to customers. This quarter, deployment of our Tyson production system approach has improved our yield across all segments versus a year ago. Additionally, our procurement program is addressing total company spend, including direct material as well as plant and corporate indirect areas. This program continues to deliver savings in line with expectations. Our digital solutions journey has also progressed. In our supply chain, we are leveraging new processes and digital tools to quickly identify gaps in fulfillment. Meeting the demands of our customers on time and in full is of the utmost priority, and we are continuing to maximize our service levels. The early results of our finance automation and digitization work also remain promising. For example, this program is providing more accurate billing and improved collections for Tyson while lowering our intensive labor. We are also investing aggressively in automation and technology to help address some of our most difficult roles in repetitive tasks. This is a well-planned program of automation to use common designs and equipment across our plants to optimize cost, maintenance and asset utilization. The debone automation program is continuing to scale in plants, and our Tyson proprietary debone automation solution is also beginning to roll out in select facilities. Looking ahead, we're starting to scale new programs like pack-out robotics to continue automating highly manual processes and deliver savings. Chicken remains a top priority, and we continue to execute against our road map to restore top-quartile profitability for this segment. We've been committed to returning our operating margins to 5% to 7% level by the middle of FY '22. This quarter, we delivered a 5% adjusted operating margin, in line with our previously communicated plan. Critical to improving our profitability is maximizing our fixed cost leverage, being staffed to standard and having enough workers to run our plants full. Since September, we have seen an improvement in our hatch rate that is consistent with the expectations that we shared at our December Investor Day. We are committed to growing our harvest capacity utilization, and we outpaced the industry in the second quarter. Achieving improved chicken harvest and higher capacity utilization will allow us to build on the volume growth delivered by Chicken in the first half. In parallel to actions to improve volume, we have also worked with customers to manage inflationary pressures by adjusting pricing to achieve a fair value for our products. This will be important to ensuring we deliver sequential improvement in our operating margins in the second half of fiscal year '22, especially with continued increases in key input costs such as labor and feed ingredients. As I mentioned a moment ago, we are also making good progress on our automation objectives for the segment. This includes the rollout of debone automation and a range of other equipment, which will enhance our productivity and cost effectiveness. We have come a long way in a short period of time, and I'm pleased with the progress we are making in Chicken. To recap, we have strong consumer demand, a powerful and diverse portfolio across geographies and channels and a team that is positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. 5 imperatives on this slide show how we will achieve our commitments and drive value creation for our shareholders. This starts first with our commitment to our team members with a focus on ensuring their health, safety and well-being as well as investing in improving our team member experience.  Second, we are working to enhance our portfolio and capacity to better address demand. This includes increasing the contribution of branded and value-added sales. As a result, we expect our volume to outpace overall market growth over the next several years.  Third, we are aggressively restoring competitiveness in our Chicken segment and continue to achieve key milestones on our road map to top-quartile profitability.  Fourth, we are driving operational and functional excellence in investing in digital and automation initiatives. This is at the heart of our productivity program, where we are accelerating our efforts and now expect to deliver more than $400 million in savings this year.  Fifth, to address projected demand growth over the next decade, we're using our financial strength to invest in our business. We're on track to invest $2 billion in fiscal year '22 with a disproportionate share focused on new capacity and automation objectives. We also continue to return cash to shareholders. Through the first half, we returned approximately $850 million in dividends and share repurchases.  As a final comment before turning the call over to Stewart, I want to highlight that Tyson Foods understands we have a critical role to play in the global food system to make it more resilient, more sustainable and more equitable for current and future generations. Just recently, we completed a materiality analysis that will inform our long-range strategy. These insights from key stakeholders shape our strategic framework and provide direction on the expectations of our company. I will now turn the call over to Stewart to walk us through more detail on the financial results for the second quarter.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you, Donnie. Let me turn first to a summary of our total company financial performance. We're pleased to report strong results in the second quarter and first half of this fiscal year. Sales were up in the second quarter and the first half, benefiting from our pricing initiatives to offset inflation as well as improved product and channel mix. Volumes were down slightly through the first half impacted by continued labor challenges and a temporary disruption from the Omicron variant surge. Looking at our sales results by channel. Retail drove $424 million of top line improvement in the second quarter relative to the same quarter last year. Through the first half, retail sales have improved $773 million. In the second quarter, improvements in sales through the foodservice channel drove an increase of $684 million, and domestic export sales to international markets were $311 million stronger than the prior year period as we leveraged our global scale to grow our business. Second quarter adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion was up 57% relative to the same quarter last year, led by increases in Chicken, Beef and Prepared Foods. First half adjusted operating income of $2.6 billion was up 47%, supported by increases in Beef and Chicken. Driven by the strong increase in operating income, second quarter adjusted EPS of $2.29 grew 71% compared to the same period last year. Second quarter earnings per share also benefited from lower net interest expense and higher other income. Slide 11 bridges year-to-date operating income for the second quarter, which was $422 million higher than fiscal 2021. Volumes were down 1.5% in the second quarter. Volume improvement in Chicken, International/Other and Beef were offset by declines in Pork and Prepared Foods, where continued labor and supply chain challenges impacted throughput. Our pricing mix and portfolio efforts led to higher sales during the quarter, which offset the higher input costs. We saw continued inflation across the business, in some instances, up 25% or more. Notable examples were labor feed ingredients, live cattle, lean hogs and freight costs. SG&A was $46 million unfavorable to the same period last year due to increased team member-related costs and investments in advertising and promotional spend in support of our brands. As a final note, both cost of goods sold and SG&A expenses in the quarter were partially offset by productivity savings.  Moving to the Beef segment on Slide 12. Segment sales were approximately $5 billion for the second quarter, up 24% versus the same period last year. Sales growth in the quarter was driven by continued robust demand for Beef products, which supported higher average sales price and volume. The cutout and our average sales price remained relatively strong during the quarter despite some consumer demand shifting toward lower-cost beef cuts. Quarterly volume improved compared to the prior year despite the Omicron surge experienced by the business. We expect volume to continue to improve in the second half of this fiscal year as new team member recruitment strategies support improved staffing and higher throughput levels. On expenses, we incurred greater costs during the second quarter versus the comparable period a year ago as live capital costs increased approximately $545 million in the quarter. We had sufficient livestock available in the quarter driven by higher herd liquidation due to drought conditions. As of February, 54% of capital inventory were in areas experiencing drought conditions, which may lead to additional herd liquidation through the remainder of the fiscal year. We delivered segment operating income of $638 million in the quarter, up 43% versus the comparable period. This improvement was driven by solid global demand for Beef products, supporting a higher cutout as well as higher specialty product values, which were partially offset by higher operating costs. Our operating margin of 12.7% was higher than the same quarter last year but was down on a sequential basis versus the last 2 quarters as cost increases led to a narrowing of the spread.  Looking next at the Pork segment. Sales were approximately $1.6 billion for the quarter, up 6% versus the same period last year. Average sales price increased 10.8%, but volumes were 4.8% lower relative to the same period last year. Average sales price was up due to higher input costs, while volumes were lower due to labor challenges from the Omicron surge, which led to lower processing throughput. Segment operating income was $59 million for the quarter, down 12% versus the comparable period. Overall, operating margins for the segment declined to 3.8%. The operating income deterioration was driven by softer exports, higher input costs and labor challenges. Moving now to Prepared Foods. Sales were approximately $2.4 billion for the quarter, up 11% relative to the same period last year. Total volume was down in the quarter given labor and supply chain challenges and uneven foodservice recovery and the sale of our pet treats business. Sales growth outpaced volume growth driven by higher average sales price. Consumer demand has remained durable even as we worked to manage inflation through price increase. Overall, consumer response to higher price levels is below historical expectations as our brand strength and category relevance has enabled continuing strong demand. Raw material costs, logistics, ingredients, packaging and labor all increased our cost of production. To offset higher costs, we have executed productivity, revenue management and commercial spend optimization initiatives while ensuring the continued development of brand equity through increased marketing and trade support. Operating margins for the segment were 11% or $263 million for the quarter, up 21% versus the same quarter last year.  Moving on to the Chicken segment's results. Sales were $4.1 billion for the quarter, up 15%. Volumes improved in the quarter due to strong consumer demand and operational improvements. Our teams have been focused on streamlining our plants to deliver higher volumes. We expect to deliver further volume improvements in the second half of fiscal 2022 as harvest numbers improve and continue to optimize the operational efficiency of our plants. Average sales price improved 14.4% in the quarter compared to the same period last year. This increase was primarily due to price recovery offsetting inflationary costs. On pricing, we made meaningful progress to shift our pricing mechanisms toward more variable structures and are now seeing those benefits. We restructured our pricing strategies given our experience in fiscal 2021 to be more agile in response to market and inflationary conditions. Chicken delivered adjusted operating income of $203 million in the second quarter of fiscal '22, representing an operating margin of 5%. Operating income increased in the second quarter due to increased sales volume and higher average sales prices, partially offset by the impacts of inflationary market conditions, including increased supply chain costs and a challenging labor environment. In the second quarter of fiscal '22, we experienced $100 million of higher feed ingredient costs and $101 million of net derivative gain as compared to $10 million of net derivative gains in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. During the fiscal month of April, the beginning of our third quarter, we have achieved an approximate 5% operating margin, excluding mark-to-market derivative impacts. Restoring competitiveness in our Chicken business remains a top priority, and we are making progress on achieving our long-term targets for adjusted operating margin, but we still have work to do.  Turning to Slide 16. Our healthy cash flows have continued to support a broad capital allocation approach. We are focused on building financial strength, investing in our team members, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders. Consistent with our expectations, our operating cash flows were down slightly in the first half of the year due to planned investment in working capital. And consistent of our priority to build financial strength and flexibility, we used our existing liquidity to retire $1 billion of debt in the second quarter. Since the start of the pandemic, which this quarter now marks 2 years ago, we have reduced gross debt by approximately $3.8 billion. We maintained our leverage ratio at 1.1x net debt to adjusted EBITDA, demonstrating our powerful balance sheet and our continued capital allocation optionality. Investing in our business for both organic and inorganic growth will continue to be an important priority and will help Tyson increase production capacity and market capabilities. This will support strong return on capital generation for our shareholders.  Finally, as our track record has demonstrated, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. We bought back $175 million of shares at an average price of $88.50 per share during the second quarter. This is in addition to the $348 million of shares repurchased during the first quarter. Let's now discuss the fiscal '22 financial outlook. Based on the strong first half results, we're raising our total company sales guidance to a range of $52 billion to $54 billion. In support of our sales growth, we now expect 1% to 2% volume growth on a year-over-year basis as we work to optimize our existing footprint and run our plants full.  Looking at AOI margin target ranges for our segments. In Chicken, our operational turnaround is working, and we expect full year margins to be between 5% and 7%. Based on our first half performance, we now expect the full year margin in Prepared Foods to be in the range of 8% to 10%. In Beef, we are raising our AOI margin to 11% to 13%. We still expect the first half of the year to be meaningfully stronger than the back half as industry and labor conditions are expected to normalize in the second half. We expect that cattle price increases will reduce the overall margin in the back half. In Pork, we expect similar performance during fiscal '22 to what we accomplished during fiscal 2021, equating to a margin of between 5% and 7%. As is normal seasonality for Pork, we expect the first quarter to be the strongest. In International/Other, we anticipate reduced results from our foreign operations in fiscal '22 due to supply chain disruptions and other impacts related to COVID-19. Our expectations for CapEx, net interest expense and tax rate remain unchanged. Our net leverage is expected to remain well below 2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA, providing optionality, inorganic investment and additional return of cash to shareholders over the course of the year.  I'll now turn the call back over to Megan for Q&A instructions. Megan?
Megan Britt: Thanks, Stewart. We'll now move to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Donnie, I wondered you mentioned your expectation for sequential improvements in operating margins in the back half of the year. I just wanted to clarify, does this mean that you expect your operating margin in 3Q to be above 2Q, so above 8.9%, and then for 4Q to be above that once again? Or are you simply saying that the second half will be above the first half with, I guess, no comment on the cadence of 3Q versus 4Q? I know it's hard to measure these things. I just wanted to be sure what you were suggesting there.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Let me pick that up for Donnie. This is Stewart. I think you can take it as the first half is going to be not as strong as the second half. We haven't got obviously into giving you quarter-by-quarter. But we expect our business to strengthen over the back half. You'll recall from the prepared remarks that we expect our Beef to start to weaken in the second half. So some of that quarter-by-quarter timing will depend a little bit on the timing update.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. That's helpful. And then how are you thinking about the timing of the cattle cycle right now? What I mean by that is you mentioned that you expected the herd liquidation to continue the rest of the year. Again, no one has a crystal ball on these things. But do you have even a rough estimate for when you might expect the liquidation cycle to end next year?
Donnie King: Thanks, Ken. This is Donnie. We expect it to -- in fact, we thought we would have already seen lower supply than what we are seeing right now. An interesting data point is that cattle and feed recorded over 12 million, had a record high from March 1. So there's a little bit of noise in that still. Drought conditions and grain costs are certainly impacting supply. But we -- as we said, we think in the back half of the year, we'll see the spread tighten in our Beef business. And -- but I would also point out that we think it will be much higher. In fact, we call it 6% to 8% on a normalized range these days. But it's holding up pretty good right now. And while we're -- it's not going to be a record back half, we think it will be a very good one.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I just wanted to dig a little bit more in Chicken and thinking through the margin expectations in the back half of the year specifically and then what that implies as you move into fiscal '23. I think in the prepared comments, you talked about April being at 5% kind of even after any mark-to-market impact on grain. How do we think about the different levers to further margin improvement in Chicken through the back half of the year, whether it's volume in terms of the hatch and your throughput in the slaughter plants, mix, pricing actions versus some of the incremental inflation as we look at grain and some of your other purchasing puts?
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam. Let me say a few words, and I'll flip it to David Bray to add a few details. It was a year ago this quarter that I talked about the turnaround in Chicken, and in fact, talked about being at a 5% to 7% business. I will tell you, in this quarter, January, from a Omicron resurgence was painful across all of our businesses. But we've improved sequentially throughout the quarter. The back half of the year, in Chicken specifically, the thing that we need is greater volume, greater efficiency from the assets that we currently have. And we've announced a further processing plant that will come online next year that will add some incremental capacity. But our productivity program is working. We are becoming more efficient, and our volume is growing. And I would expect you to see that to continue to grow and develop over the balance of the year. I would tell you, in short, we're on point. And let me put it to David, and he can add.
David Bray: Adam, thank you for the question. I think, first and foremost, what I do want you to hear is that we have made progress within the Chicken segment. But we also know that we have much, much more work to do, and we're focused against that. I would also tell you that we said that we would deliver sequential improvement throughout the fiscal year, and we have. We also shared that we would see improved volumes sequentially. And quarter-over-quarter, we have seen improved volume. And we also said that we would outpace the market for growth. And within the Q2 time frame, we did that as well. In Q2, our harvest head was up 2.9%, and our harvest volume was up 4.9%, which actually allowed pricing to gain share in the Q2 time frame of about 0.75 point. We've also improved our adjusted operating income and our AOI margins sequentially quarter-over-quarter, and this was the case whether we include or exclude any impacts of derivatives against our business. And so again, I would tell you, we're making progress. We have more work to do. We are focused, and our goal has not changed: to be the best chicken company as we focus on the levers of our business. We're continuing to work hard to staff our plants. And today, I would tell you the poultry segment is staffed to standard. We're continuing to work on servicing our customers growing our business and to drive overall operational improvements.
Donnie King: If I could -- David, if I could add one more thing, Adam. On Friday, we closed on April -- by the way, it was a 5-day close, which is a new record, thanks to Stewart and Philip Thomas and the team. But in Chicken specifically, April was a good month. And Stewart referenced in his prepared remarks around 5%. I can tell you from the close that it's better than 5%. So I'll leave it at that.
Adam Samuelson: All right. That's really helpful. And if I can maybe just follow up in Chicken. I'm just trying to think about the internal kind of actions you're taking and what you have under your control is very clear. And I'm trying to make sure we can calibrate how the external environment has evolved in terms of record breast meat prices. Maybe some declines in wings, kind of risk around avian influenza and what that could potentially do to exports relative to the grain markets and just trying to think about how changes in that external environment would or would not impact, kind of how you think about chicken moving forward.
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam. I will tell you, we started over a year ago with 4 -- with what we call our 4 pillars, of which we're staffing our plant, servicing our customers, growing our business, and we're restoring industry-leading operating performance. That's still our plan. As you well know, there are a number of variables going on right now in the poultry business. What I can tell you is volume -- is demand is strong. In fact, I would tell you that if you look at the price of boneless scales breast meat, I think Friday was somewhere around $3.60. It's been a long time since I've seen that kind of strength in breast meat and chicken overall. And so grain is higher, of course. We are seeing that. Dave and his team are responding with shorter-term contracts to try to protect Tyson and try to protect our customers as well. And I'll stop -- put it over to David, if there's anything other things he'd like to add. David?
David Bray: Yes, I think just from the grain standpoint, despite what we're seeing from volatility in grain, the turnaround in Chicken is progressing as planned. And again, a large part of that is based off of our variable pricing structures. We're able to move much faster than we have in the past, and that's been a big benefit to us. Relative to avian influenza hub, yes, we are watching that closely, and it is always a risk within this business. But I would tell you that we mitigate that risk through the use of our biosecurity measures and that they are in place across all of our facilities right now. This includes testing every block that we have for AI before it leaves the farm. We are operating under heightened measures in some geographic areas of the country right now, and the heightened measures would basically be we're limiting the amount of people and trips that are taken to our farms as well as making sure that the people that do go to the farms are in clean vehicles, and we will continue to monitor that. To that, I would tell you that any bird loss related to disease impacts our growers, and it impacts our plants as well, but these have been relatively minimal to our business to date.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: So I want to ask -- I want to follow up on Adam's questions about the Chicken business. Obviously, your commentary on April is quite strong. Your guidance suggests continued strength in that business. If we could -- I want to ask a little bit about the mechanics of what happened in the quarter and kind of mechanics of cost-plus. I think we have an understanding of what happens when you have derivative gains and why. But would you talk about when and why you hedge your grain? And to the extent that we look into the balance of the year and that reflects hedges that you have on and benefits that you might enjoy as a result of that, could you talk about that versus a cost-plus sort of mechanism that as grain prices go up allow you to take high prices? I'm just trying to understand the moving pieces around what we should be mindful of as we monitor the environment going forward.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Let me -- this is Stewart. Let me go ahead the question on hedging. So we hedge primarily when we are obligated to fixed price, particularly any kind of agreements that are longer term that makes sure that we're not exposed to a fixed price with a moving commodity base. This year, we've seen a shift. We've talked about that in a couple of our calls. We have shifted to more variable or commodity-driven pricing, which means that we don't have to hedge as much. Keep in mind also, though, that those pricing mechanisms will have various triggers, and therefore, they won't be repricing every day. And so you will see us, of course, hedging over the shorter term to make sure that during that kind of lag period where we are obligated to price, that we have got protection from those in grains and other commodities. Is that helpful?
Ben Bienvenu: Very helpful, thank you. Pivoting and thinking about the Prepared Foods business, really solid margin results in the quarter, I know there's this cost price dynamics that you and all of your peers are navigating. The back half of the year suggests maybe a little bit of margin pressure and then expansion thereafter. Can you talk about how you feel about your price elasticities in that business, how you feel about your ability to operate the business well and perhaps as we cycle through some of the volume losses from the pet food business -- pet treat business to improve and deliver on fixed cost absorption and your balance of the margin balance when we move through this year and into next year would be helpful.
Donnie King: Thank you, Ben. Let me hit a couple of points, and I'll flip it over to Noelle, and she can go into greater detail with you. And you saw in our statement, the first half was down. We had lower production throughput. Again, January was troubling with the Omicron resurgence, challenging labor. And we did have the sale of pet treats in the quarter -- or in the first half. We expect the volume to improve. Retail demand remained strong, and we had some uneven recovery in our foodservice business, meaning there are some spots, and I'll call them out specifically, and then I'll flip it to Noelle. In our pizza topping business, for example, it was softer than expected. Our Philly business was softer than expected, and our tortilla business was softer than projected. And with that, I'll flip it over to Noelle, and she can talk about the elasticities.
Noelle O’Mara: Thanks, Donnie. So as Donnie referenced, demand really does continue to be strong driven by our strong brand equities and our diverse portfolio. And we do see that demand continues to exceed supply in a majority of our categories. We've made significant improvements in our labor vacancy rates. We expect to be back to prepandemic levels. In the second half, we also have investments coming online that we referenced in the prepared remarks on capacity. As Donnie referenced in foodservice, we are seeing a bit of uneven recovery. Overall, I would say it's showing momentum. Where we did see impacts is in January and February, where the Omicron variant surge had a brief negative impact as consumer mobility waned and foodservice traffic declined. This, along with some of the other dynamics from a labor perspective in the industry, slow recovery at the beginning of the year. But as we look at March traffic, the data shows that we are returning to pre-Omicron recovery levels as COVID cases drop back to a bit more normative levels. But broadly speaking, QSRs and stores continue to lead the recovery relative to other channels. We're also seeing great momentum in K-12 and continue to be optimistic in the overall recovery. And as referenced, we continue to make significant impacts on cost transformation. And so you'll continue to see a focus on that holistically for us across the business as we continue to improve labor, as we continue to expand our capacity, as we continue to invest in our portfolio and our leading brands and expect to deliver 8% to 10% ROS for the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Maybe we could start with Beef. You guys have obviously seen your business, I think, disaggregate a bit from some of the third-party sources. And I do think a lot of that probably comes from your export business and maybe some of the byproduct business. But can you talk about maybe those 2 specifically in the quarter and how we should think about them going forward as we monitor external data versus kind of what your report -- stronger results that you're reporting in Beef?
Donnie King: Peter, I'll make a couple of comments, and I'll pick it to Shane to make a couple. In our Q2, sales volume did increase. We had improved staffing and higher harvest weight. We talked a lot about the fact that we're buying a higher grade of animal, the process. Grades have improved significantly through the last couple of decades, and that continues to be the case for us. But as you pointed out, we're seeing a lot of help from our specialty products group, particularly in the fat and tallow area, our relationship with Jacobs Stearns that we've had there, we're able to take a lot of that product. And with the price of diesel and fuels, we're able to now to get some really bring value out of those products, and that's providing some tailwinds for us in our Beef business. But I'll flip it to Shane, and he can add a little bit more color to that.
Shane Miller: Yes. Thanks, Donnie, and thanks, Peter, for the question. Donnie, he hit on a couple of the categories. Obviously, specialty products, which is everything that's coming off of the drop or the harvest side of our operations, has improved. We continue to see better value coming from the fasten oil category. But also if you think about areas like proteins, you think about herbs, think about some of the variety meats that are typically sold into the export arena, we're seeing very strong demand globally from the product mix that we're supplying to the marketplace. This is still a cyclical business. We believe over that continuum that beef demand will continue to be very strong from a global perspective. And on top of that, if you think about the value that we're bringing to the marketplace and also to -- ultimately to the consumer, the meat quality and the cattle genetics that are being supplied to us today have never been better. So I think as we look forward here, strong quality, great product mix and diversification of customers and programs will lend to stronger support.
Peter Galbo: That's helpful. And then, Donnie, I just wanted to reconcile some of your comments in Chicken around your hatch plan -- or hatch improvement plan being on track. I think for total company, though, you took the volume guide down and just wanted to understand what that implied around back half chicken volumes. I think previously, we had talked about them being up maybe double digits to kind of make the year. So just wanted to reconcile kind of those 2 aspects.
Donnie King: Sure. There's a number of things going on there. We had the -- our hatch has improved. We're better than the average of the industry, for example, today. A year ago, we could not say that. So we have seen improvement there. We have also reduced our outside purchase of meat, and that's had a pretty significant impact on our overall volume, in Chicken specifically. We also -- if you'll recall, we had a fire in Huntsville, Alabama that impacted our volume. Not only of the rendered product that we produce ourselves, but on the ability to go buy that on the outside, that had a pretty significant impact as well. So those are kind of the top line things relative to volume. What I will tell you is we grew in the quarter. We grew in the first half. We didn't grow at the rate which we said -- and if you'll recall, we were -- we wanted to grow faster than the market, which we did but not where we want to be in terms of overall volume. And I'll let David touch on some of that.
David Bray: Yes. I think one other comment to that is we have seen several weeks, 5 weeks, of continuous improvement within our live operations. And one big component of what's going to continue to improve for us is we are on track with the delivery of the new male into all of our farms. And so we feel very optimistic about that. It's a male that we know very well. With that, we will continue to see improved hatch rates within our facilities as well as improved weight gain across with the new male coming in.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: Donnie, Stewart, congrats on the results. First question, just if you could elaborate a little more about the productivity program and the savings realizations which you had, the roughly $400 million you've mentioned. Can you give us breakdown on like sector basis, how we should think about where our focus has been mainly put within more recently? And where do you think low-hanging fruits are for the back half to deliver here? That would be my first question.
Donnie King: Sure. Thank you. So in terms of productivity, I'll just start out by reminding what we said in our Investor Day. We said that from an operational and functional excellence perspective between now and '24, we would save $300-plus million. From a digital -- making -- applying digital throughout our supply chain was worth another $250 million, and automation was $450 million. What I can tell you to date is that we will deliver near $400 million in year 1. And each and every day, we identify new things that we can put on our tracker that will deliver better results. But I would want you to take away from this is that there's unprecedented inflation, inflation we haven't seen in generation, really. And so this is not just pricing for inflation. We're also doing everything we know to do to become more productive, a more efficient, a lower-cost producer. And as we say in our poultry business, we want to be top quartile or better in every place that we play, and we still got room to do that. So I'd tell you that we're on track. There are things like trucking fleet resources and optimization, we -- our procurement program to address total company spend and then gas and fulfillment. The debone automation projects that we have in poultry, they're progressing as planned. In fact, they're a little ahead of that. And so we feel good about that. But our future is going to -- one, we have a fair market value price in the marketplace; but two, we want to be among the very best in every place that we participate.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then my follow-up is actually just a quick one for Noelle. On one of her comments she made around the adjusted operating margin in Prepared Foods to get this to the 10% level. So obviously, if we look into, first half was very strong, roughly 9.5%. So that's already the higher end of the range. So how should we think about that 8% to 10%? Is it really achievable at a higher level? Because I think you said something like you want to be at 10%. So you want to be at 10%, but there might be some uncertainty which could bring it down for whatever reason, which we don't know today, but we should more plan on 10% than maybe 8%. Is that fair?
Noelle O’Mara: So what I'd start by saying is, to your point, and you've heard this in the prepared remarks and Stewart emphasized as well that we had a better-than-expected first half really driven by the actions that we took on price to offset inflationary impacts, the improvements that we saw in labor, the cost transformation starting to come through as well as mix. As I referenced a few minutes ago, the demand expectations that we see continues to outpace supply. And with labor momentum and the capacity investments, we do expect volume improvements as we continue through the second half. We also anticipate continued foodservice recovery. As we look towards the back half on the inflationary side, we do continue to expect inflationary pressures through the back half, which is why it's sort of top of mind on the cost transformation efforts that Donnie just referenced. And so holistically, we're confident about the 8% to 10% ROS range.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I dig into the labor cost issue? To begin with, maybe some numbers if you have them, the labor costs as a percentage of COGS, especially in Chicken, your vacancy rates and how they're trending over time? And specifically, just more philosophically, you've been improving pay and benefit for 2 years now since that summer of 2020. And it seems as though the pandemic is easing and yet these labor challenges are persisting. I think you alluded to the diversity of your team members. Is there a more structural problem that with the tightening of integration policies that, that sort of dried up the well of where you can recruit people into those types of roles? And then secondly, on the labor side, I'm just thinking from a cultural perspective, from a morale perspective, I think your automation processes are talking about a 3,000-person reduction in job counts over the next 3 years to fiscal '24. How do you recruit and retain people as you're going through that automation process? I mean, is this like -- I'm trying to get a whether this labor issue is likely to be a persistent problem despite all the efforts that you're making to improve the working conditions.
Donnie King: Thank you for that question. And I'll hit on a few points. For example, we realize -- fully realize that we have to create a desirable place to work. In fact, we talked about it in terms of being the most sought-after place to work. We realized that those team members that we have can work wherever they choose to work. And we want to give them a reason to work for us. I believe I said in the last call, it is not my objective to fix the labor problem in the United States. My objective is to fix the labor issues that we have at Tyson Foods, and we're doing that. And it's not a -- there's not a one thing that fits all the needs. For example, child care, you can talk about child care, and there's a subset of the population that, that is of value. And -- but there's also other areas where it's not. Transportation is more desired and needed in other areas. We have, in some rural communities, for example, the need for healthcare. So we created on-site or near-site health clinics that our team members and their families have access to little or no cost. And that's one opportunity for us to have a differentiated place to work. It's true, we continue to invest in wages and benefits in booster shots and booster clinics. We've done over 100 of those. And we think we're seeing a positive impact from those things. We're seeing improved absenteeism and turnover rates. We announced that we're going to support team members through non-profits to try to for legal citizenship support. And then 2 weeks ago, I think it was, we announced Upward Academy program. And we're going to spend $60 million over the next 4 years for education for our team members. That's master’s degree, bachelor's degree, associate’s degrees, live skills training, English, for example, whatever we can do to try to differentiate Tyson as a place to work. We are committed to that result. We, this past year, paid all of our team members at end of the year, thank you dollars. And we were happy to do that. Those team members we have are the lifeblood of this company. We don't do anything without them. And so investing in them, taking care of them, keeping them safe is our highest priority.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zaslow of BMO.
Kenneth Zaslow: So when you talk about the Prepared Foods business, it sounds like there's a lot of internal improvement. How does this margin structure that you've created for this year kind of forecast how you're going to be going forward in 2023 and 2024? Does this give you more confidence? Or are you more tempered because of the inflation? I got a sense of both those sides throughout the conference so far. So I'm just trying to figure out. I would have thought it would have been more bullish longer term, but it sounds like you were tempering it a little bit on the inflation. I'll leave it there for now.
Donnie King: Thanks, Ken. I'll start off, and then I'll let Noelle, see if she wants to add anything. I think it's important that everyone here -- that we're pricing and trying to get a fair market value for our product in the marketplace. That's one avenue. But secondly, the one that's absolutely in our control is to be able to do what we do better as being best-in-class in operations. That's labor, that's yields, that spend, productivity, running lines at rate. And then let's not forget the fact that a location -- we all have 168 hours in a week. How do we run more hours in a week and get greater asset utilization of the assets that we currently have? And so we're looking at all those things. So I think productivity -- don't think it of it as something to offset inflation. Think of it as a way of life and who we are as a company. And it's the gift that -- part an expression, it's a gift that's going to keep on giving for us, and it will never go out of style for us. So with that, let me pause, and I'll let Noelle add some color to that.
Noelle O’Mara: Thank you, Donnie, and thanks for the question, Ken. So what we've talked about through Investor Day and as we've come together on these calls, we continue to believe in our confidence that this portfolio is a double-digit ROS business. And the foundations of those building blocks continues to be the same. Demand continues to be strong across retail as well as the expected continued foodservice recovery. As we look holistically, the top line acceleration will come from actions that we're taking to increase capacity both in our existing footprint as well as through expansion in our network, including step-change investments in automation that Donnie referenced. We're also taking significant actions to transform our cost base, and we'll continue navigating the increase of inputs with pricing to offset inflation as necessary. And so you do recognize that there is inflationary dynamics that we're mindful of as well as continuing to keep a very close watch on the elasticities as we go throughout the second half. But as we look holistically in terms of the strength of this business, the demand outlook, coupled with investments across our portfolio, mixed opportunities within the business, which includes organic discriminating investments as well as inorganic portfolio shaping and aggressive cost transformation, we're confident in our path to deliver sustainable double-digit margins. And then for the year, as we referenced, we do expect to be in that 8% to 10% ROS range.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. I appreciate that. And then my second question is, when you think about the cattle cycle longer term, there seems to be a lot of -- or a fair bit of new capacity announcements over the last 6-or-so months going out 2023, 2024. How do you think about that new capacity versus the cattle supply versus the demand? And how does that impact how you think about margins longer term, not just this year?
Donnie King: Thank you, Ken. I will start off, and then I will flip it to Shane to add a little extra color. In terms of incremental capacity, competition makes us better. So we're not frightened by that. We welcome that. So -- but in terms of cattle supply, because of the drought and herd liquidation and a number of other things going on, I mean that -- it will have some impact on supply in the cattle out front. In terms of our business, so I think it's really important to understand that a cow is not a cow and the fact that we work with our ranchers and feeders and we buy a premium cattle. And that premium cattle, we pay more for it, but we also get a better cutout before it. And then we talked earlier about specialty products, particularly fast in oils and hides and the like and how that helps that whole cutout value. So we've had some really extraordinary margins over the last couple of years. We don't think that will maintain that level. It was a point in time and a shock to the system. However, we do believe that we will be in that 6% to 8% range on a go-forward basis because of some of those things that I talked about earlier. And with that, Shane, anything I've missed if you'd like to...
Shane Miller: Yes. And thank you for the question. Donnie, you hit on most of it here. I would say a couple of things here, and I mentioned it earlier, that from a kind of genetics perspective and the quality that our feeding partners are bringing to the marketplace today, it's never been better. And the drought conditions that are plaguing, I'd say, over 50%, 55% of the country continue to persist. So you've seen heavy cow liquidation year-to-date that's impacting the forward curve because this is what's going to impact you 2 and 3 years out. And that's due to the lack of grass and forage that's in the country right now. So -- as Donnie mentioned, we expect to see more competition for livestock here as we go forward. We're laser-focused on staffing our plans, building our supply chain, enhancing our relationships, servicing customers and performing with the best. And this is a very competitive industry, and it always has been. But at the end of the day, it's having a diversification of programs and customers. We feel we offer solution to customers through a case-ready business with 2 new plants that have been added here this past year. They're going to lend to our overall success, too. So yes, we're seeing higher prices here from a cattle perspective, and we anticipated that here, and we continue to navigate that. But your point in your question is spot on: there's going to be more competition in the future.
Stewart Glendinning: Ken, Stewart here. Just one thing to add. I mean, I think important to just think about how this impacts the shape of the year. Ken Goldman opened with a question on sequential improvement. That answer I gave him, just so all of you are really clear, related specifically to Chicken. That was Donnie's comment on Chicken -- sequential improvement in Chicken and the guidance that supports that. But my comment on Beef, which ties into your question is that you have to watch Beef in the back part of the year when you start thinking about Tyson as a whole because the first half of the year has been better. It's been a better half of the year, 16% in total. And that's been a great result for us. Of course, the back part of the year, we'll start to see that come off. And in the coming quarters, we'll be able to give you the guidance on the future years. But be clear that we've been consistent in Investor Day and in recent calls in saying that we think that global demand for beef is strong and so long as the cattle are there to supply that. Over the long haul, Beef, we think, will be a better business than it has been historically.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Donnie King for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Megan Britt, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Megan Britt: Hello, and welcome to the first quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call for Tyson Foods. Prepared remarks today will be provided by Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, David Bray, Group President, Poultry; Noelle O'Mara, Group President, Prepared Foods; Shane Miller, Group President, Fresh Meat; and Chris Langholz, Group President, International, will join the live Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks, and these are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thank you, Megan, and thank you to everyone for joining us for the call today. Earlier today, we announced our first quarter fiscal 2022 results. Tyson Foods once again delivered strong financial results. I would like to start by thanking our team members for their dedication, Herculean efforts this quarter as we managed a complex and dynamic operating environment. At our Investor Day, I shared our plan to grow our top and bottom lines aggressively over the next 3 years. This meant EPS growth of high single digits relative to a 2019 baseline and volume growth ahead of the market. Our results this quarter put us firmly on that path. We achieved double-digit sales and earnings growth, both of which were driven by ongoing demand strength, productivity savings and improving execution across our segments. Our diverse protein portfolio, omnichannel capabilities, leading brands and value-added products contributed to our results. Strong performance in our Beef segment, earlier-than-expected recovery in Prepared Foods and improvement in Chicken and Pork, all supported strong earning results. Our retail core business lines, which include our iconic brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park maintain their volume share position even as we work through price increases to address inflationary pressure. And our foodservice focused 6 product lines grew share year-over-year in broadline distribution. This growth was driven in large part by value-added chicken, which outperformed industry recovery and breakfast sausage where we were seeing improved fill rates. Importantly, and despite the continued impact of COVID-19, our volumes improved slightly across the company relative to the same quarter last year. Chicken was a bright spot, where we saw our volumes improved 3.6%. While this is a good start, we are not where we want to be on volume. So we're taking actions segment by segment to improve our volume performance. These actions include investing in our team members, in additional capacity and in brands and product innovation. As discussed at Investor Day, we are also in the process of building 12 new plants. Each of these is progressing and each will enable Tyson to address capacity constraints and meet the growing global demand for protein. Bottom line, we're committed to improving our total company volumes during the year. We're also making sure that our pricing incorporates inflationary cost pressures on our business. In the quarter, our cost of goods sold was up 18% relative to the same period last year. We are seeing higher costs across our supply chain, including higher input costs, such as feed and ingredients. We're also managing higher cost of labor, transportation due to strong demand and limited availability. With these higher costs, we work closely with our customers to achieve a fair value for our products. As a result, our average sales price for the quarter increased 19.6% relative to the same period last year. This helped us capture some of the unrecovered costs due to the timing lag between inflation and price. Finally, our balance sheet and overall liquidity position are strong, providing optionality to pursue strategic growth priorities and invest in growth across our portfolio. We have a disciplined approach to deploying capital to support capacity expansion while achieving improved returns on invested capital. Our first quarter results clearly demonstrate that we are making progress on our growth objectives, that we remain focused on outpacing the overall market, improving operating margins and driving strong returns for our shareholders. While we're growing our business, we are mindful of our corporate responsibilities around environment, social and governance goals. For example, we committed to investing in and supporting our communities in rural America and around the world. Last year, Tyson Foods donated more than 16 million pounds of protein, the equivalent of 64 million meals to fight hunger. We're incredibly proud of this work and the people that make it possible. Tyson is a great company with a great team doing great things, and I'm pleased that this was recognized just last week by Fortune Magazine, who announced that for the sixth year in a row, Tyson Foods was #1 in our sector in their rankings of the world's most admired companies. Now let's look at a few financial highlights from the first quarter. Our results included double-digit top and bottom line growth. We delivered solid operating income performance, up 40% for the quarter. This performance was broad-based across segments where continued strong consumer demand and effective pricing to mitigate the impact of inflation drove higher earnings. On volume, we are up slightly. And while we're working to achieve optimal throughput across our segments, labor challenges are still impacting our volumes and the ability to achieve optimal mix across our network. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, our volume performance is outpacing our peer set. In retail, despite substantial market pressures, core business lines held share in the first quarter, led by strong performance in lunch meat, hotdogs, snacking and bacon. We also realized strong e-commerce results with Tyson Foods outpacing total food and beverage growth and our core lines gaining share in the quarter. Still, customer demand continues to outpace our ability to supply products. So we have targeted actions in each segment to improve volumes. This is key to delivering on our commitments. To realize our volume goals, we must be able to fully staff our plants across the company. We continue to take meaningful action toward becoming the most sought after place to work. For example, we provided our hourly team members with more than $50 million in bonuses during the first quarter. We are piloting subsidized and on-site childcare and we are adjusting schedules to flex with workforce needs. These actions are bearing fruit as we see some improvement on the labor front. And while we have seen some labor challenges during the Omicron surge, we are generally seeing lower turnover in absenteeism. We saw Chicken volumes grow 3.6% in the quarter, driven by strong fundamental demand and improved live production. What is important to note is that we grew ahead of the market and gained market share. In Prepared Foods, volumes were down 2.6% in the first quarter. About half of the decline was related to Pet Treats divestiture. We expect to sequentially improve these results over the remainder of fiscal year '22 as we take actions to expand and improve capacity utilization. In Beef, volumes were down 6.2%, driven by labor shortages previously mentioned. In addition, port congestion has also dipped in export volumes in the segment. We expect these headwinds on volume to normalize over the course of fiscal 2022. In Pork, we have sequentially improved our capacity utilization. We are still working to optimize the mix. In International/Other, while we are starting from a relatively small base, our investment in capacity, innovation and brands are supporting our market share growth objective. Overall, we expect to grow our total company volumes by 2% to 3% in FY '22, outpacing protein consumption growth. Chicken remains a top priority and we continue to execute against our road map to achieve an operating income margin of 5% to 7% on a run rate basis by mid fiscal '22. I remain confident we will meet this goal. In the first quarter, we've started to see profitability improvement resulting from our actions. For example, we're investing aggressively in automation and technology to help us address some of the most hard to fill roles. This is not a series of projects, but is a well-planned program with automation, designed to use common designs and equipment across our plants to optimize cost, maintenance and asset utilization. The second imperative is to improve operational performance and critical to improving performance is maximizing our fixed cost leverage which means having enough birds to run our plants full. Since September, we've seen an improvement in our hatch rate ahead of our expectations. We continue to expect full recovery in this year. We were pleased with our volume growth in the quarter and expect further improvements as we grow our harvest capacity utilization from an average of 37 million head per week in FY '21 to 40 million head per week by year-end. We've noted previously that strength in spot prices for commodity chicken products put our buy versus grow program at a relative disadvantage. We have reduced our reliance on outside meat accordingly. We will staff our plants, service our customers, grow our volumes and be the best in the business. The plan we have continues to be the right plan and our commitment to winning with our team members, winning with our customers and consumers and winning with operational excellence is delivering results. Last year, we announced the launch of a new productivity program designed to drive a better, faster, more agile organization that is supported by a culture of continuous improvement and faster decision-making. The program aims to deliver $1 billion in recurring productivity savings by the end of fiscal '24 relative to a fiscal 2021 cost baseline and has 3 critical focus areas, which are operational and functional excellence, digital solutions and automation. We're making some good progress on this front. I spoke just a minute ago about our investments in automation, but we've also attacked other issues. In Prepared Foods, we're making use of supply chain, digitization and advanced analytics. Our digital manufacturing platform allows us to analyze real-time data to take actions to optimize process conditions that drive better yields, lower costs, consistent quality and increased output. In transportation and logistics, we have established ongoing optimization of the mix and allocation of our private fleet, dedicated fleet and third-party fleet, mitigating inflationary pressures and supporting better on-time deliveries to our customers. In addition, we continued the expansion of our direct shipment program, reducing miles driven and product touches in our supply chain. As a result of projects like these, we're on track to deliver $300 million to $400 million of savings in fiscal 2022. We shared at our Investor Day that we are taking actions to accelerate our growth and drive disciplined return on invested capital. The 5 imperatives on this slide show how we will achieve our commitments and drive value creation. This starts first with our commitment to our team members with a focus on ensuring their health, safety and well-being as well as ensuring an inclusive and equitable work environment. We are proud of our COVID-19 vaccine policy implemented last year in the U.S. and of the broader investments that we have made to keep our team members, their families and our communities safe. Because of our policy, our team members are better protected and the cases we do see have been mild or asymptomatic, resulting in an extremely low number of hospitalizations. We are strongly encouraging boosters and are hosting clinics to make it easier for our team members and their families to get boosted. Second, we are working to enhance our portfolio and capacity to better address demand. This includes increasing the contribution of branded and value-added sales. As a result, we expect our volume to outpace this growing market. Third, we are aggressively restoring competitiveness in our Chicken segment. This starts by returning our operating margin to the 5% to 7% level by the middle of fiscal 2022. Fourth, we're driving operational and functional excellence and investing in digital and automation initiatives. This is at the heart of our new productivity program. We're working diligently to drive out waste, minimize bureaucracy and enhance decision-making speed across the organization. Fifth, to address projected demand growth over the next decade, we are using our financial strength to invest in our business. On capital alone, we're expected to invest $2 billion in fiscal year '22 with a disproportionate share focused on new capacity and automation objectives. And we continue to return cash to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned over $500 million in dividends and share repurchases. To wrap it up, we are committed to winning with our team members, customers and consumers as well as winning with operational excellence. I'm more excited about the future of Tyson Foods with each passing day. And I will now turn the call over to Stewart to walk us through our financial results in detail.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you, Donnie. Let me turn first to a summary of our total company financial results. We're pleased to report a strong overall start to the year. Our sales were up approximately 24% in the first quarter, largely a function of our pricing initiatives to offset inflationary pressures. Volumes were also up slightly, although impacted by continued labor challenges. Looking at our sales results by channel, retail drove almost $350 million of top line improvements versus last year. Improvements in sales through the foodservice channel drove an increase of $1 billion and our export sales were nearly $333 million stronger than the prior year period as we leveraged our global scale to grow our business. First quarter operating income of $1.4 billion was up 40% relative to the same quarter last year due to increased earnings in Beef, Pork and Chicken. Driven by the strength in operating income, first quarter earnings per share grew 48% to $2.87. Higher operating income led to higher adjusted earnings per share compared to the same period last year. And first quarter EPS also benefited from lower interest expense and taxes. Slide 10 bridges year-to-date operating income, which was $407 million higher than fiscal 2021. Volumes were up slightly during the year, primarily a result of improvement in Chicken, Pork and International/Other, offset by declines in Beef and Prepared Foods. Declines in Beef and Prepared Foods were largely due to continued labor challenges in those segments. Our pricing actions led to approximately $2.1 billion in sales and price/mix benefit during the quarter, which offset the higher cost of goods sold of $1.6 billion. We saw continued inflation across the business, in some instances, up 20% to 30%. Notable examples were labor, grain costs, live cattle and hog costs and freight costs. And finally, SG&A was $88 million unfavorable to the same period last year, which was largely a result of cycling a $55 million benefit recorded last year for the recovery of cattle. Moving to the Beef segment. Segment sales were more than $5 billion for the quarter, up 25% versus the same period last year. Sales growth was driven by continued strong demand for beef products, which has supported higher average sales price. Partially offsetting higher sales prices were higher capital costs during the first quarter versus the comparable prior year period. We had sufficient livestock available in the quarter driven by strong front-end supplies. We have good visibility into cattle availability through fiscal year 2022 and continue to expect it will also be sufficient to support our customer needs. We delivered segment operating income of $956 million, up 81% versus the prior comparable period. This improvement was driven by strong global demand for beef products and a higher cut out, which were partially offset by higher operating costs. Our operating margin of 19.1% was notably higher than the same quarter last year but was down on a sequential basis versus the last 2 quarters as cost increases led to a narrowing of the spread. Now let's move on to the Pork segment on Slide 12. Segment sales were over $1.6 billion for the quarter, up 13% versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers for the segment included higher average sales price due to strong demand and increased hog costs, partially offset by a challenging labor environment. Average sales price increased 12.8% and volumes were slightly higher relative to the same period last year. Segment operating income was $164 million for the quarter, up 41% versus the comparable period. Overall, operating margins for the segment improved to 10.1% for the quarter. The operating income improvement was driven by higher spreads in the business. Moving now to Prepared Foods. Sales were $2.3 billion for the quarter, up 10% relative to the same period last year. Total volume was down in the quarter with strength in the retail channel and continued recovery in foodservice more than offset by labor and supply chain challenges. Sales growth outpaced volume growth driven by inflation-justified pricing. During the quarter, retail core business mines maintained share, driven by consumer demand for our brands and continued strong execution by our team. Operating margins for the segment were 8% or $186 million for the first quarter. The decline in segment operating margins versus the same quarter last year was driven by significant increases in raw material and other input costs that we were recover cost increases during fiscal 2022. In addition to pricing, we've executed productivity, revenue management and commercial spend optimization initiatives while ensuring the continued development of brand equity through marketing and trade support. Moving into the Chicken segment's results. Sales were $3.9 billion for the quarter, up 37%. Volumes improved 3.6% in the quarter due to strong consumer demand and increased life production. Our teams have been focused on streamlining our plants to deliver higher volumes and we expect to deliver substantial volume improvements in fiscal 2022 as hatch recovers, and we continue to look for ways to operate our plant more efficiently. Average sales price improved around 20% in the first quarter compared to the same period last year. This increase is due to favorable product mix and price recovery to offset cost inflation. On pricing, we made tremendous progress toward driving our pricing mechanisms toward more variable structures and are now seeing those benefits. We restructured our pricing strategies given our experience in fiscal 2021 to ensure that we have the flexibility to better respond to market and inflationary conditions. Chicken delivered adjusted operating income of $117 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, representing an operating margin of 3%. Operating income in the quarter was negatively impacted by $185 million of higher feed ingredient costs. Now turning to Slide 15. As part of our capital allocation approach, we focused on building financial strength, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders. In pursuit of our priority to build financial strength and flexibility, we used improved earnings to retire debt in fiscal year 2021 and expect to do the same this year. Continued strength in our earnings this quarter have further improved our leverage ratio to 1.1x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Investing in our business for both organic and inorganic growth will continue to be an important priority and will help Tyson increase production capacity and market capabilities. This will support strong return generation for our shareholders. Finally, as our track record has demonstrated, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. We finished the quarter with a powerful balance sheet and continued capital allocation optionality. Let's now discuss the fiscal '22 financial outlook. We are maintaining our total company sales guidance of $49 billion to $51 billion, although we expect to perform at the upper end of the range. In support of our sales growth, we still expect a 2% to 3% volume growth on a year-over-year basis as we work to optimize our existing footprint and run our plants full. Looking at AOI margin target ranges for our segments, in Chicken, our operational turnaround is working and we still expect to achieve a run rate profitability of 5% to 7% by the middle of the year. We expect full year margins that also fall between 5% to 7%. Prepared Foods is expected to deliver margins during fiscal '22 of between 7% and 9%. Based on our first quarter performance, we now expect the full year margin performance in Prepared Foods to be at the upper end of the range. In Beef, we are maintaining our AOI margin at 9% to 11%, but we expect to perform at the upper end of the range. Also, we expect the front half of the year to be meaningfully stronger than the back half as industry and labor conditions are expected to normalize partway through the year. In Pork, we expect similar performance during fiscal '22 to what we accomplished during fiscal '21, equating to a margin of between 5% and 7%. As is normal seasonality for pork, we expect the first quarter to be the strongest. In International/Other, we expect margins of 2% to 3% as capacity expansions and strong global demand support volume growth and improved profitability. Consistent with our expectation for a meaningful increase in CapEx spending to pursue a healthy pipeline of projects with strong return profiles, we anticipate CapEx spending of approximately $2 billion during fiscal 2022. We now expect lower net interest expense due to lower anticipated average debt balances during the fiscal year. Our expectations for productivity savings and tax rate changes remain unchanged. Our net leverage is expected to remain well below 2x net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA, providing optionality for inorganic investment and additional return of cash to shareholders over the course of the year. In summary, we've had a strong start to the fiscal year. We have a great team, growing demand for our products, strong portfolio diversity and the differentiated asset footprint needed to win in the marketplace. We set out ambitious calls at our Investor Day, and we expect to achieve them.  I'll now turn the call back over to Megan for Q&A instructions. Megan?
Megan Britt: Thanks, Stewart. We'll now move to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess my first question, just maybe taking the quarter and the kind of updated kind of view of fiscal '22 kind of broadly. Can you help us frame kind of the areas where the margin expectations for the year have maybe incrementally inched up on a point estimate basis and some of the drivers? Is that really reflecting the strong fiscal first quarter? Is that a more constructive view of pricing and price cost balance over the balance of the year? Just help us think about how your outlook has evolved relative to what you give -- given initially in November.
Donnie King: Well, let me start off with and tell you that we really got off to a good start in Q1. And there are a number of factors with Q1 and what we saw in Q1 and our optimism as we look to the balance of the year. We've adjusted a number of pricing mechanisms to be more variable in nature. We've seen prior elasticities, for example, in Prepared Foods being less or lower than what they have historically been, which is exciting there. We've been able to maintain volume in this inflationary environment. Inflation, as we see it will continue -- is continuing to move up. We're really excited about our productivity program relative to the whole company. We're anticipating $300 million, $400 million, and we're on track through Q1 relative to that. Just doing what we do better and we talk about becoming a more agile, faster decision-making organization. Essentially, that's all about process and being better, faster and making decision that with greater speed at lower levels within the organization. But because of our vaccination position, we've now moved past the surge of the Omicron spike, as we call it, which occurred predominantly in the first 3 weeks of January, and we're back to normal levels. We think our vaccine mandate served us well and making that commitment and really making our team members' health and safety and their families and communities our highest priority has served us through the new variant. We've seen better absenteeism and turnover throughout the organization. We think labor will be available, will be much greater in the balance of the year. And we certainly have capacities coming online with head and harvest and Chicken and further processing capabilities, value-added capabilities in Prepared and Chicken. And we've got labor going back into beef and pork plants, and we'll be able to improve those mixes as well as increase the harvest capacity.
Adam Samuelson: All right. All right. That color is really helpful. And I guess just a quick follow-up. On capital allocation, you stepped up the buyback in the fiscal first quarter. It was something that was notably absent from the kind of multiyear view at the Analyst Day in December. And I was wondering if you could just help us think, Stewart, maybe just cadence on buybacks going forward? Should we think about it being more ratable, more opportunistic? Just certainly have the balance sheet capacity to make it more ratable, but I'm just trying to think about how to bring that expectation going forward.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, thanks for that, Adam. If you go back to Investor Day, we were really focused on being able to point to the strong growth story that sits in front of our Tyson's future. And part of that was a pretty significant allocation of increased capital to CapEx spending and various capacity expansion. So it was an intention to leave stock buyback to the end, but stock buybacks have been talked about in history, and they will be in the future. The one thing we've said is that we do look each year to try to buy back the dilution. And after that, it will be more opportunistic. But growth is a focus for our company.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: I guess first question for Donnie. And I believe David is on the line as well. Donnie, you've spoken in the past, and it's been helpful just on how buy versus grow gets put at a disadvantage, particularly when spot prices move, you've made some strides to lower kind of at meat purchases here on a sequential basis. But just in the month of January with where spot prices kind of moved, how should we think about that impact on Chicken and on the overall turnaround maybe just in the short term here?
Donnie King: Okay, Peter, I'll tell you. I'll start, and then I will let David make a few comments. But over the last year or so, we've been -- the recovery for our Chicken business has been a priority. Specifically, as it relates to buy versus grow, the fact of the matter is, we became too dependent on the buy portion of the model. And we forgot to grow Chicken, which hurt us from a capacity utilization perspective and those additional pounds flowing through our business really impacted our fixed cost leverage. So we tilted too far on the buy portion of this. And over the last year, as we been building the breeding stock and getting past the hatch issue that we talked about so much last year, we're now in a better position to get more head through our processing and harvest facilities and which will give us more breast meat at a much more attractive price point versus the buy in the marketplace right now. We have not totally abandoned the buy portion and do not anticipate totally abandoning that, but there's a smaller percentage of our overall needs that we will go to the market to secure. But we're on plan with what we intended to do. And with that, David, why don't you add a little bit.
David Bray: Yes. I think -- Peter, thank you for the question. I think one way also look at this is we will buy outside meat to the extent it is the right financial decision. From our standpoint, we will continue to manage against what is right, as whether buy versus grow. But generally, outside meat purchases are going to be used to supplement what we're doing when it's the right financial decision. And as what Donnie -- as Donnie stated, volume is critical. It's one of the big levers of what we are going to accomplish in FY '22 to grow the animals ourselves into processes, and that will make us much more efficient.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. And Donnie, in both your comments, prepared remarks and Stewart, you both commented on restructuring the pricing strategy to be more variable in nature, particularly in Chicken. I'm just curious, what percentage of that business now is tied to more of the spot market versus kind of where you had been historically? I think that would be just helpful for us as we think about how to think about the new business going forward.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So I would tell you, within Chicken specifically, I would tell you, we have restructured our pricing approach, and that's really in large part, thanks to our commercial organization as well as the great customer relationships that we have across both our retail and food service networks. I would tell you today, we are significantly more variable pricing versus fixed. And again, we're not even utilizing fixed rate within our conversations. Every contractor program that we have is either tied to grain, tied to market value and we will continue to use that. Pricing was up significantly in Chicken in the Q1 time frame of over 20%, and a large part of that was because of the variable programs that we put in place.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: I wanted to ask, it's obviously extremely early and this could lead to nothing, but there have been a couple of cases of avian influenza, obviously not in the poultry industry. I'm just curious, are you seeing anything? Are you doing anything on your part to take extra precautions against this? I think you're probably one of the most up-to-speed companies in the world in terms of already taking those precautions. So maybe you're already there. I'm just trying to get a sense of what you see the industry doing and if there's been a lot of changes since the last time title came around.
David Bray: Yes, absolutely. Ken, good morning. Thank you. And yes, the USDA has reported that this high patent variant has only been found in the wild bird population. And it's really been within the East Coast of the United States. I would tell you more specifically to what Tyson is doing versus what the industry is doing is, but we have a very robust biosecurity measures in place across all of our facilities, and that includes testing every flock for avian influenza. In addition, at Tyson, we have heightened our biosecurity measures in all of our facilities on the East Coast. Some of those things that we've done are we're reducing number of trips that we're taking to farms. We're actually taking extra time and doing more cleaning of our vehicles that do go to the farms, but we are ahead of this and have been watching it very closely.
Donnie King: I would add to this that we are -- we have in our biosecurity programs, we have green, which is just normal business; yellow, orange and red, which are progressive. On the East Coast, as Dave mentioned, we are in the orange category at this point. So a lot of attention and a lot of watching. I saw the case over the weekend in Florida, which I think now is 5 states, which we have seen avian influenza.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. That is helpful. And then I wanted to also ask, you had you obviously still have a plant-based alternative business, not obviously, the biggest part of your business at this point. But it was a little bit of an initiative for you a couple of years ago and still mentioned from time to time. We've heard some of your competitors and peers out there talk about how demand has slowed for that part of the business. I'm just curious what your take is on the industry in general, how much of -- has your optimism waned at all for that? Just want to get a sense for how you see that current balance between animal-based and alternative-based need.
Donnie King: Sure. Well, I mean, we're still in the plant-based protein business. We still like it. Consumer demand continues to be good. We've seen a lot more growth late. But across retail and foodservice, we continue to see growth. Now that's off a very small base, as you might imagine. But we're continuing to see growth. But for us, with our presence outside the United States, in Europe and China, and also in Southeast Asia, we also have plant-based products in those markets that are doing really, really well also. So we're still excited about the plant-based business and when consumers prefer that, we want to have the opportunity to be able to provide that for them and are currently and are growing. And let me ask Noelle if there's anything she'd like to add to that.
Noelle O'Mara: Sure. Just as a build, we want to be leaders across all the proteins that consumers seek. And we know that consumer interest in adoption is growing in this space. And we'll continue to be guided by the consumer needs and the opportunities and -- you see the Raised & Rooted products that we've launched domestically. We continue to have opportunities internationally, and we'll continue to ensure that we are participating with consumer interest and adoption growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Antonio Hernandez: This is Antonio Hernandez on behalf of Ben Theurer. My question is regarding Prepared Foods, and you basically performed in line with guidance during this last quarter. I think you mentioned over the long-term target of 10% to 12%. How do you see the potential in the purpose to follow pricing to recover margins within this year and also next fiscal year?
Noelle O'Mara: I can give you a bit of context to what we're currently seeing. So demand continues to be strong across both retail and foodservice driven by our strong equities in our diverse portfolio. And as you said, we're pleased with the market performance that we're seeing despite the price increases, which is really due to the strength of our brands and the strong partnership and relationships that we've built with our customers. Elasticity has been less than the historical models that Donnie has mentioned, but it's clearly something that we're watching closely. And so we're constantly reviewing our pricing and revenue management strategies. As the landscape changes, we'll continue to take thoughtful approaches on those critical levers. As you also heard in the comments, we're taking significant actions to transform our cost base and we're creating good momentum there. And so on the year, we continue to feel good about the 7% to 9% range that we've given, and we believe we have the right building blocks in place on our path to deliver sustainable double-digit margin.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just 2 questions. One is automation. Can you talk about the progress and what anecdotal evidence you've seen, how much has been actually done? And is it changing automation story would be helpful.
Donnie King : Well, automation is -- I've talked about it in a great deal in our productivity program, I talked about at Investor Day, that we anticipate over the next 3 years as that be worth about $450 million to us. So we're spending significant amounts of capital on that. Stewart talked about in his opening remarks about the $2 billion of CapEx for capacity. But a great deal of the money is being spent is on automation and technology that we are deploying. . I would tell you, in our Q1, we are on track. We had a number of different projects, and we've moved from a -- have really moved from a project to project to more of a programmatic approach where we attack common things across our production footprint, for example, could be deboning across all chicken, could be like palletizing, for example, an automation that's available there across the entire enterprise, material handling-type things, but all of these are in terms of priority or the more difficult, harder to staff jobs. And so I would tell you, in short, we are on track. We will deliver $300 million to $400 million in productivity savings, and some of that is coming from the automation piece. To the best of my knowledge, we've not disclosed how much is coming from each sector, but we're moving as quickly as humanly possible as quickly as the supply chain will allow us to get new pieces of equipment and so forth.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. My second question is on hatchability. We haven't really seen it in the data -- on the public data, but you're saying that you're moving faster than talk about what you're actually seeing in your operation? And when do you think it will actually translate to the numbers in the publicly available data? And just kind of give us a little bit of what you've actually done to move that hatchability up to where you are actually ahead of schedule?
David Bray : Absolutely, Ken. Thank you. I think first and foremost, we do need to say that we are ahead of what we had expected from a Q1 stand point related to our overall hatch. I'll also share with you that -- and again, this is everything specific to Tyson. I mean really I won't speak to and cannot speak to what's happening within the industry. We understand we ended FY '22 with a growth mindset. We really demonstrated that within Q1 where we grew our volumes 3.6%. As we enter '21, I can tell you, we are up in egg sets. We are up in both chicks placed as well as overall breeder production. Our to continue to grow like we did for the -- in Q1 for the balance of '22. Our hatch is a critical component to that.
Donnie King : I would add this piece of context to that, Ken, that in '22, we have this -- we've -- where we intersect in publicly benchmark data. We have crossed that line with competitors, the industry at large with our hatch.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens.
Benjamin Bienvenu : So I want to ask, in your presentation that you issued concurrent with the results this morning, you noted on the pork business that there's a continued opportunity around mix, I hope that you could elaborate a little bit on that. And then also to the extent that you think about that as a component of your Chicken business, I know repricing contracts, hatchability and plant productivity are all kind of the highlight items associated with improving that business. Where does mix stand and the opportunity to margin up the Chicken business?
Donnie King : Okay. Let me start broadly, and then I will let Shane speak a few details around Pork and there are similarities with that. But for example, in the Pork business, the labor availability in pork and chicken has been the single biggest challenge that we've had over the last 2 years in the pandemic. Capacity utilization has been better in pork than it has been in chicken. Labor and capacity utilization is continuing, it has been good in pork and continues to get better. The thing that has hurt us to some degree on both pork and chicken is mix or capturing some things like of harvest in chicken or pause or a similar specialty products in pork. We've just not been able to fully optimize that. For example, in pork, maybe the inability to debone a ham versus selling a whole ham. And those are the type of things. But as we enter '22 in both businesses, we're in a much better position in terms of labor improving, and we still have some ways to go, but we see improving mix and capacity utilization across all businesses. And I'll let Shane speak to -- maybe do a few more things in Pork.
Shane Miller : Yes. Thanks, Donnie, and you hit on most of it there. But I think the other thing to add to this, too, is as we think globally here, Tyson is a global company and we're servicing a lot of companies and countries across the globe. And the key to this is being able to balance that with our domestic business and looking at what we have from a throughput and a labor perspective. So labor has been a challenge. We'll get in the animals through the facility, but it's the further processing we're doing on the back end of the plant that's been a bit of a challenge. So staying focused on optimizing our labor usage and maximizing throughput and contribution when we look at it on a labor per man-hour basis has been the key.
Benjamin Bienvenu : Okay. That's great. And then my second question is related to export demand. You called out in the presentation as well around Beef that port congestion and labor shortages impacted the business. Export demand has been exceptionally strong for Beef in particular. I'm curious your outlook for this year for continued export demand? And then for Chicken, I know that there's a mix challenges that perhaps weighed on leg quarters domestically. But with this very strong crude backdrop, I would think that would also benefit export demand for domestic leg quarters. So can you talk a little bit about exports and your outlook for that across all the businesses for the balance of the year?
Shane Miller : Yes. So I'll take the Beef question. So the U.S. is a leader in global beef production, and it's centered around our superior taste and quality. And the producers that we're partnering with in this country are doing a phenomenal job are increasingly preferring U.S.-produced beef, and we're seeing stronger global demand as a result of that. Port congestion on the West Coast, as you mentioned, has been an issue, and it's impacting not only the short-term international demand, but also fulfillment on orders that focused on is implemented strategies and options to not only diversify shipping ports, but also to mitigate our risk as we go forward. But we continue to see very good interest coming out of Asia, especially for our high-quality yield and beef. And a good example around that is China. China has become the #3 destination for U.S. beef. And Tyson has a competitive advantage with not only our direct business, but our international business unit that we have in in-country there in China. So significant resources in country, a lot of customers demand in beef, and we feel real good about 2022 and going forward.
David Bray : To answer your question relative to what we're seeing within poultry, very similar to his comments that Shane was making about the demand remains extremely strong. And I would tell you that it's really not a demand and price are really not the issue. We're dealing with the same port congestion in the poultry organization. But that really underscores the need for us as an organization to make sure that we are upgrading our mix and to utilize those in domestic use. A cutting those of the drum and thighs and using them within alternate channels domestically. We are targeting both deli and foodservice for some of those opportunities.
Donnie King : Let me add one comment to this, that I try to remind everyone. In addition to all the things that both Shane and David have said, I would remind us of the One Tyson approach, which is our international business unit that we have in China. And with leg quarters and pork and beef products and prepared foods product as well. When we export those commodity-based products outside the United States, in many cases today -- or in most cases today, we take them in and further process chicken leg quarters and the like into value-added branded products into China in an approach we call One Tyson. And then we're able to sell it and capture an additional margin on top of all that, eliminating a number of activities and hands touched in the middle of the process. So I'll leave it at that.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : I have a couple of questions. One, I think easy to answer and maybe one that's not so easy. So I'll start with the first. You talked about being able to get fair value for transportation surcharges. A lot food peers can't seem to recoup those charges. So why is yours easier in fresh meat than it is in branded foods to charge the customer for that surcharge? And then I'll wait and ask another one.
Donnie King : Let me start with that one. Let me start with simply saying that freight costs are up 32% for us. I talked about some of the technology we use to -- in my opening remarks, where we would intersect between our private fleet contract fleet outside carriers and try to optimize how we do that. And we've seen a lot -- we've had a lot of success. It took like a lot of the inflation happened so rapidly. It took a bit to get on top of that. But thus far, we have been successful in being able to get the transportation and we've asked our customers to pay us for that and pay us for freight, and we've been successful in doing so.
Robert Moskow : So is it -- go ahead.
Donnie King : …else is not able to do that.
Robert Moskow : So is it easier in one part of the business than it is in another part of the business, like easier in fresh and not so easy in branded?
Donnie King : Not -- as I look around the room and from all those leading the businesses, I don't think if you're a branded portfolio versus a more commodity-oriented business, I don't think that really matters. What we tried to do with our customers is say, freight is freight and the price of the product and the price of the product, and we don't -- we try not to blend the 2. And so I don't -- I wouldn't say one is any easier than the other. But I think the fact of the matter is what -- this freight being up 32%, that's what it cost to get the product moved and delivered to a customer, and we're asking our customers to pay for that. Anything to add?
Shane Miller : Yes, I was going to say -- this is Shane. The only thing I'd are certain markets that are a little more difficult to shift into versus others. So you got to think about backhauls and what your cost mechanism is going to be to recover that, too. So that would be the only other component I'd add on to what Donnie said.
Robert Moskow : Okay. Great. Here's the second question. The industry has been dealing with a labor shortage for a long time. It's unclear when it's going to get better. In the past, I remember hearing that Tyson and others have found pockets of international immigrants, communities to source, to improve their labor utilization in certain facilities. Is that -- is your access to international immigrants compromised in the current environment, more so than it has in the past? And is there something that the industry can do to gain access to more people from international locations in a legal fashion?
Donnie King : Well, you're right. Labor has been a challenge for a bit now. We looked at this in terms of trying to solve for Tyson. And our approach has been to try to create a better place for people to work, a better work experience with less turnover and less absenteeism with just keeping team members safe. In our first quarter, we paid $50 million in bonuses to our team members for no reason other than to say thank you for choosing Tyson. Thank you for being on our team. And we've had to do a number of things like piloting childcare and subsidized child care, onsite clinics. And we've also are investing with our strong balance sheet heavily in terms of automation to take away some of those more difficult jobs. Now our workforce, to be clear, is made up of a number of different immigrants and people from all over the world in different nationalities and so we've benefited through the years like many others have of having such a diverse workforce. And so we continue to pursue those things like Afghan refugees. We tried to be available with -- working with the government in terms of having availability and we've worked with communities in terms of trying to build or define housing to support that, to make it easier. I mean we're doing all kinds of things along that line to be able to make it easy to do business with Tyson, easy to go to work for Tyson and do it all the right way. And so that's been our approach. I know of no magic or no pool of people anywhere that we are targeting to try to take care of the labor situation. We're trying to solve it by doing a number of things to make us a better place to work.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery : Good morning. You touched on elasticities a little bit, and I realize they've held up quite well. We've heard that from a lot of companies. But just curious how you think about some of your assumptions for that going forward? And especially just with pricing up as strongly as it is, that's a few multiples of what wage growth looks like. So just curious what your planning assumptions are for how that unfolds over the rest of the year? And maybe a little bit color by segment, if you can.
Donnie King : Noelle? Would you like to start with that?
Noelle O'Mara : Sure. So as I mentioned, we're constantly reviewing pricing and revenue management strategies, and it is a dynamic environment. And as the environment continues to evolve, we'll be very thoughtful about our approaches. Pricing is just one of the levers in our toolkit. We look at productivity and cost opportunities and other levers to ensure that we have all the pieces coming together to best grow our brands and create business continuity and profitability. And so maybe the other aspects that I would point to is that we have a broad and diverse portfolio with a range of price points to ensure that we have offerings that meet a variety of consumer needs and price pack architecture also becomes critical in these inflationary times, and you see that focus for us across the business.
Donnie King : Yes. I would add this to what Noelle said, we have seen a lot of inflation. But I would remind you that cost of food in the U.S., while it is higher, is relative to the balance of the world. Labor costs have been up 20%, cattle costs are up -- have been -- they're up 22%. Grain has been up 29% this year and freight, I mentioned earlier, is up 32%. We're not asking customers or the consumer ultimately to pay for our inefficiencies. We're asking them to pay for inflation. And the rest of what we do is we try to find ways to be more productive, to lower cost and increase throughputs and so forth. And we feel good about our ability to do a lot of that while serving our customers.
Michael Lavery : The inflation headwinds are obviously clear and certainly a driver of the pricing. But just maybe expect to some of your assumptions on the elasticities. Maybe, at a very high level, do you assume they revert to more normal levels or that they can hold at sort of what we're seeing currently?
Donnie King : They are where they are right now. And I know that's not a very good answer. I mean there is a price point where it could be impactful. But at Tyson, we play across the spectrum from the most value-added products to the most commodity of commodity products and we meet the consumer wherever they are on the value chain. And so we intend to continue to grow our business and serve those consumers wherever they are.
Michael Lavery : Okay. Great. And I just want to follow up on the chicken pricing and understand some of the flexibility that you've implemented. And maybe just understand if it's meant to allow for more upside or if it drives more volatility. Is it flexible in both directions? Or does it have any sort of floors that just mostly allow for easier increases?
Stewart Glendinning : Absolutely. Thank very much. And again, there's flexibility both going up and there's flexibility going down. Our partners in both retail and food stores understand what those metrics are. And we will go up and we will go down based off of how we put our programs together. But the biggest piece of it is the fact that it is much more variable today than it has been at any point in time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Donnie King, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Donnie King: Thank you, Andrea, and thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Megan Britt, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Megan Britt: Hello, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call for Tyson Foods. Prepared remarks today will be provided by Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, EVP, and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, David Bray, Group President Poultry, Noelle O'mara, Group President Prepared Foods, and Shane Miller, Group President Fresh Meats will join the live Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks and these are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimer on slide 2, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin, and our remarks are on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations on these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thank you, Megan. I'll start by saying that the safety of our team members continue to be our top priority, and I'm very pleased that we now have a team in the U.S. that is fully vaccinated. As we focus on meeting the needs of our customers and consumers, vaccination is the best way that we can protect our team members from the impacts related to COVID-19 and ensure business continuity. Earlier today, we reported strong fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 results. We delivered double-digit sales and earnings growth in a challenging year. Our performance was supported by continued strength in consumer demand for protein. Our retail core business lines which include our iconic brands, Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, and Ball Park have driven strong share growth in the retail channel, delivering 13 quarters of consecutive growth. Continued recovery in the food service channel led by QSRs, also supported our strong results. Overall, we saw our volume recovery in the second half from the pandemic lows to finish the fiscal year only slightly down. We are taking several deliberate actions by segment to improve our volumes including investing behind capacities, brand, and product innovation, and our team members. Our investments in team members include our successful vaccination mandate as well as automation and technology initiatives that I'll discuss in a moment. The construction of the 12 new plants that we've mentioned previously are progressing well, and once complete, will enable Tyson to address capacity constraints and growing global demand for protein. These new capacities include 9 chicken plants, 2 case-ready beef and pork plants, and 1 new bacon plant. In parallel to our actions to improve volume, we have also worked to recover inflation through pricing, achieving a 13 % price improvement for the fiscal year and a 24 % increase for the fourth quarter. In this dynamic environment, we will be aggressive in monitoring inflation and driving price recovery activities. And the diversity of our portfolio showed its value again this quarter as demonstrated by earnings performance in our beef segment supported the delivery of a strong fiscal year earnings results. Our performance has allowed us to build financial strength. Our Balance Sheet is strong, resilient, and provides Tyson the optionality needed to pursue strategic growth priorities. And to that point, our investment in future growth across our portfolio continue. We demonstrated resilience in fiscal year 2021, and we are entering fiscal 2022 with tremendous momentum. Our results demonstrate the dedication of our global team, the importance of our diverse portfolio strategy, and our ability to meet consumer demand across proteins, channels, and meal occasions. Now turning to financial results, let me give you some highlights overall. I was pleased with both a strong quarter and full-year. Sales improved 20 % in the fourth quarter and 11 % during the full year. Our sales gains were largely driven by higher average sales price. Average sales price trends reflect successful pricing strategies during the ongoing inflationary environment, but we still have opportunities specifically in prepared foods, where we delivered softer results than anticipated. Like many other companies, we were faced with a range of higher levels of inflation; notably higher grains, labor, meat, and transportation costs. Our teams have worked together with our customers to pass along that inflation through price increases. On volume, we saw improvement in the second half relative to the same period last year. Volumes were up 3 % for the second half or nearly 350 million pounds. Although we're working diligently to achieve optimal throughput across our segments, labor challenges are still impacting our volumes and ability to achieve optimal mix across our processing footprint. Having said that, we're taking aggressive actions as a team to address the labor constraints, and we're seeing improvement. We delivered solid operating income performance, up 26 % during the fourth quarter and 42 % for the full year. This performance was largely due to strength in our beef segment, where continued strong consumer demand and ample cattle supply have driven higher earnings. Overall, our operating income performance translated to earnings per share of $2.30 for the fourth quarter, up 35 %, and $8.28 for the full year, up 53 %. Looking at our results on volume. We're taking aggressive actions to optimize our existing footprint, add new capacity, adjust our product mix by plant, and match our portfolio more closely with customer and consumer needs. For the fiscal year, our volume was down slightly. Customer demand during the fiscal '21 outpaced our ability to supply products, but we're working aggressively to fill that void. We recognize how important service levels are to our customers, and we're committed to improving our fill rates and reliability of supply. With respect to supply, we have focused on ensuring our ability to maintain business continuity, and our team has been resilient in the face of numerous supply chain challenges. As we look towards fiscal '22, improving volumes will be key to delivering against our commitments. We expect to grow our total Company volumes by 2% to 3% next year, outpacing overall protein consumption growth. A large percentage of that growth will come from the chicken segment. And across our business, we're working to optimize our product portfolio, remove complexities, enhance capacities, and pursue operational improvement initiatives to deliver against these volume growth objectives. Moving now to Slide 6, we acknowledge the challenging and competitive labor environment, and it's no secret that we want to be the most sought after place to work. We fully understand that this starts with an unrelenting focus on safety every minute, every shift, every day. The health, safety, and wellness of our team members has been and will continue to be our top priority. So, I'd like to take a minute to stop and commend our team members and our leadership team for doing their part to keep themselves, their colleagues, their families, and their communities safe, which has helped us reach our vaccination goals. But vaccines and investments in COVID-19 protection measures are certainly not the only actions that we've taken to become the most sought after place to work. To ensure that every Tyson team member feels as though they can bring their true and complete self to work each day, we've invested behind diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts. And we also understand the importance of a strong compensation offering, and we believe that we hold a leadership position in this space. We have raised wages and across our business today, we pay an average of $24 per hour, which includes full medical, vision, dental, and other benefits like access to retirement plan and sick pay, and we will continue to explore other innovative benefit offerings that remove barriers and make our team members lives easier. We're also accelerating investments in automation and advanced technologies to make existing roles safer and easier while reducing cost. We're confident that our actions will increase Tyson's staffing levels and position us for volume growth. Relating to operational excellence and market competitiveness, today, we are announcing the launch of a new productivity program, designed to drive a better, faster, and more agile organization that is supported by a culture of continuous improvement and faster decision-making. The program is targeted to deliver 1 billion in recurring productivity savings of the end of fiscal '24 relative to fiscal 2021 cost baseline. These savings are included in the guidance expectations as Stewart will share in a moment. Execution of the effort will be supported by a program management office that will ensure delivery of key project milestones and report on savings achievements connected to 3 imperatives. The first is operational and functional excellence and is targeted to deliver greater than $300 million in recurring savings. This includes functional efficiency efforts in finance, HR, and procurement that are focused on applying best practices to reduce cost. The second is digital solutions, which is targeted to deliver more than $250 million in recurring savings. We'll achieve this goal by leveraging new digital solutions like artificial intelligence and predictive analytics to drive efficiency and operations, supply chain planning, logistics, and warehousing. For example, we're using technology to ensure that our shipments are optimally loaded to say freight costs and enhance customer service levels. In many ways, the pandemic has already accelerated our push to more digital footing and our commitment in this space will continue that focus. The third is automation. We will leverage automation and robotics technologies to automate difficult and higher turnover positions. For example, we have substantial opportunity to automate the deboned process within our poultry harvest facilities using a combination of both third-party and proprietary technologies. Chicken remains a top priority for me personally and for our Company. We continue to execute against our roadmap to bring operating income margin to at least the 5 % to 7 % range on a run rate basis by mid fiscal '22. Our goal has not changed and we remain committed to restoring top-tier performance. The first imperative is to be the most sought after place to work. I've outlined the investments we're making to enhance our team member experience in my earlier comments. This will ensure that we have the right levels of staffing to fulfill our customer orders on time and in full. The second imperative is to improve operational performance. Critical to improving operational performance is maximizing our fixed cost of leverage, which means having enough birds in our internal networks to run our plants full. Reconfiguring and optimizing our existing footprint, we can increase our harvest capacity by more than 10 % without building another plant. In addition, we have clear initiatives to remove complexity from our plants, reduce transportation and handling, and minimize waste. Our operational improvements will unlock significant unused capacity in our network and take advantage of the fixed cost leverage. Each of these initiatives will support leading operational performance from our chicken business in the future. Patch rates have impacted our ability to do this, and we've shared the initiatives underway to correct this. Our new mail roll-out is progressing as planned, and we believe we've hit the inflection point that will lead to sequential improvements through the entirety of fiscal 2022. The new mail roll-out at our pullet farms is nearly complete, and we continue to observe improved hatch rates associated with these new mails. We've also mentioned how strengthened spot prices for commodity chicken products throughout the fiscal year has put our buy-versus-grow program at a relative disadvantage versus history. From Q3 to Q4, we again reduced our rate of outside purchases, this time by nearly 30 %. The final imperative is to service our customers, on time and in full. Tyson's branded value-added product offerings have continued to gain share during both the fourth quarter and the latest 52 weeks and new capacity expansions will help us maintain momentum. Inflation has clearly had an impact on the business. Our commercial teams have successfully pursued inflation justified pricing, delivering top-line growth for the business to offset the cost increases. As rates of inflation continue, so will our pricing actions. Whether in equivalent level of emphasis on disciplined operational execution and volume throughput. We will staff our plants, service our customers, grow volumes, and be the best chicken business. The plan we have in place is still the right plan, and our level of confidence, conviction, and excitement as the team continue to grow. Looking forward to fiscal year 2022, I feel confident our ability to drive value creation. We have strong consumer demand, a powerful and diverse portfolio across geographies and channels, and a team that is positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. Our priorities are clear. Winning with customers and consumers, winning with team members, and winning with excellence in execution. With these priorities as our guide, we're taking aggressive actions to accelerate our growth relative to the overall market, improve operating margins, and drive stronger returns on invested capital. We are committed to our team members with a focus on ensuring their health, safety, and well-being as well as ensuring an inclusive and equitable work environment every shift, every day, every location, with no exceptions. We have shown that we are willing to take bold actions in support of this commitment. Second, we are working to enhance our portfolio and capacity to better serve demand. This includes increasing the contribution of branded and value-added sales, by focusing our product portfolio and by adding capacity to meet demand. We expect our volume to outpace the market in the intermediate term. Third, we are aggressively restoring competitiveness in our check-in segment. This starts by returning our operating margin to the 5 % to 7 % level by the middle of fiscal 2022. Fourth, we are driving operational and functional excellence, and investing in digital and automation initiatives. This is at the heart of our new productivity program. We are working diligently to drive out waste, minimize bureaucracy, enhanced decision-making speed across the organization. Finally, to address expected demand growth over the next decade, we're using our financial strength to invest in our business through both organic investments and strategic M&A. On capital alone, we expect to invest $2 billion in fiscal year 2022 with a disproportionate share focused on new capacity and automation objectives. Tyson has the right portfolio, the consumer-driven insight, and the scale and the capabilities to win in the marketplace across proteins, channels and meal occasions. We also have the financial strength to invest behind our business to accelerate growth and to maintain our momentum. I look forward to sharing with you our progress as we work through the year, and I'll be sharing more details with you at our Investor Day in a few weeks. I will now turn the call over to Stewart to walk us through our financial results in detail.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you, Donnie. Let me turn first to a summary about total Company financial results. We're pleased to report a strong overall finish to the year. Sales were up approximately 20 % in the fourth quarter, largely a function of our successful pricing initiatives that were pursued to offset inflationary pressures. Volumes were down 4 % during the fourth quarter, primarily due to labor challenges, hampering our efforts to fully benefit from strong retail demand and recovery in food service. Fourth quarter operating income of nearly $1.2 billion was up 26 % due to continued strong performance in our beef business. For the full year, operating income improved in nearly $4.3 billion up 42 %. Driven by the strength in operating income, fourth-quarter EPS grew 35 % to $2.30 with the full-year up 53 % to $8.28. Slide 11 bridges our total Company sales for fiscal year '21. Sales dollars were up across all segments. As you can see, the most substantial sales dollars benefit came from the Beef segment, which saw market conditions that led to a wider than historical cutout margin. At the same time, we saw price increases across the business to offset the high levels of inflation we faced. Looking at our channel results, sales at retail drove over $1 billion of top-line improvement versus last year, even after exceptionally strong volumes in the comparable period. Improvements in sales through the food service channel drove an increase of $1.6 billion and our fiscal year export sales were nearly $1 billion stronger than the prior year. As we leveraged our global scale to grow our business. Slide 12 bridges year-to-date operating income, which was about $1.3 billion higher than fiscal 2020. As I mentioned previously, volumes were down slightly during the year, primarily a result of a challenging labor environment. Our pricing actions and strength in the Beef segment led to approximately $5.6 billion of sales price mix benefit, which more than offset the higher COGS price mix of $4.6 billion. We saw inflation across the business. Notable areas were in wages, grain costs, live animal costs, and pork, meat cost, and prepared foods, and freight costs across the enterprise. Incremental direct COVID-19 costs were favorable by approximately $200 million during the year. Also, our total spending at $335 million was still substantial. The decrease was driven primarily by cycling one-time bonuses that were paid last year. And a large portion of that was reinvested in permanent wage increases for our team members this year. Lower one-time bonus costs were partially offset by higher testing and vaccination costs incurred during fiscal 2021. While these costs are expected to reduce in fiscal '22, we will continue to spend against initiatives to keep our team members safe. And finally, SG&A was over $100 million [Indiscernible] to prior year, which was largely a result of a net benefit associated with the beef supplier fraud. Now, moving to the beef segment. Segment and sales were over $5 billion for the quarter up 26 % versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers included strong domestic and export demand for beef products. Offsetting higher sales prices were higher cattle costs up more than 20 % during the fourth quarter. We had ample livestock available in the quarter driven by strong front-end supplies. And we have good visibility into cattle availability through fiscal '22 and currently believe it will also be sufficient to support our customer needs. Sales volume for the quarter was up year-over-year due to continued strong demand in contrast to a soft comparable period a year ago, driven by lower production volumes. We delivered segment operating income of $1.1 billion or 22.9% for the fourth quarter. This improvement was driven by strong global demand for beef products and a higher cutout, which were partially offset by higher operating costs. While our Beef segment experienced strong results during the quarter and fiscal year, we're still not at optimal levels of capacity throughput due to labor challenges, which we expect to normalize over the course of fiscal '22. Now, let's move on to the Pork segment on Slide 14. Segment sales were over $1.6 billion for the quarter, up 30 % versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers for the segment included higher average sales price due to strong demand and increased hog costs, partially offset by a challenging labor environment. Average sales price increased more than 40 %. Our volumes were down relative to the same period last year. Segment operating income was $78 million for the quarter down 52 % versus the comparable period. Overall, operating margins for the segment declined to 4.7% for the quarter. The operating income decline was driven by higher hog costs and increased labor and freight costs. Moving now to Prepared Foods. Sales were $2.3 billion for the quarter, up 7 % relative to the same period last year. Total volume was down 5.7% in the quarter with strength in the retail channel and continued recovery in food service more than offset by labor challenges. Sales growth outpaced volume growth, driven by inflation justified pricing and better sales mix. During the fourth quarter, retail core business lines experienced the 13th straight quarter of volume share growth driven by consumer demand for our brands and continued strong brand execution by our team. Operating margins for the segment were 1.7% or $39 million for the fourth quarter. A slowdown in segment operating margins versus the same quarter last year was driven by significant increases in raw material input costs that we were not able to fully recover through price during the quarter. For the full-year, operating income margin was 7.6% or $672 million. As we mentioned last quarter, the ongoing inflationary environment created a meaningful headwind for Prepared Foods during the fourth quarter. Raw material costs, logistics, ingredients, packaging, and labor have increased our cost of production. We've executed pricing, revenue management, and commercial spend optimization initiatives while ensuring the continued development of brand equity through marketing and trade support. We expect to take continued pricing actions to ensure that any inflationary cost increases that our business incurs are passed along. Our pricing has lagged inflation, but we expect to recover those cost increases during fiscal '22. Moving into the Chicken segment's results, sales were $3.9 billion for the fourth quarter, up 21 %. Volumes improved 1.3% in the quarter. has strong consumer demand offset both labor challenges and the detrimental impact of a fire at our hands build rendering facility. Our teams have been focused on streamlining our plants to deliver higher volumes, and we expect to deliver substantial volume improvements in fiscal '22 as the hatch rate recovers, and we operate our plants more efficiently. Average sales price improved over 20 % in the fourth quarter and 11.4% for the fiscal year compared to the same periods last year. This increase is due to favorable product mix and price recovery to offset cost inflation. Our pricing has admittedly lagged our realization of cost inflation, but we made tremendous progress in the last few months to close that gap and are now seeing those benefits. We have restructured our pricing strategies given our experience in fiscal '21 to ensure that we have the flexibility to better respond to market and inflationary conditions. Chicken experienced an operating loss of $113 million in the fourth quarter. The segment earned $24 million representing an operating margin of 0.2% for the fiscal year 2021. Operating income was negatively impacted by $945 million of higher feed ingredient costs, grow out expenses, and outside meat purchases. For the fourth quarter, feed ingredients with $325 million higher than the same period last year. Segment performance also reflects net derivative losses of $75 million during the fourth quarter, which was a $120 million worse than the same period last year. Turning to Slide 17. In pursuit of our priority to build financial strength and flexibility, we have substantially delivered our business over the past 12 months, reducing leverage to 1.2 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA as we paid down $2 billion of debt while growing our earnings and cash flow. Investing organically in our business will continue to be an important priority and will help Tyson increase production capacity and market capabilities. Each of these leaders will support strong return generation for our shareholders. We will also continue to explore parts to optimize our portfolio through M&A, through the lens of the value creation and shareholder return. Finally, as our track record has demonstrated, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. We're pleased to announce that last week our board approved a $0.06 increase to our annual dividend payment, now totaling $1.84 per Class A share. Let's now discuss the fiscal '22 financial outlook. We currently anticipate total Company sales between $49 billion and $51 billion, which translate to sales growth of between 5 % and 7 %. We expect 2 % to 3 % volume growth on a year-over-year basis as we work to optimize our existing footprint and run our plants full. Our new productivity initiatives is expected to deliver $300 to $400 million of savings during fiscal '22, driven by operational and functional excellence initiatives. The roll-out of digital solutions across the enterprise and extensive automation projects that are currently underway. Now, as we look at the organic growth opportunities ahead for our business, we expect a meaningful increase in CapEx spending to pursue a healthy pipeline of projects with strong return profiles. We currently anticipate CapEx spending of approximately $2 billion during fiscal '22, an increase of roughly $800 million. This investment will support our initiatives to meet global protein demand growth into the future, allow us to gain share and will deliver strong financial returns for our shareholders. Excluding the impact of changes from potential tax legislation, we currently expect our adjusted tax rate to be around 23 %. We anticipate net interest expense of approximately $380 million because of intentional deleveraging during fiscal '21. Liquidity is expected to significantly exceed our target while net leverage is expected to remain well below 2 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA. It is important to note though that over the last 2 years, working capital has been a source of cash. We don't expect this to be the case in fiscal '22. Moving forward, our business growth where we require increased working capital, which combined with deferred tax payments under the CARES Act, taxes on the gain of the pet treats divestiture, litigation settlements, and other discrete items will lead to a substantial use of cash during fiscal 2022. Now, let's look at how each of our segments will contribute to that total Company performance. Prepared Foods is expected to deliver margins during fiscal '22 of between 7 % and 9 %. We will remain disciplined and agile in our pricing initiatives to ensure that any additional inflationary pressures are passed along to customers, while also working diligently to deliver productivity savings to reduce costs. We expect the Beef segment to continue to show strength due to prolonged industry dynamics, leading to segment margins of between 9 % and 11 %. We expect the front half for the year to be meaningfully stronger than the back half as industry and labor conditions are expected to normalize partway through the year. In chicken, our operational turnaround is working, and we still expect to achieve run-rate profitability of 5 % to 7 % by the middle of the year. We expect this will be achieved through sequential quarterly margin improvements during the first half of the year, resulting in full-year margins that fall between 5 % to 7 % of our expected at the lower end of that range. In pork, we expect similar performance during fiscal '22 to what we accomplished during fiscal '21, equating to a margin of between 5 % and 7 %. In International and other, we expect margins of 2 % to 3 % as capacity expansions and strong global demand support volume growth and improved profitability. Our segments individually and an aggregate have clear in compelling role within Tyson's portfolio strategy. They deliver diverse counter cyclical performance that supports the Company's long-term earnings objectives and delivers strong value for shareholders. I will now turn the call back over to Megan for Q&A instructions. Megan?
Megan Britt: Thanks, Stewart. We'll now move to your questions. Please recall that our caution on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And at this time, we'll pause momentarily to assemble our roster. And the first question will come from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Stewart Glendinning: Morning.
Donnie King: Morning.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask within the commentary on the guidance, the productivity savings of $300 million to $400 million for this year and $1 billion by the end of 2024, could you talk about how much of that you expect to be realized on a net basis to the bottom line and how much of it might be reinvested back into the business to drive growth?
Stewart Glendinning: Ben, good morning, Stewart here. Look, we're trying to drive for as much of it as possible to the bottom line, but keep in mind that our assumptions around what's going to drop to the bottom line are already embedded in the guidance that we've given you by segment, but that's the short story.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, perfect. And then if I look at the balance sheet, your -- even with a pretty substantial increase in capital expenditures for 2022, you're going to have a cash build potentially. So, I know, Stewart, you noted some commentary on the business, the working capital being a use of cash in 2022; could you talk about what you expect that use of cash to look like so that we can get a sense of what the cash balance at year end looks like? And then along the same lines, you talked about reinvestment in M&A; what is your prioritization of that relative to potentially share repurchase given that you've upped the authorization there?
Stewart Glendinning: Okay. Right. Let me unpack that a little bit -- yes. Look, we're super pleased with the way the year has worked out. This is really a diverse portfolio that's delivered a great result and that's driven the increase in cash. So sitting at 1.2 times leverage, we've got $1 billion of debt that will come through this year. We're planning to pay that down. We also, as you called out, are going to have a much larger expenditure on CapEx, which is going to be great for our investors. And as our business grows, that's going to consume some more working capital -- regular working capital. In addition to that, we've got a number of one-off payments that we expect to pay out this year, which are pretty meaningful. And to characterize that as around a billion dollars of deferred taxes related to the CARES Act, taxes that are owed on the sale of the pet business, as well as some payout of the litigation accruals that you've seen in our books.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay.
Stewart Glendinning: To M&A, maybe the last question on an M&A versus buyback. Look, it's a normal course. We don't comment on any specific M&A, but we've shared the levers in our business. We have successfully pulled all those levers over the last number of years, and I think that's been a good effect. We don't imagine that we're going to change that this year.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Fair enough. Great. Thanks and look forward to catching up with you guys at the Investor Day.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Good morning, Donnie, Stewart.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Ben Theurer: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the results. Now, just to unfold one thing and maybe you can help us a little bit on what you're planning into 2022. So, clearly, it feels like a lot of your growth in the quarter was impacted by lack of labor, be it in beef, be it in pork. I mean, you've pointed out in the segment commentary that there was a lot around labor shortage, and we know you've been invested in people, but what do you have to do looking into 2022 to overcome these headwinds on the labor market, just in order to get actually the volume out -- you want to get out? Because it seems like you have the assets but you don't have the people to process. Is that a fair assumption?
Donnie King: Let me take that, Stewart, and good morning. Labor has been very challenging throughout the year, but as we've mentioned in the script earlier, we're seeing a light at the end of this tunnel. We're seeing our ability to get plant staffed, -- I think from a poultry perspective. For example, we're almost fully staffed since November 1, we've made great progress across Prepared Foods and our beef and pork businesses, so we're gaining on that post the close of our vaccine mandate. So we're very optimistic about '22. But in addition to having a labor shortfall, which is constrained capacity, we've also had just capacity shortfall in some key categories. For example, ready-to-eat products that would be for the more value-added poultry and also for Prepared Foods. And again, we're just now bringing on 2 new case-ready beef and pork plants to enable us to have more capacity in there in a startup mode. So yes, labor has been a challenge. We're seeing progress. We're very excited about '22 from that perspective. We believe we've got the worst behind us and we're looking forward to that, but we're also -- we got 12 new plants going or under construction to deliver more capacity, and we have strong demand for that. And so, we look forward to what that will deliver for us not only this year, but also in the coming years.
Ben Theurer: And then within Prepared Foods, clearly, we're seeing the headwinds from some of the input cost most here and just you holding back a little bit on pushing through price with that operating income margin adjusted down to a little less than 2 %. Now, the guidance for next year basically implies something flat. Does that mean on over the course of the year, would you just think about still headwinds in the first half and as pricing comes through in the second half, we're going to see that picking up a little bit or how should we think about the cadence of margins into 2022 in the Prepared Foods business?
Donnie King: Hi, Ben. I'll make a couple of comments and I'll pass that onto our expert, Noelle O'mara, who leads our Prepared Foods businesses. And so it's -- you'd characterize much of it. We're trying to absorb the rapid inflation, predominantly in pork products and meat. And as we go with this branded portfolio that we have to the marketplace, it's no different than any other CPHE (ph) Company has dealt with. You're trying to balance share and price, and it takes a little bit of time, unlike the commodity portion of our business, say beef and pork, and takes a little more time to get that executed. We're looking for ways, always looking for ways to try to expedite that process but it takes a bit to be able to get customers aligned, to be able to get promotional and those activities aligned. But let me stop with that and I'll toss it over to Noelle to add some color as well.
Noelle O’mara: Sure. Thanks, Donnie. As we mentioned, demand continues to be incredibly strong across the portfolio. Our Q4 performance was impacted because of the inflationary environment accelerating faster than anticipated. Despite the unprecedented inflationary headwinds, the actions that we took in the second half of '21 and the beginning here of '22, I expect will allow us to offset the headwinds and drive sequential improvements in profitability.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Stewart Glendinning: Morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Donnie and Noelle, I'd like to get your thoughts on this. As you're taking a lot more pricing in Prepared and across the rest of the portfolio, just what are you seeing from a consumer perspective in terms of trade down? Is our elasticity still kind of holding or I should say, holding at an inelastic level or are you starting to see just some of that roll through? And how do you think about the end of '22 as prices continue to go up?
Noelle O’mara: Let me take that. Demand continues to be strong across the portfolio on both retail and food service. We're pleased with the market performance we're seeing despite the price increases. Elasticity has been less than historical models would've predicted. We're seeing penetration in buy-rate increases versus pre - COVID, levels across categories, as Donnie referenced. We've had our 13th consecutive quarter of share growth, but we'll continue to learn and adapt as more landscape as all.
Peter Galbo: That's helpful. Thank you. And then Donnie, in terms of the productivity plan and the CapEx, is there a way for us to think about it? You used some helpful detail on the slides, but just to think about it by segment?
Donnie King: Well, let me start. Peter was saying, it applies to all segments and the first part of the program has to do with operational and functional excellence. And quite frankly, that is really doing our jobs better, taking out ways to removing bureaucracy. And that's primarily targeted against our finance, human resources, and procurement groups; is executing at a much higher level. There's another component that is digital solutions and that's about $250 million in recurring savings. That's more on the operational side, that supply chain planning, logistics, and warehousing, so you can think of that in that bucket, and that's across all businesses. In fact, the first 2 are across all businesses. And then third, automation, leveraging robotics and technology and we're spending a significant portion of the $2 billion in capital that we're spending. A disproportionate amount of that is going against capacity expansion in these 12 plants that we talked about over the next 3 years. But, in addition to that, it's to put automation and technology and to eliminate difficult, higher turnover jobs. Take, for example, debone automation, whether it be for the white meat or dark meat. Think about in terms of material handling and you would see more of that in our Prepared Foods group. And then you've got -- if we think about outside the U.S. then we just have a -- I'd say a plethora of automation and technology, and a digital footprint as we build those plants up outside of the U.S.
Operator: The next question will come from a Anoori Naughton with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anoori Naughton: Hi. Good morning. We wanted to get some additional color on some of the chicken initiatives you discussed. You talked about optimization efforts increasing the harvest capacity by 10 %. Over what time-frame are you thinking you'll be able to achieve that level of capacity expansion? And does the run rate EBITDA margin of 5 % to 7 % already contemplate that higher fixed cost leverage from these efforts?
Donnie King: Great question. Let me -- I'll start out and then give you some very top-line stuff and I'll flip it over to David Bray who leads our Poultry group. Think of this in terms of the 5 % to 7 % being a waypoint and we've communicated that we think by the middle part of '22 that that's where we will be. That's not the goal, that's the waypoint, and we backed into that. But if you think about those building blocks that are necessary to get there and beyond, it's really starting with volume. And we've talked a lot about the hatch issue that we've had in the male and as we move into '22, we're already seeing great results. Remember this male that we put in is not new to the world, it's 1 we've used and delivered great results for years, so we have a great deal of confidence in that. But it's also efficiency, it's about running a plant at capacity and not having to go to the outside to buy as much boneless or skinless breast meat as we have in '21. And then labor, I mean, I mentioned earlier that we're back to near complete staffing and we're seeing some really, really good result from that. And our team is excited in terms of just the efficiency and improvement we've seen since completing our vaccine mandate on November 1st. But this comes down to execution story and volume is absolutely critical to getting us to the waypoint of 5 to 7, but also in terms of taking us into the future. And with that, let me flip it over to David. He may add a little more color to that.
David Bray: Yes, just a little bit of color, Donnie. Thank you very much for the opportunity. And again, I think it is critical for us to state that volume is a critical pillar for that. But we also have a very structured success program that we built across our organization where we're focused on being the most sought-after place to work, where we're focused on servicing our customer, growing our optimal products and brands, and performing with the best. Hatch is a component of that and again we are seeing sequential week-over-week improvement and feel good about the plan that we have in place relative to the hatch. We are also working on other imperatives within our business and a lot of this really began within the Q4 timeframe. We're increasing our investment in dark meat debone capacity. There was also significant price investment -- or improvement that we realized within the quarter. And ultimately, we're optimizing our plant efficiency ahead of our increased harvest. Improvements are coming from price, mix, volume, spend, and labor. In short, we are driving operational excellence across our poultry segment and we are aligned on that plan. I will tell you we have the right plan and we have the right people to make sure that we execute on the fundamentals of our business.
Operator: The next question will come from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Noelle O’mara: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask, first of all, about the labor cost implications for the longer-term. You're obviously spending up, presumably raising wage rates, and so on. How much do you expect the entire labor cost to be above pre -pandemic level once all the dust has settled? And then I have a follow-up.
Donnie King: Thank you for the question. I would tell you that as we stated, we have to win with team members. We have to be the most sought after place to work, and we've done a number of things already to try to do that. It's the recognition that the workforce today, they have many options and there are a few people chasing the number of jobs that are actually out there. And so as we've talked internally, we're not trying to talk the labor problem for America, we're trying to solve it for Tyson Foods. And we want to give people an option. We want to give them a better option. And we think the key to the staffing plants, but more importantly, being able to serve it's customers and execute at high-level, absolutely starts with people. So the $24 an hour includes a number of things, but it's the benefits that go with that. We've had to enhance a number of those things, do things like scheduling different. Differences meaning multiple shifts or being very creative at each location. Childcare is a component of that. We've experimented with on-site health clinic, is another we've experimented with but we're trying to be creative and trying to make sure that we're positioned well, to have a place people want to come to work. And we see that as being critical to our future success. And so that's what we're doing, $24 an hour. I will tell you that's maybe leading in the marketplace, but it's also a competitive wage, and so we want to be on the lean side of that. And so that is our intent, that's how you can think about it as we think about labor going forward. We see that as the cost of inflation and the cost of labor going forward.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And just as you look out to fiscal '22, what do you see as the biggest uncertainties and risks this year? It sounds that you're fairly confident in the checking margin recovery; but across the business, what do you see is the biggest uncertainties from distance back to today.
Donnie King: Sure. I would tell you that in all my years of being in this business, there are always rifts that come up. The one thing I am certain of is as we get into '22, we will -- there's going to be something happen, we hadn't anticipated. If you go back to this time a year ago, we thought we had a pretty solid plan around in poultry around grain pricing, or pricing relative to grain. And then we saw a tremendous increase in the cost of grain and we were sitting with a fixed pricing on so much. So, those type of things happen, but I can tell you and why we're excited, is that we've adjusted our pricing model. And so that we the derisk it, not only for us, but also for our customers. So that when there is inflation, then we are in a position. We can adjust pricing with those customers and our relationships with them are really second to none and these have been really good conversations. It's been a win-win approach in these conversations and we're proud of that. And it starts with that relationship with the customer. So we've moved and derisked our model relative to pricing and inflation and that, we believe, puts us in a better position. In terms of the labor, I don't know how to anticipate a new COVID variant or something that the vaccine might not protect against, but I can tell you that we took a bold action to do everything we knew to do to protect team members, and we saw it as an investment and a derisking of our business just by having a vaccinated workforce. And so we believe that's 1 less thing we'll have to deal with this year. That's 1 less thing we're seeing in terms of complexity to our business.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Stewart Glendinning: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Morning. So maybe just a bit of a clarification question on the guidance as we think about what's embedded in the segment margin assumptions. Can you help us think, at the total Company level, what level of non-raw material inflation is assumed for things around logistics and labor, and packaging too in there? And as well, what is assumed on a year-on-year basis for feed costs in the Chicken segment?
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam. I'll start with it and I'll pass it over to Stewart. He can cover, maybe, in greater detail on some of those non-grain. We've positioned ourselves from a Poultry perspective as well as from a Prepared Foods perspective so that we can respond to inflation; whether it be grain, labor, transportation, warehousing costs which are the biggest ones. Packaging, and ingredients have all gone up in price as well. In fact, I would -- it might be easier for me to tell you what hasn't -- say, what component hasn't seen inflation in this past year. But we think we've got our model positioned to adjust for that; around pricing and responsiveness, and we don't expect customers to pay for our inefficiencies. But we'd like to think that we have relationships with customers that allow us to be able to take to them part -- inflation that we see in the marketplace and be able to pass that on ultimately to the consumer. So that's the way we've thought about our model. That's how we've adjusted our model. And it's been a year along, really. A year-long event doing that. And we're in a pretty good place right now. With respect to chicken, I think based on today's current level of inflation, we have currently caught up with that inflation with pricing across the Chicken segment. We're putting that pricing in place in Prepared Foods, and of course, our commodity businesses of Beef and Pork, those respond more rapidly to inflation. And so those are working as designed as well. Stewart, would you like to add any color to that?
Stewart Glendinning: Sure, Donnie. Adam, just a couple of points to make here. So first of all, we had a question early on about the savings. That's the $300 to $400 million that's coming through as a benefit in the year. We shared with you that obviously volume is increasing, so you're going to see some increase from volume. And of course, we're continuing to pass through price and have the benefit of some mix. When you look at the top-line of the business, though, keep in mind and actually look at the costs, keep in mind the guidance around Beef, which is lower than last year, right? And for Beef, you should expect to see both crowd-out ball and you should expect to see the cattle cost increase and that's going to be part of it. A couple of other things to keep in mind, there are ingredient costs that are outside of grains. Things like cooking oils, you've seen the price of oils have increased. Distribution is up. And we've had 13 strong quarters of share gain in our Prepared Foods business. And that business will likely invest money behind our brands this year to make sure that kind of momentum continues. So that probably will run through the big guidance.
Adam Samuelson: All right, that's really helpful. And then on the productivity, you talked about -- look, it's a bit more of a gross productivity action where you hope to capture as much as you can to the bottom-line or you choose to re-invest, but can you help frame how the scope of the spend that productivity is going after. Obviously, it wouldn't have that much impact on some of the direct raw materials in terms of the feed ingredients, or cattle, or hog that you buy. What's the right denominator to think about the scope of the savings? [Indiscernible] over a couple of years.
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah, it's complicated in our business costs because you've got all the commodity, meat inputs, so you either pull those off, but I don't know that I've got a great number to put to you to get that. What I would go back to is your starting point, which is -- that you -- we hope that this drops. Our initial -- not-a-hook strategy, actually. We have a very strong game plan, here to drive these costs to the bottom line. And they're part of our equation for next year. And you'll see that and that's part of our guidance. The shape of next year looks good. Prepared Foods and Chicken, both showing improvement, strong improvement from the fourth quarter. Beef still expecting a very strong year despite lower numbers than we had this year. So I think the shape of things looks good. Those savings are embedded in the forecast that I've given.
Donnie King: Stewart, if I may answer or add one more thing to that. These -- every one of these savings that we've talked about over the next 3 years, we have a program management office, and we track that to the bottom line. We have built that into our '22 plan and if you look at the out years of '23 and '24, we've also built that into operating income. We did not count it unless we could show it hitting the operating income line of the business. This is -- we did -- we've done our work here to make sure this was not a sleight of hand, but a true delivering of results. And more importantly, delivering of a much, much better process all the way around.
Adam Samuelson: I appreciate all that color. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Zaslow with Bank of America, Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, everyone.
Stewart Glendinning: Morning, Ken.
Donnie King: Good morning, Ken.
Noelle O’mara: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: Just have a couple of jobs apparently, Bank of America, Bank of Montreal, but a couple of questions. You said you cover ed -- you actually covered costs with pricing on the Chicken business as of now. Help me understand. So does that mean that the issues right now are really operational issues? And then as you move into the new year, you're going to price on top of that as your pricing contracts come to anniversary? Is that how to think about it or did I misunderstand?
Donnie King: I think it -- Ken, thanks. I think it's probably more of a point in time. My comment was, as of today, we have our pricing at a point where it covers the cost of inflation. We've also had, during the most recent quarter, we've had issues with the labor availability and inefficiencies associated with that but we're now staffed. I've mentioned that in terms of a go-forward position. We will be fully staffed and, again, I'm speaking of Chicken here, but we will be fully staffed, we'll be far more efficient. David and his team are laser focused on the executional excellence in the business, and we're seeing great progress in there. And Noelle and her team have prepared to doing exactly the same thing. So we're optimistic going forward. We believe the worst is behind us and we're excited about what we're seeing in our Q1 and what we'll see for the year. It's very much in line with what we project.
Ken Zaslow: So just to understand that, what is for the next year or 2 is really in your control as you align more with industry on the pricing and the cost structure -- on the cost, not the cost structure, but more right now, it is internal improvements that will drive the next year or 2 versus you are now relatively capturing what the market is giving to you on the pricing versus the cost side. Is that a fair assessment?
Donnie King: It's fair and largely accurate. Of the all thing I would add about that is in some of the more branded part of the portfolio, there's typically a lag between inflation and it's point we're able to get pricing, and we're looking constantly at ways to try to shorten that cycle with our customers. So think of that as being the differentiator there. But I would tell you much of what we have to do and the way we structured our model, executional excellence, and our call that out specifically in the script, it will be a top of mind to all of us across all businesses and functions at Tyson.
Ken Zaslow: If I could squeeze in 1 more and then I'll leave it there.
Donnie King: Sure.
Ken Zaslow: When you put in the capital spending that you're doing, and I know we all have to think about 2022, but when we think about 2023, 2024; what do you think the returns on that would be? And does that enhance either the stability of your model or the growth algorithm of your model as you are now deploying enough capital that it's almost like an acquisition, right? You're not actually making acquisition, but you're putting enough capital there, there should be a return on that, that may be something changes in 2023, 2024. And I will leave it there and I appreciate your time.
Donnie King: I will start with that. And Stewart may want to add something to it, but the spend that we have, the return on that invested capital, we certainly understand that we've had a few issues in delivering that over the past; but I will tell you that return on invested capital is a part of the entire leadership team's scorecard. So we're approving those dollars as spend against a demand that is known and a return that is that is known. And so we feel very confident about the returns on those businesses and we're not concerned about the fact that we're going to get a really, really good return on that investment. In fact, we think it, versus other options, is a much better return; but it's still ours to ultimately still have to execute.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, just a couple of things. So first of all, we're targeting double-digit returns, and let us shape via the guidance as we move forward, so you get the timing of that right; but, I mean, we have strong returns here. In terms of the algorithm, it's going to do 2 things for us: first of all, it's bringing some of the savings, we're talking about in $300 to $400 million. It is providing a better and safer workplace for our team members. And let's not forget that there's going to be considerable expansion of capacity here, particularly in the international business on a percentage basis, so that is going to procure that future growth. We feel great about it, the numbers are big; but 1 thing about internal CapEx, you know exactly where you're putting the money. You know exactly what you're getting for.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it, guys. Take care.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Donnie King for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Donnie King: Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking again soon and hope to hear from you at our Investor Day on December 9th. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-08-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Tyson Foods third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star followed by zero.  After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star and then one using a touchtone telephone. To withdraw your question, you may press star and two. Please also note that today’s event is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference call over to Megan Britt, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma’am, please go ahead.
Megan Britt: Hello and welcome to the third quarter of fiscal 2021 earnings conference call for Tyson Foods. On the call today are Donnie King, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stewart Glendinning, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments and these are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on Slide 2 as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections.  Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. I’ll now turn the call over to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thank you Megan.  As many of you know, I’ve been a Tyson team member for close to four decades, and in that time I’ve led every business segment. We’ve always believed in our mission and the vision of John W. Tyson, who founded this company nearly a century ago because he wanted to find a better way to feed a growing country. Today on my first earnings call as CEO, I am incredibly proud to stand alongside our team members to continue that legacy. It’s an interesting time to be in this industry and we have a leadership team that together can capitalize on the strengths of this company and the opportunities ahead.  Let’s begin with a view of our overall performance this quarter. First, our retail performance - 12 consecutive quarters of retail share gains in our core business line is driven by strength of our brands along with solid execution from our team. We are in a market that has demonstrated strong demand for protein and people are reaching most for brands they trust. Our billion-dollar brands - Tyson, Jimmy Dean and Hillshire Farms have driven strong share growth with consumers buying more than ever before.  Second, we saw in the third quarter growing volume in food service channels as reopening and recovery continues. We saw uptick from outlets nationwide reflected in our sales, which we were up $1.3 billion for the quarter. Our broad production and distribution network is well positioned to meet this growing demand.  Third, the diversity of our portfolio demonstrated its value during the quarter. Led by beef, we delivered an exceptional result as strong U.S. and export demand coupled with ample cattle supply supported elevated margins in that business.  Fourth, we continue to build financial strength. This quarter, we used higher operating cash flow to reduce debt. The steps we’ve taken position us with a very strong balance sheet and high levels of liquidity. Finally, we are investing in future growth across our portfolio. We’re in the process of bringing 12 new plants online globally to address capacity constraints and growing demand.  In all, Tyson delivered a strong quarter. As we look to the future, we want to build on these strengths. Let’s look at how we plan to do that. First, we have built a solid footing to drive consistent results. Our strengths include a diverse portfolio, well known, trusted brands, scale in meaningful markets, and an exceptionally strong balance sheet.  Second, labor is our number one challenge, so we have continued our focus on improving our team member experience without compromising their health and safety. We are accelerating efforts to make Tyson the most sought after place to work because we know how important team members are to our business. One of the ways we’re doing this is to accelerate our investments in automation and technology. This not only helps us to eliminate more difficult, hard to fill tasks, but also re-skills our labor profile to enable their contributions to more value-added activities. Third, we are actively working to recover volume from pandemic lows and in doing so improve the reliability we offer our customers. Dynamic and evolving channel demand continues to create operational complexity. We took steps earlier this year to make our organization more responsive to demand signals and to accelerate our speed to market by getting our sales teams closer to their customers. There is more to do, however, and so our work here continues. Fourth, our focus on operational excellence and disciplined cost management is especially important during periods of continued market volatility and increasing inflationary pressures. As you will hear today, we continue to be laser focused in making progress in restoring the competitiveness of our chicken segment. We are also accelerating actions across our enterprise to become more operationally excellent. Finally, we will continue to optimize our balance sheet which will give us optionality as we prioritize the delivery of shareholder value.  Turning to Slide 5, we improved our sales and earnings performance this quarter. The results demonstrate the benefit of our multi-protein, multi-channel portfolio. Sales improved 25% in third quarter and 8% year to date, reflecting the improved volumes which are up 10% for the quarter and flat year-to-date. It also reflects effective pricing strategies in all of our segments during this inflationary environment.  We delivered strong operating earnings performance resulting in approximately $1.4 billion in operating income for the quarter. This represents an 81% increase compared to prior year and translates to $2.70 in earnings per share. Our earnings reflect our three key priorities: one, to be the go-to supplier for customers and consumers; two, to be the most sought after place to work; and three, to be operationally excellent.  We want to be the most sought after place to work. This starts with an unrelenting focus on safety every minute, every shift, every day. Health and safety have been and will continue to be our top priority. We have a history of using all the tools at our disposal to protect our team members, and the vaccine is no different. As many of you will have seen, last week we announced that Tyson will require COVID-19 vaccinations for our entire U.S. workforce by November 1. We do this now because the delta variant is more contagious and getting vaccinated is the single most effective thing people can do to protect themselves, their families and their communities. We have raised wages in many markets to ensure we’re competitive and are exploring other ways to make Tyson the most sought after place to work in the communities where we operate. For example, we are piloting childcare facilities at some of our plants and we have opened medical clinics to make healthcare more accessible to team members and their families. Finally, we are accelerating investments in automation and advanced technologies to make the team members’ jobs easier. We look forward to providing more detail on our automation and technology road map at our upcoming investor day. We’re taking aggressive actions to add new capacity to meet demand, adjust our product mix by plant, and match our portfolio more closely with customer and consumer needs. We are listening to our customers and are committed to improving reliability of supply.  In the third quarter, we improved volume levels across all segments. In prepared foods, we continued to optimize our product portfolio, remove processing and supply chain complexity, and prioritize products with the highest demand, resulting in lower cost and better service to our customers. In beef, ample cattle supply, heavier animal weights and strong demand have driven volumes higher year to date. In pork, our volumes are up year to date versus pandemic lows. We are pleased to have additional capacity coming online at Eagle Mountain, Utah and Columbia, South Carolina. Both facilities are expected to grow our prepackaged beef and pork products. In chicken, volume declined year to date despite improved food service demand led by QSRs. We also saw sustained retail demand, including the frozen value-added poultry category. Limited capacity and persistent labor challenges have impacted customer fill rates in this segment; however, our new plant in Humboldt, Tennessee continues to ramp up production, including harvest capacity. This ramp-up is helping us improve customer fill rates. Chicken remains a top priority for me and for our company. We continue to execute against our road map to bring operating income margin to at least the 5% to 7% range by mid fiscal ’22. Our goal has not changed and we remain committed to restoring top tier performance. We are making progress. The first imperative is to be the most sought after place to work. I’ve outlined the investments we’re making to enhance our team member experience in my earlier comments.  The second imperative is to improve operational performance. Last quarter, we highlighted the impact of lower hatch rates on our chicken operations. We have begun to deploy new male parent stock. Where this stock has been deployed, hatch rates are improving. We expect the full roll-out of this breeder stock to be complete this fall with harvest capacity improvements occurring by mid fiscal ’22.  Our rate of outside meat purchases has declined 25% versus last quarter and will continue to decline as hatch rates and utilization improve. We have identified opportunities to reduce mix complexity across our chicken footprint, which will help us operate more efficiently. The final imperative is to service our customers on time and in full. We’re pleased by the continued share performance of our value-added products like Tyson chicken nuggets, crispy strips and air fried. We gained share during the third quarter and the last 52 weeks. Looking ahead, we expect further growth and as a result, we’re investing in line upgrades and increased capacity to drive branded product growth.  We have increased prices to help offset significant raw material and supply chain cost inflation. Pricing improved nearly 16% in the quarter versus the comparable period last year. We will staff our plants, service our customers, grow our business, and be the best chicken company, period. Part of being customer-centric means being as efficient as possible in taking costs out where you can without compromising our ability to execute against our strategic and operational priorities. We have ongoing efforts across the business to reduce costs, but we must also find new, innovative ways to be better and stronger. This means investing in advances like automation and artificial intelligence to deliver productivity gains and competitive advantage. We have already delivered strong productivity gains in fiscal year ’21. Across our business, we are looking to build upon the strength of those actions in the months and years to come, which we will detail at the investor day later this year. These improvements come at a time when we are investing heavily in capacity expansions across segments to better with our partners and meet long term demand.  I’ll now turn the call over to Stewart to walk us through our financial results in detail.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you Donnie. Let me turn first to a summary of our total company financial results. Sales were up approximately 25% in the third quarter. Volumes were up 9.7% primarily due to strength in retail and the ongoing food service recovery. Average sales price was also up about 17% largely due to strong results in our beef segment, the mix benefit from retail volume, and the partial recovery of raw material inflation in net sales price.  Operating income was up 81% in the third quarter due to continued strong performance in our beef business. Chicken and prepared foods also improved their respective segment earnings, while pork earnings were down versus the comparable period a year ago.  Year to date operating income for the total company improved by 49%. Earnings per share grew 93% in the third quarter due largely to strength in operating income, specifically within our beef segment. EPS was up 61% on a year-to-date basis. We performed well despite a challenging operating environment that spanned tough labor availability, significant inflationary pressures on raw material costs, global supply chain challenges, and an evolving demand backdrop.  Slide 11 bridges our total company sales on a year-to-date basis. We delivered growth in the retail channel along all reporting segments which, in aggregate, accounted for more than $1 billion in sales improvement over the year-to-date period and more than $300 million in the third quarter versus the respective comparable periods.  Moving to food service, sales improved by approximately $1.3 billion in the third quarter, leading to a year-to-date improvement for the channel of nearly $1 billion compared to the same period last year. Exports were up over 18% versus the comparable period, led by beef where sales improved by more than $350 million on a year-to-date basis. Asia has been a key driver of beef export strength. We’ve also seen some strength in industrial, particularly in beef and pork, and finally year-to-date sales grew $79 million or approximately 6% in our international business. This business is a growth priority for Tyson and we continue to invest to develop further capacities and capabilities in new markets to meet growing global consumer demand for protein products. Current capacity expansions across seven international locations are expected to dramatically increase our fully cooked production capabilities. These investments are fully aligned to our strategic growth priorities and when complete will enhance our international processing capacity by close to 30% versus fiscal 2020. Overall, we’re pleased with the company’s top line growth year to date. We are carefully managing the current inflationary pressures through pricing actions as well as commercial and operational excellence with emphasis on productivity and cost. We know that our price recovery efforts relative to inflation must be matched by equal aggressiveness on productivity.  Slide 12 bridges year-to-date operating income. Production inefficiencies and low labor availability resulted in total company volumes roughly flat to the comparable period a year ago; however, we are encouraged by the volume improvement we are seeing across our segments in the third quarter. Price mix benefited substantially in the year-to-date period from price recovery of raw material cost inflation, improved mix, strong beef segment performance, and continued retail strength across segments.  Operating income was partially offset by $2.2 billion in increased cost of goods sold for the period, reflecting meaningful inflation in raw material and supply chain costs. Feed ingredients, labor, packaging and freight are all key components of this COGS increase, which we’re working to mitigate.  On a comparative basis, SG&A benefited from the $56 million loss in the year-to-date fiscal 2020 period as compared to a $55 million gain in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, associated with the cattle supplier incident. This was in addition to certain reductions in trade spend and travel costs.  Moving into the chicken segment results, sales were $3.5 billion for the third quarter, up 12%. Volumes were also up in the quarter due to continued strength in retail, improving demand through food service and segment-wide operational improvements. These were partially offset by COVID-related production inefficiencies.  Average sales price was up 15% in the quarter due to favorable mix, sustained retail volume, and strong supply and demand fundamentals. Our reported price improvement also reflects actions we took to cover the inflationary pressures seen from higher grain, labor, and freight costs. Our conversations with customers on widespread inflationary pressures have been productive and we’ll continue to partner with customers to ensure we receive a fair return on our products while working to deliver service levels and fill rates that meet or exceed their expectations. Operating income was $27 million in the third quarter and $137 million on a fiscal year-to-date basis, both stronger than comparable periods a year ago. This represents an operating margin of 1.3% year to date. Fiscal year-to-date operating income was negatively impacted by $410 million of higher feed ingredient costs as well as $210 million of increased grow-out expenses and outside meat purchases. For the third quarter, feed ingredients were $270 million higher while grow-out expenses and outside meat purchases were $110 million higher. Segment performance also reflects net derivative gains during the third quarter of $125 million and $235 million on a year-to-date basis, both versus the respective comparable periods. These results are associated with realized gains as well as open positions.  Moving now to prepared foods, sales were $2.3 billion for the quarter, up 14% relative to the same period last year. Total volume was up 4.5% in the quarter with strength in the retail channel and continued recovery in food service. Sales growth outpaced volume growth driven by the pass-through of raw material costs, lower commercial spending, and better sales mix.  Segment operating income was $150 million for the quarter, up over 3% versus the prior year. Year-to-date operating income was $633 million, up 23% versus the prior year period. Operating margins for the segment were 6.5% for the third quarter, a decline of 60 basis points versus the comparable year-ago period. The slow-down in segment operating margins versus the same quarter last year were driven by significant increases in raw material input costs; however, on a year-to-date basis, our operating margin of 9.6% was up 170 basis points versus last year, driven by favorable pricing and lower commercial spend. Demand for the balance of the year is expected to remain elevated at retail with volumes continuing to exceed pre-COVID levels and food service continuing to recover. During the third quarter, core business lines experienced volume share growth of 90 basis points while dollar share grew 70 basis points. We continue to believe that the ongoing inflationary environment will create a meaningful headwind for prepared foods in the upcoming quarter. Raw material costs, logistics, ingredients, packaging and labor are all challenging our cost of production. To offset inflationary pressure, we’re focused on pricing, revenue management, and commercial spend optimization while ensuring the continued build of brand equity through marketing and trade support.  Moving to the beef segment, segment sales were over $4.9 billion for the quarter, up 36% versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers included strong domestic and export demand for beef products with average sales price up 12% for the quarter. We had ample livestock available in the quarter driven by strong front-end supplies. Mounting drought conditions in the western United States cattle growing region as well as elevated costs for grain also drove some cattle supply liquidation. We have good visibility into cattle availability through fiscal ’22 and currently believe it will also be sufficient to support our customer needs.  Sales volume for the quarter was up year-over-year due to continued strong demand in contrast to a soft comparable period a year ago, driven by lower production volumes. We delivered segment operating income of $1.1 billion for the quarter. This improvement was driven by strong global demand for beef products and a higher cut-out. This was partially offset by higher operating costs.  Operating margins for the segment improved 520 basis points to 22.6% for the third quarter. While our beef segment experienced tremendous results on a year-to-date basis, we’re still not at optimal levels of capacity throughput within our beef plants due to labor challenges; meanwhile, drought conditions and elevated grain prices are creating incremental costs and risks for cattle producers. Until these conditions stabilize and within the constraints I’ve mentioned, we will work to maximize our beef processing capacity to provide a reliable outlook for our livestock farmers and adequate product supply for customers and consumers. Now let’s move onto the pork segment on Slide 16. Third quarter results reflect higher hog costs and operating expenses that weren’t fully offset through pork cut-out. Segment sales were $1.7 billion for the quarter, up 54% versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers for the segment included higher average sales price due to strong demand partially offset by a challenging labor environment. Average sales price increased more than 39% while volumes were also up relative to the same period last year.  Segment operating income was $67 million for the quarter, down 37% versus the comparable period. Overall operating margins for the segment declined by 570 basis points to 3.9% for the quarter. The operating income decline was driven by higher hog costs and increased labor and freight costs. Through the end of this calendar year, lower projected 2021 pork production and strong consumer demand are expected to support hog prices well above 2020 levels.  Slide 17 captures our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Given the continued strength in our beef segment and ongoing inflationary pressures that are partially being recovered through price, we’re raising our sales guidance for the full year. We now expect to deliver annual revenues in the range of $46 billion to $47 billion. At the segment level, we expect our directional annual guidance to hold. Key risks to this guidance include freight rates, labor cost and availability, grain costs in the chicken segment, raw material costs for each of our businesses, and continued export market strength along with price volatility in commodity meats.  We’re slightly revising our outlook on effective tax rate to approximately 22.5%. We’ll continue to monitor the potential implications of new legislation, but we do not currently expect to see impacts to our adjusted rate this fiscal year.  While our expectations related to liquidity are also unchanged, liquidity during the third quarter improved substantially to $3.4 billion and has since benefited from $1.2 billion of pre-tax proceeds from the divestiture of our pet treats business in early July.  Finally, we expect our COVID-related costs, which totaled $55 million in the quarter, to be approximately $325 million for the year. As a reminder, some of the costs that were previously described as COVID-related have evolved to become structural.  Turning to Slide 18, in pursuit of our priority to build financial strength and flexibility, we have substantially de-levered our business over the past 12 months, reducing leverage to 1.7 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Investing organically in our business will continue to be an important priority and will help Tyson increase production capacity and market capabilities. Each of these levers individually and in aggregate will support strong return generation for our shareholders. We will also continue to explore paths to optimize our portfolio through M&A through the lens of value creation and shareholder return.  Finally, we are committed to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. In short, we view the cash generation capabilities of this business as both strong and diverse, and we expect our capital allocation framework to deliver solid returns for our shareholders in the future. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Donnie.
Donnie King: Thanks Stewart. To close, our priorities are clear: being the most sought after place to work, being our customers’ go-to supplier, and doing so while driving operational and functional excellence across all areas of our business. There’s a lot to be excited about. We look forward to discussing where we’re headed during our upcoming investor day and hope you can join us. Thank you for your interest today in Tyson Foods. Megan?
Megan Britt: Thanks Donnie. We’ll now move to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A.  Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question today comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Stewart Glendinning: Morning Peter.
Peter Galbo: Donnie, maybe if we could just start reiterating the back half ’22 chicken outlook of 5% to 7%. Based on your prepared comments, a lot of things are starting to move slowly but in the right direction, so I guess the question is what prevents that from getting pulled forward a bit? Is it just that these hatch related issues just take much more time, the automation doesn’t kick in until later into ’22, or does something else change incrementally, and maybe really around the labor picture, has it gotten worse since the last time we spoke?
Donnie King: Thanks for that question, Peter. Let me start with this - as we look forward, the fundamentals of our business look good going forward. We have strong retail and food service demand. We haven’t changed our approach - chicken is our top priority for me and for our company. We continue to execute our plan, that hasn’t changed, and that starts with staffing our plants and servicing our customers, and we have to be the most competitive chicken business, but we also want to grow the business. We are committed to top tier performance. We’re committed to the 5% to 7% AOI by mid-FY22 that we talked about earlier, and we’re committed to becoming the most sought after place to work, and we talked a lot about that in the prepare remarks. We’ve increased wages, and this includes a benefit up to $22 an hour. We’ve instituted flexible work schedules and shifts. We’re piloting childcare and onsite health clinics for our team members and their families. We’re solving transportation problems for our team members. We’re investing heavily in automation and technology and trying to automate those most difficult and higher turnover jobs.  I talked last time, just so you can understand the basis of this, the seven levers of our business in chicken are price, volume, mix, labor, [indiscernible] in live, and so let me touch on each of those for a moment. In our live operations, the plan to improve hatch is well underway. The new males will be in place by this fall, as we talked about 2Q. We will see harvest capacity increase by mid-fiscal ’22, so here is kind of the formula, that better hatch equals more birds, which equals more volume which equals better service which equals a better cost structure, which equals better performance and ultimately better results for us. But until then, to your point and your question, we are improving hatch and harvest volumes now. Even with these headwinds, we are better than an average company by a sizeable margin in our live production area, and we’ll get sequentially better between now and mid-’22.  If I look at spend, we talked a lot last time about outside purchases, and Stewart mentioned earlier that we decreased that by 25%, although at a higher price. The thing that is challenging now is we’re paying a lot of overtime because of the inefficiency associated with labor, which is absenteeism and turnover. We’ve had inflation on all inputs. We believe grain in our cost of goods will crest in early Q4 - in fact, it has based on the forward-looking curve. This is in our cost of goods. We’ve seen great improvements in our cost management and our execution by our team. Much of that has been masked by inflation. Then go to labor - labor is our single biggest issue we face, not only in chicken but also in our other businesses. We’ve increased wages and created flexible shifts and childcare onsite clinics. The delta variant has been a disruptor - we were on a good trajectory and then the delta variant showed up, and we’ve taken a step back as a result of that. We’ve got plans to mitigate that, but the health and safety of our team members is our highest priority. We are more inefficient than we have historically been, certainly a big part of what we have to solve, but essentially it takes us six days to get five days’ worth of work. I will tell you that execution has improved sequentially through the year.  Our volumes’ up in the quarter. [Indiscernible] as our finished good sales. Volume is negatively impacted by harvesting below plan, which we’ve talked about, as a result of hatch. We started this year with a plan to grow the business and grow our head and grow our sales, but our by-product and export sales are our biggest misses from a volume perspective. We will see volume increase between now and mid-’22 - that’s in hatch, that’s in head harvest, and that’s in volume to our plants.  From a mix standpoint, we’ve added volume. Value-added volume is very strong - that’s ready-to-eat product, that’s par fry product, that’s our frozen value-added branded products. That’s the heart and soul of our business in chicken. We are at capacity with strong retail and food service demand. As Stewart referenced earlier, we’re adding lines and plants to address very strong demand.  Our pricing is up 16% in the quarter. Most of this increase came in June and even more in July. We worked with our customers and they’ve been very responsive. Our relationships are very strong with our customers. We’ve been successful in getting pricing. Grain also at the same time has continued to escalate and pricing will certainly lag the cost in this scenario. We’re just simply asking for fair market value for these products. Long story short, we are executing better, we are performing better. We have a great deal of inflation led by grain, but we’ve gotten pricing around and so as we move into every month and quarter from here, I would expect us to be sequentially better, and that 5% to 7% that we talked about by mid-’22, we’re committed to that and we stand with that number.
Peter Galbo: Great, thanks Donnie. That’s very helpful, just all of the detail there. For the follow-up question, Stewart, I guess what’s changed in your prepared comments around prepared foods? Last quarter, I think you had talked about the inflation coming through, maybe it’s accelerated a bit, but that you’d be turning on that spending in the back half of the year, and maybe that wasn’t the case in 3Q and more so in 4Q, so is there just a change there and maybe when can we expect that to start to flow through more? Thanks.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, thanks. We did turn that on Q3 - it was one of the downward levers as we had to dial back in, in the retail space, so it’s already running through the numbers. It’s earlier in the year where you saw the benefit, and the back half of the year you’re going to see the increases, and that’s part of what’s in our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead with your questions.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning guys.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: Just a quick follow-up. You know, the parent stock that’s being rolled out fairly quickly, which is actually positive, can you talk about how confident you are that it will take and that there will not be any issues, that the hatch rates and the productivity will be in line with your expectations, and if there are any risks in how you see it? That’s my first question.
Donnie King: Sure, thanks Ken. As you know, we talked about the fact that this would be phased in starting and completing by, let’s call it fall. That work is underway, and we have converted some of the male stock and we’ve seen some results associated with that. Everything we have seen thus far would be in line with what we expected, and we see no reason to expect any disruption from that. From that standpoint, everything looks good. It looks like it’s on track to deliver what the--the timing that we’ve talked about thus far. 
Ken Zaslow: Great. Just to flip to the other side, the beef business, for the last year or so, between COVID and unfortunately your fire, it seems like there’s been a lot of cattle that just hasn’t [indiscernible] as quickly as people may have expected, so although we maybe going through an underlying contraction, there seems to be a lot more cattle out there through probably at least--you know, through the winter, if not through 2022. Would you agree with that, would you kind of put parameters around that? How do you see that? Then as a follow-up to that, the export side with China and Japan, the trade policies, that seems to be--and a shortage of Australian beef, that seems like there’s a duration to the export picture as well. I’ll leave it there, and I appreciate your time.
Donnie King: You bet, Ken. Let me say this, and I think your view of beef, where we had ample cattle supplies and where we had really strong demand, we were constricted in the middle based on labor availability. I talked about this in chicken earlier, but in our beef business it essentially takes us six days to get five days’ worth of work, so the inefficiency associated with that allowed cattle to back up on the ranch and in feed lots. Here’s what we know as we look into ’22. Fed supplies are expected to be down about half a percent, June cattle on feed is projected to be up 1.9%. There has been some herd liquidation in the west and northern plains, which according to Cattlefacts is about 33% of the U.S. cow calf production is in this drought area, but ’22 is looking good. Is it going to be at the same level at which we were--where we are in ’21? Probably not, I don’t think it will be that good. I think it will be better than historical returns, and I’m talking that 1% to 3% which we’ve talked about forever. It’ll be north of that, we think, but we think all in all beef will have a very nice year in ’22.  In terms of exports, to the other part of your question, Asian growth is still solid. U.S. grain fed beef is preferred around the world and, as you mentioned, key global beef suppliers are rebuilding herds in Australia, Brazil and Canada, so all of that is true, so strong export demand for us as well as domestic.
Ken Zaslow: Okay, I appreciate it as always.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Theurer: Thank you very much, good morning Donnie and Stewart. The first question is on what your plans are within the prepared foods business, just more structurally. Clearly we’re seeing how pricing is coming through and impacting your beef and pork results, but that obviously puts a lot of pressure on prepared foods, and you’ve talked about the input cost pressure by the end of the year. So far we’re running at about a 9.5% bridge, but you’ve always talked about this 10% to 12% range, so what is it, what keeps you away from being more aggressive on pricing within the prepared foods business, to really pass on more of that internal inflationary pressure you’re seeing on the ingredients side, just to bring it back to the low teens levels, but I think guidance as well for the year is just below that 10% level. Just to understand what needs to be seen in the market so you’re going to be able to put pricing through.
Donnie King: Yes, that’s a great question, Ben. We’re still very proud of our prepared foods business, and if I look at the detail behind this, demand is expected to remain elevated. Retail orders, for example, are up 30% versus pre-COVID levels. Food service is showing a sequential improvement as well. We have seen accelerating and unprecedented inflation, so what do you do about that? Well, we have significant food service pricing already in the market. Retail pricing will be in the market by September 5. Inflation is up about 14% during our 3Q and 9% year-to-date. We’ve had--just like other businesses, we’ve had labor and absenteeism and turnover in the business, we have a number of open positions, so that certainly has made us inefficient, and so we’ve got aggressive pricing going on. Aggressive revenue management and commercial spend management will help mitigate a portion of these inflationary impacts. We’ll have to get more price, but we’re comfortable that over time that our prepared foods is a double-digit business for us, and it’s just costs are hitting us faster that we can get pricing at this point.
Ben Theurer: Perfect, and then my follow-up question is around the capital allocation. You’ve mentioned M&A would be one of the opportunities. Could you, without obviously going into specifics, but could you explore a little bit of where you think you would have to invest? Is it on the international business, is it investing into new facilities or just acquiring new facilities to sort of broaden the footprint in a certain segment? Just to understand a little bit where your focus would be from an M&A perspective. 
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, this is Stewart, I’ll pick that up. I think in terms of the specifics from M&A, I don’t think we’ve talked to what specific places we’re going to put the money, but let’s just talk about overall our view of capital allocation. First of all, we really feel great about the current position of our balance sheet. Our liquidity was $3.4 billion coming out of the quarter - that was before we took the receipt of the $1.2 billion from pet, and we did repay about $500 million worth of debt subsequent to the end of the quarter, so the balance sheet is very healthy. From an investment standpoint, one of the things that we talked about both in the prepared remarks and in last quarter is that we expect to invest behind our business. We have significant opportunities to invest in expanding our capacity, and I spoke this morning about international, that that will be a growth area for us. The capex that’s going into the international space and new facilities will expand their capacity by 30% when compared to last year - that’s a big deal, and I think when you look at the rest of our business, Donnie spoke this morning about automation, and you’re seeing that both across prepared foods as well as in our chicken business, which will certainly help our labor, it will help our efficiency. Then you look at where we’re putting money in terms of new facilities. Humboldt has gone live, we’ve got a new case-ready facility in Utah that will be coming online shortly, as well as one in South Carolina, so we’ve got a pretty active internal agenda. If something on the outside presents itself that we think makes sense for our investors, then we’ll obviously take a look at that. Hopefully that gives you a flavor for where we’re investing our money.
Ben Theurer: Perfect, thanks Stewart.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I’ve got a couple questions, one on the retail side, Donnie. You said that pricing is having trouble keeping up with the inflation, but you do have an increase coming in September. To what extent does that fully offset all the inflation you’ve seen, or should you need another price increase right after that because it’s an upward sloping curve?
Donnie King: Thanks Robert. What you’ve said--I mean, you quoted everything I said earlier, but with retail with the branded portfolio, it can take a little bit longer to get pricing in. We typically don’t disclose that kind of information about when we’d do it, but here’s generally the way we think about this, is that when raw materials--when inputs go up, pricing has to go up, particularly in an environment where we have such rapid and accelerating inflation. We have little choice but to go and to--we certainly have to be competitive, but we certainly have to get pricing to cover the increase in inputs, and we’re doing that and we’re doing that very methodically. We’re looking at all the metrics around that as we do that, but we’re doing it in a very responsible way. Noelle O’Mara and her team are managing that around the clock.
Robert Moskow: Okay. It sounds like it’s--well, I’m not sure what that means, Donnie. If the inflation that you experienced in the middle of this year is being offset by pricing on September 5, like you say, but it sounds like inflation continues to rise, can I say that that’s a fair statement? 
Stewart Glendinning: Maybe just a couple things. I’m going to just jump in and give you a couple of facts here. Actually if you looked at inflation, the biggest driver for prepared foods as being the input costs of commodities, and of course for prepared foods that mostly is pork, you’ve got that along with the increase in that spend, which I referred to later. In terms of thinking about price, I think what Donnie’s saying is when we think that commodities are going up, or any inputs are going up, we’re going to match that with pricing. That pricing may not follow exactly the track of input inflation, but you also need to think about how that input inflation can move along. When we’ve got labor cost increases which are going into our workforce, you should think about those as more permanent, of course, but you’ve seen these cycles around commodities and you’ll have to take a view of what you think pork, the cost of pork will do over the course of next year. If pork comes off, then that will be a help to us; if pork doesn’t come off, then I think Donnie’s point is that we will continue to take price to match the nature of the cost that’s coming to us.
Robert Moskow: Okay, great. I appreciate it. On food service, obviously continued sequential improvement and then big improvement versus a year ago. How are your customers viewing the next three to six months? Do they view reopening pace continuing to accelerate or are there concerns about the delta variant slowing things down, and to what extent are you back to 2019 levels in terms of food service?
Donnie King: Well food service, from everyone I’ve talked to, based on what we see from a demand perspective is very strong. We’re at or near across all businesses, and some are even above from food service, from let’s call it pre-COVID levels in ’19. I don’t know that anyone fully understands what’s going to happen with the delta variant, and there is certainly some concern about that; but everyone I talk to in food service is optimistic about the future and for their businesses in particular.
Robert Moskow: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks so much. Good morning everybody. 
Stewart Glendinning: Morning Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask about the decision to mandate the COVID vaccines in your facilities, and really from the standpoint of knowing that labor is exceptionally tight, does that create a dynamic where it potentially makes labor more tight or is the net impact of that, you know, it gives you enough certainty around your ability to have continuity in running your facilities that in some ways it kind of [indiscernible] the labor dynamic when you think about trying to get the chicken margins back up and managing your plants at target utilization rates?
Donnie King: Sure, thank you Ben. As we’ve talked a lot, even in our prepared remarks today but they didn’t just start today, the health and safety of our team is our highest priority. If you go back and look even in the beginnings of the pandemic, Tyson did a number of things to protect our team members; in fact, I would tell you we did everything we knew to do to protect our team members, that was our highest priority, to mask mandates to barriers within plants to social distancing to staggering shifts to temperature sensors and health screenings prior to going to work every day. We did everything that we knew to do. With the new vaccine, it’s a new tool. We believe that vaccine is the most effective thing, the most effective tool available today. We’ve studied the data, we’ve researched it to the nth degree, and we’re confident in doing that, and so we mandated that because we thought it would be irresponsible not to do that and irresponsible not to protect our team members in every way that we could.  Now there could be some short term impacts, but I think they certainly will be offset by long term benefit in doing this, so that’s the position that we have taken. It’s out of just an abundance of caution and care for our team members.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thanks for that. My second question is on the chicken business. You talked about the critical path to achieving the margin targets you have for middle of next fiscal year. Could I ask about it from a capacity utilization standpoint? I know you have Humboldt coming online and ramping up to capacity. In the years past, I think your utilization rate has been 89%, 90% or so. When you think about the full year for 2022, is that too high of a water mark to hit on capacity utilization, or should we think about maybe you getting back to that level by the end of fiscal 2022? How should we think about the ramp of getting back to those utilization rates? 
Donnie King: Yes, great question Ben. A couple things with respect to that. When we started fiscal ’21, we had plans in place to increase our harvest head based on capacity utilization, based on demand that we already had, and with the hatch issues, certainly that created a shortfall in terms of head for our business, and then we’d go outside and start buying. As we have changed this male out and we are starting to see results of that, that will ultimately end up in more head for us to harvest, which is exactly our plan to--we already have that product sold, but I would expect as we move into ’22 and beyond, that you’ll see our capacity utilization increase at Tyson from a harvest perspective, and all that will be in service to supporting our value-added branded portfolio.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thanks and best of luck.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson’s line from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question. 
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: I guess my first question is really on that last point, Donnie, around capacity utilization in poultry. I’m just trying to think about how quickly and how far you could push it. If I’m looking the last 10-K based on a five-day week, the poultry business was at an 84% operating rate in fiscal ’20. I’d imagine it probably was leaking lower than that in fiscal ’21 given some of the hatch issues. I’m just trying to just dimensionalize where do we think that’s actually going? You guys are about 20% of the industry, so if there’s a meaningful change in your own internal production and hatch, it starts to have some meaningful impacts at the industry level in terms of available live supply. Any way you could help frame that?
Donnie King: Sure Adam, I think you described it very well and in a lot of ways even answered this. You talked about based on what you saw, that it was 84%. Well, obviously 84% capacity utilization in a protein business is not a good number - we acknowledge that. It certainly has cost implications for your product and in fact can keep you uncompetitive in that space, so we acknowledge that. There is a number of--we need a number of head, you can do the math on how much outside meat we’re purchasing based on volume, and you could probably convert that to head. I mean, one of the things that we could--the quick math would tell you is that being able to run those products through our plants and being able to debone those chickens and go into our further processed assets, and at the same time get credit for all the by-products through the ingredient solution group and then have the ability with our One Tyson approach to being able to sell export leg quarters and paws and so forth, along with just the further processing volume increases that we would get, all of that adds up to a much better cost scenario and a much better performance in our chicken business.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that’s really helpful. Then the follow-up on an unrelated topic, California has their Prop 12 mandate supposedly coming into effect on January 1 and has implications in terms of the pork that’s supplied into the California market. Wondering how, if at all, we should be thinking about the impact of that both to your pork and prepared foods businesses next year.
Donnie King: Yes, great question Adam. As we look at Prop 12, it’s about 4% of total production - that’s not significant for us today. Tyson is currently aligning and incentivizing suppliers where appropriate. We can do multiple programs simultaneously, including Prop 12, so it’s not something we’re excited about but we can align suppliers and we can certainly provide the raw material to service our customers in that way.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, I appreciate the color. I’ll pass it on, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein . Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. 
Donnie King: Good morning Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask first of all about labor costs - they’ve obviously escalating, I think you talked about $22 an hour. I’m just wondering how much of an increase you’re expecting on a permanent basis. I know that right now with overtime and incremental payments, it’s probably higher than the long term level, but I’m just trying to get a sense for how much it’s going up relative to pre-COVID levels.
Donnie King: There is a pretty significant increase and a pretty significant cost increase associated with that, but in a lot of respects the market is doing its job. Based on availability of labor as being in shorter supply, it’s going up and I don’t see any reduction in that. We believe we’re in a good place. We believe we are at the top of the market, if you will, in terms of jobs similar to this. We certainly are very competitive in all the communities where we have assets producing protein, so we’re comfortable with where we are but it certainly has increased.  But in order to get people into your production location, it’s more than just wage. I want to make that clear. We have to do other things, and I outlined a number of those things that we’re doing around childcare, transportation, onsite clinics, providing a safe place to work, flexible shifts and number of shifts in a week. It’s a combination of all those things and doing all those things well, so when you hear us talk about being the most sought after place to work, those are the type of things that we have to do in order to be able to service our customers and grow our business.
Alexia Howard: Great, and as a follow-up, just a quick one, of the $325 million in incremental COVID costs expected this year, you talked about a certain proportion of that becoming permanent. Can you quantify that?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes Alexia, it’s Stewart. First of all, we feel good about COVID sequentially going down $65 million or so in the quarter, so that’s about half. We’ve seen sort a progressive--the progression has sort of been 50%, but we think over the course of the year the structural costs are going to be counted in around $200 million or more. But understand that’s in our run rate, right, so anything that has become structural, you’re already seeing it’s flowing through the numbers. I wouldn’t think about that in terms of all of a sudden that’s going to be added to next year. A lot of that are the labor increases that Donnie was talking to.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful, thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we’ll be concluding today’s question and answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Donnie King for any closing remarks. 
Donnie King: Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you and your families stay healthy and safe, and we’ll look forward to speaking again soon. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we’ll conclude today’s conference call. We do thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-05-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Megan Britt of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Megan Britt: Hello, and welcome to the second quarter fiscal 2021 earnings conference call for Tyson Foods. On the call today are Dean Banks, President and Chief Executive Officer; Donnie King, Group President Poultry & Chief Operating Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments, which are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on slide two, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. Please note that references on earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in our remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Banks: Thank you, Megan. Before we get started, I'd like to welcome Donnie King to the earnings call and congratulate him on his recent promotion to Chief Operating Officer. I would also like to thank our 140,000 team members for their continued efforts and resilience. They are what makes this company an incredible place to work, and I'm proud of their focus on raising the world's expectations for how much good food can do. Earlier today, we released our second quarter results for fiscal 2021. We delivered a solid operating earnings performance recording $739 million in adjusted operating income for the quarter, which represents a 43% increase relative to the same period last year. We delivered $1.34 in adjusted earnings per share, a 68% increase from the same period last year. These results were reinforced by our solid performance in retail, our continuing efforts to ensure the safety of our team members, our partnership with customers to enable recovery and our focused execution to overcome inflationary headwinds. Our results in the quarter reflect our continued focus on team member health and safety. This is our top priority, and I'm proud of the progress that we've made on our comprehensive safety, health and wellness agenda, along with our recent vaccine deployment efforts. We also saw improvement in the foodservice channel during the quarter. We've been working closely with our customers to support foodservice recovery. As consumer demand patterns continue to create operational complexities, we've taken action to make our organization more responsive to demand signals and customer needs to accelerate our speed to market. Agility is increasingly important as we look to extend the gains that we have achieved in the retail channel. We continue to drive retail volume growth across our core business lines, delivering growth in the recent quarter is particularly notable as we are now comparing to a prior quarter that included some benefit from initial COVID-19 pantry loading. As we navigate market volatility and rising inflationary pressures, we're focused on operational excellence and disciplined cost management. Our balance sheet is strong, and we continue to invest in our business. We have prioritized capacity expansion and automation technology investments, and have significantly increased our capital allocated to both of these areas. As an example, our Humboldt production facility in Tennessee has recently commenced operations and our team shipped the first saleable product in late April. To support growth in case-ready beef and pork, we were also excited for the reopening of our Columbia South Carolina plant, as well as the grand opening of our Eagle Mountain, Utah plant, both occurring later this year. We are expanding capacity in our international operations and have six sites where new capacity is currently under construction, positioning our international business for continued growth and profitability in the future. As we look at the balance of the year, we realized that we have a challenging second half ahead as inflationary pressure has continued to build. We also have several price spots, notably our performance in the retail channel and the continued strength in our Beef segment. Looking past the inflationary headwinds that are impacting our input costs, I'm confident that our team is executing on the right priorities to meet our commitments and drive shareholder value creation. Turning to Slide 4. Team member health and safety is and will continue to be our top priority. Through our partnership with Matrix Medical and our local communities, over 42,000 of our team members have been vaccinated since February. As of today, we've offered onsite vaccination clinics at over 100 locations in more than 30 states. We've also launched a pilot project to enhance health and wellness of our team members. This involves the opening of seven clinics that will enable team members and their families to receive easier access to high-quality healthcare services. Our first facility opened recently in Newbern, Tennessee. Turning now to Slide 5. Our total Tyson and Core Business Lines have posted 11 consecutive quarters of volume and share growth. Notably, our team delivered volume growth in Q2, despite the unusually strong demand associated with pantry loading that occurred during the comparable quarter last year. Sales volume for Tyson Core Business Lines are up 12.7%. In total, Tyson is up 8.5% in the latest 52 weeks. Our share growth has been the strongest in breakfast, sausage, hotdogs, frozen value-added poultry and frozen protein breakfast. Our growth during these periods was driven in large part by our ability to bring incremental households into our brand and product lines. Total Tyson household penetration reached 81% for the latest 52 weeks. Also consumers continue to rely on low to no contact buying methods. As a result, we experienced e-commerce sales growth of 105% in the latest 13 weeks compared with last year. This equated to approximately $425 million of sales through our e-commerce channel partners. Turning to Slide 6. Innovation is important to our success in both retail and foodservice channels, and we continue to invest in the launch and scaling of new product innovations. On this slide, we have three examples of how our product innovation is tied to meaningful consumer insights. In a recent survey, nearly half of Americans expressed dissatisfaction with available plant-based options for the grill. This insight spurred our recent nationwide Raised & Rooted launch, which includes three new products to meet increasing demand for plant-based protein options. We're also excited for our recent launch of alternative protein offerings in the Europe and Asia-Pacific markets, which will support growing global demand for protein. For Jimmy Dean Breakfast Nuggets are another example of our ability to pair brand and category leadership in frozen breakfast with our unique production capabilities to deliver protein dense offerings that complement Tyson's current product portfolio. Finally, annual servings per capita for breaded chicken sandwiches at restaurants are up 14%. And our products in this space have enabled us to capitalize on the growing popularity. Moving to Slide 7. As we continue to navigate complex consumer dynamics overall, we're closely monitoring several factors to effectively engage with our customers and consumers in support of the overall recovery. Protein has remained relevant throughout the pandemic, with 54% of consumers indicating a deliberate intent to increase protein intake within their daily diet and 20% indicating that they are consuming animal protein more often than they were a year ago. In addition to overall protein consumption, we are closely monitoring reopening and recovery patterns. Approximately 76% of the U.S. states are now at 75% or more capacity for in-restaurant dining. With vaccine rollouts and consumer mobility improving, away from home traffic is gradually increasing on a sequential basis. Currently QSR and C-stores are leading the recovery as consumers are very comfortable with ordering takeout. While we are seeing some challenges in our international markets, progress against COVID domestically should continue to improve consumer confidence and mobility in the second half. The U.S. economy is improving rapidly in part due to government stimulus. But we expect some degree of elevated retail consumption to remain post-COVID, our success in growing retail share and driving relevant innovation will allow us to meet the strong demand for protein and serve our customers across all channels. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie to walk us through the segment operating results in detail.
Donnie King: Thanks, Dean. I will start with the Chicken segment performance captured on Slide 8. Sales were $3.6 billion for the second quarter, up 5%. Overall volumes were down in the quarter, primarily due to COVID-related production inefficiencies. Severe winter weather also impacted volumes, operating costs and production efficiencies in the quarter. Average sales price was up substantially during the period due to the favorable mix and the benefit of higher retail volume. Our reported price improvement also reflects actions that we've taken to cover the inflationary pressure we have experienced from higher grain, labor and freight costs. Despite our efforts in the quarter, we did not fully offset the inflationary impacts as a substantial portion of our business is contracted on a fixed annual price basis. The terms negotiated and locked ahead of the recent surge in grain cost. Adjusted operating income was $6 million during the second quarter and $110 million for the fiscal year-to-date, down versus both comparable periods. Fiscal year-to-date operating income was negatively impacted by $145 million of higher feed ingredient costs, as well as $95 million of increased grow-out expenses and outside meat purchases. For the second quarter feed ingredients were $135 million higher. Our grow-out expenses and outside meat purchases were $60 million higher. Segment performance also reflects net derivative gains during the second quarter of $40 million and $110 million for the fiscal year to-date, both versus the respective comparable periods. These gains are associated with realized gains, as well as open positions. Last quarter, we shared our imperatives for improving Chicken operating results, which are captured on Slide 9. Our goal has not changed. We remain committed to restoring top tier performance. The first imperative is related to being the employer of choice. Despite implementing pay rate increases, we continue to deal with elevated absenteeism and turnover. We're implementing a range of initiatives to improve the team member experience and achieve the status of the employer of choice, including flexible work schedules and a competitive wage rate. At this time, we estimate our average base pay plus benefits for domestic productions -- production workers is valued at over $22 per hour. The second imperative relates to our strategy to improve overall operational performance. Although, we have made some progress improving our plant performance, we're not where we plan to be at this stage. Our strategy to improve our operation performance includes restoring our production volume to full capacity. However, we've struggled to raise the harvest to full capacity due to upstream supply issues, including issues caused by lower hatchability rights. Consequently, we have offset raw material shortages with outside meat purchases at a higher level than we have historically, with the recent move in market prices are cost disadvantage from outside purchases has wide. To compensate for cost headwind, we are working to recover our historical advantage on live costs, reduce the number of pounds we're sourcing in the open market and to increase our plant efficiency as we gradually store volume over the balance of the year. The final imperative relates to serving our customers. Our focus is to deliver the highest levels of service to our customers too with respect to order fill rates. When our customers are successful, we are successful. We are sustaining share gains in retail value added as we start to lap the COVID-19 surge and are also leading foodservice recovery and growth. At the same time, our sales team is working to recover raw material and supply chain cost inflation via pricing. To sum all of these imperatives is a restoration of our Chicken business to top tier competitiveness and the coveted position of being our customer's go to supplier. Acknowledging the uncertainty associated with continued COVID-19 recovery, we are increasingly confident in our ability to bring our adjusted operating income margin back to at least 5% to 7% range over time. Moving to Prepared Foods. Sales were $2.2 billion for the quarter, up 4% relative to the same period last year. Total volume was down 4% in the quarter as growth in the retail channel was offset by reduction in foodservice volumes. Sales growth outpaced volume growth, driven by the partial pass-through of raw material costs, lower commercial spending and better sales mix. Segment operating income was $217 million for the quarter, up 14% versus prior year. For the first half, operating income was $483 million, up 30%. Operating margins for the segment were 10% for the second quarter, an improvement of 80 basis points versus the comparable period. Improvement in operating income was driven by the mixed benefit of strong retail performance, lower commercial spending and pricing pass-throughs, which more than offset higher operating and raw material costs. In the second half, demand is expected to remain elevated at retail, with volumes continuing to exceed pre-COVID levels and foodservice showing sequential improvement. Overall, we're seeing an accelerating inflationary environment that is creating a meaningful headwind for Prepared Foods in the back half of the year. We're seeing raw material cost up over 15%, as well as increases in logistics, packaging, and labor. To offset inflationary pressure, we're focused on pricing, revenue management, commercial spend optimization, while ensuring the continued development of brand equity through marketing and trade support. Moving to the Beef segment. Segment sales were approximately $4 billion for the quarter, up 2% versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers included a strong domestic and export demand for beef products, with average sales price up 7.5% for the quarter. Sales volume for the quarter was down due to the severe winter weather and production inefficiencies related to the challenging labor environment. Segment operating income was $445 million for the quarter. Operating income improvement was driven by strong global demand for beef products and a higher cutout, which were partially offset by higher operating costs. Operating margins for the segment improved 790 basis points to 11% for the second quarter. Our Beef segment performance has been driven by a favorable supply and demand dynamics, which looked to persist deeper into the year. On beef supply, slightly higher domestic production for the calendar year is being more than offset by lower imports and higher exports, resulting in lower projected domestic availability for the full year. Adequate supply coupled with continued strong domestic and export demand will sustain cutout values and our strong segment results. Now, let's move on to Pork segment on Slide 12. Second quarter results reflect the benefit of strong retail demand and higher exports, which were more than offset by higher hog cost and operating expenses. Segment sales were $1.5 billion for the quarter, up 17% versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers for the segment included higher average sales price due to stronger demand, partially offset by lower volumes due to production inefficiencies. Average sales price increased by over 17%, while volumes were down slightly relative to the same period last year. Segment adjusted operating income was $67 million for the quarter, down 28% versus the comparable period. Overall, operating margins for the segment declined by 280 basis points to 4.5% for the quarter. The operating income decline was driven by lower volumes, higher hog costs and increased labor and freight costs. To improve our operating income results for the segment, we have implemented several actions to alleviate production constraints and to improve our volume throughput. As we look ahead, we're closely monitoring hog supply estimates. Recent USDA projections show a historically sharp drop in hog supplies. The sharp decline in supply and strong demand for certain pork items have pushed the cutout up 59% from the end of December. As it stands now, pork cutout is at the highest level for this time of year since 2014. Looking at the overall calendar year, lower projected 2021 pork production and continued robust consumer demand are expected to support hog prices at well above 2020 levels. Slide 13 captures some highlights related to our international business. We continue to invest behind our international platform, which provides an opportunity to grow our sales and our margin by leveraging global production capabilities to feed consumers abroad. We're using our One Tyson framework to identify opportunities to maximize the value of our products and capabilities from farm to table at a global level. Our existing depth of experience in protein production, brand management and global customer relationships creates the right recipe for growth and positions us with the right to win internationally. I'll now turn the call over to Stewart to provide additional detail on our financial performance.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Donnie. Turning now to a summary of our total company financial results, we are pleased with year-over-year growth in sales, adjusted operating income and earnings per share. We performed well despite the challenging operating environment that expend tough labor availability, significant inflationary pressures in raw material costs, global supply chain challenges and evolving demand backdrop. Adjusted operating income was up 43% during the second quarter due to strong performance in our Beef business, along with growth in Prepared Foods earnings, partially offset by softness in Chicken and Pork. For the first half of fiscal 2021, we delivered adjusted operating income growth of 32%. Adjusted EPS grew nearly 70% during the second quarter driven by higher operating income. Fiscal year-to-date adjusted EPS was up 41% on year-to-date basis. Slide 15 bridges our total company sales for the first half. Ongoing retail strength drove much of our sales results. We delivered growth across all our reporting segments in the retail channel. Overall, retail accounted for $700 million in sales improvement during the first half and over $260 million in the second quarter versus comparable periods. Moving to foodservice. Sales declined over $400 million in the first half compared to the same period last year, but improved $69 million in the second quarter. Foodservice recovery was most evident during the second quarter in higher Chicken and Prepared Foods sales versus the same period last year. Our foodservice mix in Chicken indexes to QSRs, which saw volumes above pre-COVID levels during the period. In Prepared Foods, we are seeing recovery in foodservice foot traffic and strong sales into the distribution channel. Exports were up over 5% versus the comparable period, led by Beef where sales improved nearly $100 million for the first half. China is a key driver of Beef export strength. Lastly, we've seen some strength in industrial, particularly in Pork as renewable fuels continue to drive growth in fat and oils demand. In addition, the pace and shape of foodservice recovery will affect the composition of our channel and segment sales in the second half of the fiscal year. Slide 16 shows the bridge for adjusted operating income for the first half. Lower volumes, primarily from production inefficiencies in foodservice were $100 million headwind on gross margin in the first half. Price mix benefited during the first half from price recovery of raw material cost inflation, improved mix, strong Beef segment performance, and continued retail strength across segments. Adjusted operating income was burdened by $664 million in cost of goods sold pressure for the period. This amount reflects significant raw material and supply chain cost inflation. Of the total, feed ingredients, scrub costs and outside meat purchases associated with the Chicken segment contributed $240 million of pressure. Other large contributors included freight and labor costs. Year-to-date SG&A benefited from the $54 million loss in fiscal 2020 compared to a $55 million gain in fiscal 2021 associated with the cattle supplier fraud and certain reductions in trade spin and travel costs. Slide 17 captures our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Given continued strength in the Beef segment and our expectations for ongoing foodservice recovery, we are raising our sales guidance for the full year. We now expect to deliver annual revenues in the range of $44 billion to $46 billion. This guidance reflects our expectation of partial price recovery relative to continued feed ingredient and supply chain cost inflation. At the segment level, we expect our directional annual guidance of lower operating margins in Chicken and Pork versus the prior year to hold. Because of stronger than expected performance in Beef and current market conditions, we are raising our guidance on the Beef segment. We now expect segment earnings to be up versus prior year. Finally, we are lowering our guidance in Prepared Foods due to back-off inflationary pressures, and now expect the segments earnings to be flat versus the prior year. Key risks to this guidance include freight rates, labor costs, grain costs in the Chicken segment; raw material costs for our Prepared Foods business and continued export market strength along with price volatility in commodity meets. Our capital expenditures outlook of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion remains unchanged, but we now expect to be at the lower end of the range. Net interest expense is expected to be lower than our previous outlook at approximately $420 million. This update reflects an incremental term loan repayment of $750 million relative to our prior guidance that resulted in the early payoff of our $1.5 billion term loan offset by $500 million of new indebtedness associated with a new bilateral term loan facility. Our outlook on effective tax rate is unchanged. We will continue to monitor the potential implications of any new legislation, but do not currently expect to see impacts to our adjusted rate this fiscal year. Our expectations related to liquidity are also unchanged. As we noted last quarter, liquidity decreased from $4.2 billion at the end of the first quarter, ending the second quarter at $2.6 billion. Finally, our COVID-related costs, which totaled $95 million in the quarter, and now expected to be approximately $365 million for the year. Turning to Slide 18. With our strong operational performance through the first half of 2021, we've seen an increase in operating cash flows. We have prioritized deleveraging through the first half, consistent with our priority to maintain a strong balance sheet with financial flexibility. Investing organically in our business has been an important priority, which will increase our production capacity and our market capabilities, as well as modernize our operations, while providing strong returns. We will continue to explore paths to optimize our portfolio through M&A. We have a disciplined approach which focuses on returns and generation of shareholder value. Finally, we're committed to return cash to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. In short, we view the cash generation capabilities of this business is both strong and diverse, and we expect our deployment to deliver strong shareholder return. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Dean.
Dean Banks: Thanks Stewart. To close our prepared remarks, I just want to make a few comments about our priorities for the second half. Looking at the work ahead of us, we are focused on improving operating margins, growing above the market and driving sustainable return for shareholders. To improve our operating margins, we are driving enterprise-wide operational excellence, working aggressively to restore our competitive position in our Chicken segment and structuring our teams to operate at the speed of the market. To grow above the market, our team is focused on working closely with our customers to enable foodservice recovery and support ongoing retail demand. We've also increased investment in value-added capacity expansions in automation technology, which will support increased sales, high efficiency processing, and more agile customer service. Lastly, the strength of our balance sheet will allow us to continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders consistent with our stated priorities. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Megan.
Megan Britt: Thanks, Dean. We will now move onto your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Hey, good morning and thank you very much for taking my questions. So, maybe, Donnie, that's one for you. Just wanted to follow-up on the initiatives within Chicken, and I mean, clearly, you've laid out very much detailed the plan on how to work on improving and get back to that mid to – mid-single-digit, high single-digit operating income margin level. Now, more short-term, if we take a look at the cost headwinds, corn, soy, I mean, obviously, that's significantly impacting. How do you feel about your ability to negotiate on pricing with what you usually have on your negotiators and contract pricing with customers, just considering that the overall environment seems to be very inflationary? So do you have -- do you see any flexibility around the pricing mechanisms in the short-term? Thank you.
Donnie King: Thanks for the question. Short answer is, yes. We have, obviously, locked in some pricing early, before we saw the run-up in grain. But we've been having non-stop conversations with all of our customers around the inflationary need for pricing. And they have been very responsive. We've had a lot of really good results in -- let's call it mid contract going and having a conversation with those customers. Remember our relationships with our customers, it is a relationship. It is not a transactional event for us and we've invested as they have through the years. And so, they've been very supportive. They certainly understand the inflationary needs and I think we will be quite successful in this endeavor.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And just to kind of look ahead, I mean, where do you think are low-hanging fruits in terms of operating efficiencies to bring margins back up aside from the headwinds, like really what's in your hand? What have you identified since you took over a more serious review of the business a couple of months ago? And where do you think are the low-hanging fruits and more the bigger challenges, just to bring that back to that 5% to 7% margin range you've talked about?
Donnie King: Sure. Well, let me start with -- as we started the fiscal year, we had one objective and that was to simply be the best chicken company as we move forward. And we obviously recognize that's not where we were and -- or where we are. And so, we began to work on that. And as we get into -- as we got into this, we started seeing good results, particularly in Q1. However, in January, we started -- the recovery slowed down, driven by volume constraints due primarily to chick availability from an unexpected decline in hatch. The winter storm Uri affected our operations broadly, a significant event. We essentially lost a week across our entire poultry enterprise and more broadly across the rest of the businesses as well. As a result of these supply shortages, we compensated with outside meat purchases, which has driven our cost up as market price rallied sharply, particularly after the first quarter. At the same time, costs inflation accelerated with the grain, the highest in the last six years, wage increases and freight costs also impacted us. And as I mentioned earlier, we contracted a large share of our portfolio in the fall and early winter before the prices began to increase materially. We're continuing to deal with turnover and absenteeism. And -- but what I would tell you, despite these headwinds, the fundamentals of our business looking forward are actually quite good. Customer and consumer demand is strong, sustained demand in retail and foodservice recovery with ongoing chicken sandwich promotions. So the outlook and alongside the operational improvements that we're making and the pricing opportunities that we have are quite good. So -- but very specifically, I think about this business and the seven levers that this business or this business model and the levers are price. We simply need to be -- to get paid fair market value. We certainly can't eat all the inflation that we're experiencing now. We've got to get volume back under us. Our business is growing, and we got to get the harvest numbers back up for our business. And we have to continue to get more FP capacity online. We've had a great improvement in mix. We're still struggling with absenteeism. And then, we need to make sure our spend is imbalanced with the volume at which we're processing. And finally, we need to return our live production, spreads -- our historical spread to the industry, we need to regain those spreads. So, what I can tell you is, we know where we are really, and we're not happy with where we are. And we fully understand that we can't talk our way through our poor performance. We do have a great plan in place to be the best chicken company, and we've made great progress. And we'll accelerate that in the back half of the year. I'll tell you, we have a great team in place. Everybody knows what they're doing. And we're not afraid. We're not discouraged. We're a little bit delayed from the -- some of the winter and some of the activities inflation in Q2. But we're very optimistic about this business as we move forward.
Dean Banks: And I just want to add just a compliment to Donnie and the team, we'd committed in previous calls to have visible operating metric improvement at the end of the second quarter. And from everything we've seen early in the quarter and coming out of the previous year, we had seen those operating improvements materializing. It's unfortunate that we're experiencing all the headwinds, but I'm proud of how Donnie and the team is managing those headwinds and the operating improvements they made, which will become visible, as we navigate the headwinds coming forward.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much, Donnie, Dean for the comments. Congrats.
Donnie King: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Dean Banks: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to make sure I understood guidance. When you say that the results in a particular segment are likely to be higher or lower than the prior year, I think you're talking about operating margin, because that's what it says in the slide, and that's what you've historically done. But in your prepared remarks, I thought you said profit or earnings. I just wanted to clarify whether it's margin or earnings or both when you're talking about those terms.
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah. Ken, Stewart here. Absolutely. It's percentage with some of our rate of return on sales and as you point out that -- that's what you see in the slide.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you for that. And then, as a quick follow-up, can you talk a little bit about some of those hatch issues that you mentioned. How structural are those? How much of those related or related to some of the weather that we saw? I'm just trying to get a sense of your outlook for those.
Dean Banks: Sure. Great question. We think some of them are structural in that -- in our program. We changed one of the males that we were using in our business and great brawler performance. But we're not seeing the -- those maternal characteristics, such as egg production and hatch, namely hatch. And so, we've got some of those issues going on. But in terms of the weather, it's a little hard in February, with the Uri, with the impact of that with all the power outages and so forth. We had eggs sitting on a farm without power. So, we saw a loss of embryos as a result of that. So, from February into March, think about this -- those animals that were -- those chicks that were impacted also went through the grow-out cycle and they had issues as they went through there. So, the initial impact was very expensive. But you think about the knock-on effects of that. It's -- those persisted all the way through April and we're just now clearing ourselves to that. But the other side of this, or the view of this is, they are -- in terms of the hatchet is improving. It will improve marginally as we move over, as we elevate -- if you think about our business and our breeder performance, we have a spread from the best to the worst. So just elevating and tightening that spread will give us improvement. Seasonally, we'll get a little bit of improvement. And the knock-on effects from the winter storm will give us a little improvement. So, we're not going to be all the way bright. It'll take us time to work the males that we're changing at. We'll have a new male in place everywhere. Let's call it, Ball and -- but it'll take a full year to see this come back to bright. But we're competent in that. And so that's where we are.
Ken Goldman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Dean Banks: Good morning.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So, two questions from me. The first one you talked about operational inefficiencies. I was just wondering if you could clarify what those problems were, and how quickly you expect them to be resolved? And then I have a follow-up.
Dean Banks: Thanks. Great question. In terms of the issue, it's -- think of it in terms of a staffing issue impacting capacity. If I think about our Pork business, it's been taking us about six days to do five days’ worth of work, because of turnover absenteeism. The other part of that is in terms of the performance is related to not having skilled people in place. And so, we've not been able to get mix optimization in terms of maximizing the cutout, all those variety meats, all those components that are highly attractive from a margin perspective. We're short-staffed right now in our pork plant. We're working on things that you might would expect in terms of work schedules. We're looking at wages in all those cases, and we're also investing in terms of automation and technology to try to alleviate these more difficult and higher turnover jobs.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a follow-up, could you give us a quick sort of update on the current status of the African swine fever situation in China? Is that -- we didn't hear anything about that this time around? I know that you think that it's probably going to continue to have an impact on the global meat supply and demand balance for some time. But are we getting through to the other side of that, so that it's having less of an impact on your export business, for example?
Dean Banks: Yeah. So, first off, the case is not just in China, but what we've seen in Germany, it really disrupted global protein flows. Some of the protein was obviously destined for Asia. China, early reports, where they were having some success of repopulating, but our latest research shows that that's really not happening anywhere near the pace that they hope. So, we still see really strong exports going into China to cover that gap.
Alexia Howard: Right.
Donnie King: I would add -- okay, I would add to that just that China is still at the -- at important deficit. There are new heard losses from ASF, which is slowing their recovery. So, based on the numbers, I saw quoted from Rabobank recently, there'll be flat to about 2020.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Dean Banks: Good morning, Adam.
Donnie King: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Wanted to -- maybe tie together some of the comments that you've given on the Chicken business through the call already. As we think about the balance of this fiscal year and that kind of pathway that -- to that 5% to 7% margins. Maybe can you help us think about where we would be kind of at the end of September, at the end of fiscal 2021 in terms of some of the live productivity issues where you'd hope to be from a labor and nutrition perspective, kind of where you think you'll be on kind of price versus feed, kind of balance by the end of the fiscal year and the 5% to 7%? Just help us think about -- you talked about it as a medium-term target, what do you think the timeline realistically is to get back there?
Dean Banks: Sure. So, as I think about the -- let's start with the hatch issue. I covered off on a number of those things in terms of it'll be improving sequentially, but we're changing out of male that -- quite frankly, we made a bad decision on and will not be all the way bright until -- let's call it, mid-year of 2022. But we'll sequentially get better between now and then, and hatch. That'll help us supply and supply that we quite frankly need today. We're too dependent on the outside purchases meat right now. And we've -- the market has run up in there. So it's -- the ability to pass on that cost in the marketplace is next to impossible. And so, we need to get our own animals in place. And by the way, that outside purchase is predominantly breast meat and that we have good sales for the back half of the chicken, all the rendered products that come with that, of course, you see the wing bar are well over -- that are over three bucks right now. But in terms of getting to the 5% to 7%, and when I say 5% to 7%, I'm talking about 5% to 7% and business that's growing, growing top line, growing bottom line. And so, we got to staff the plans. I mean, that's an imperative here. And we have to compete with the very best and competing in this example is we need to have a cost structure that is best-in-class. And quite frankly, we haven't had that. And -- but we're well on the road. We have -- much like we did in 2008, we have a path forward. We're looking at those big rocks. Most of them would be in labor yield spin. Volume is certainly a big component of that as well. And we've got to service customers better. Quite honestly, we have not serviced our customers well in almost -- well, two and a half years. I talked about the SAP cutover and then COVID of last year. And so, we got to do that better for our customers. And that certainly helps us. And then that puts us in a position to continue to grow our business. We're being very successful right now with growth in the business. And when we service the customer in full, all the time across all channels, then we get the opportunity to grow our business at even a higher rate. So, all those things are -- all those things that would get you to the 5% to 7% and growing. But it's the fundamentals. It's the fundamentals of the business that we have to get in order. And we're very much aware of those. We're very much aware of where our gaps are to each one of those cost components. And so -- and we've got a good team working on it. So, more to come.
Donnie King: One other point I wanted to make related to the hatch issue is that, it's a bit of a double-edged sword and that not only are we buying a protein in the market to service our further process customers, but in the primary processing, our plant's not running full as some deleveraging. And so, you'll see us in the coming quarters, as we get hatch fixed, we increased capacity in our facilities. We'll absorb some of that deleveraging and get back to operating metrics and operating performance that come alongside that.
Adam Samuelson: All right. That color is really helpful. And then maybe a follow-up question, maybe this is for Stewart. Just thinking on the capital allocation front, Tyson -- you're at your kind of long-term, kind of leverage target at two-times at the end of the second quarter. Maybe just help us think about kind of deploying incremental cash flow from here. And I think in your prepared remarks, I think -- any reference to M&A that was interested in kind of -- was talked about optimize the portfolio, didn't seem kind of to have aspirations for a lot of offensive M&A. But maybe just to help us think about cash deployment from here.
Dean Banks: Yeah. Sure. Well, look, I mean, I'll tell you. I feel really pretty good about -- our options here. If you think about our capital allocation in three big planks. First, we've been focused on building financial strength and that certainly true as you pointed out our debt to EBITDA ratio is looking good. We do have more debt coming due later this year. And, of course, we have a term loan that's outstanding. So, there's about $1 billion between those two. Then, think about investing in the business. M&A is opportunistic, but, of course, we have and will continue to be pretty disciplined there from a return standpoint. Where you have seen increased capital deployment has been around CapEx, we did earlier this year guide that we would be as high as $1.5 billion. We haven't been able to get some of the projects away as quickly as we've wanted, but you might take away from that early guidance that we have an appetite to invest behind our company in organic kinds of investments. And there are lots of strong opportunities in automation and another profit improvement areas in our business, and notably, lots of opportunity for us to invest in new capacity in our business. And we've got a number of new plants that are coming online. In the prepared remarks we talked about six different sites in our international business, wherever we're investing in new capacity. Donnie spoke about a couple of new plants coming online in the U.S., Humboldt has come online. So, more capital is going against capacity and then as needed for growing business. And then, lastly, of course, 10 years of building growth, we have not been shy to share that cash for shareholders, and we expect to continue to do that in the future. So, I think step back, we've got a well thought out, well balanced approach to capital allocation.
Adam Samuelson: All right. I appreciate all that color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Dean Banks: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: Want to ask about the Prepared Foods segment. Your commentary makes perfect sense, just given the raw material cost inflation that we've seen. I'd love to hear some commentary on the cadence of pricing that you expect to realize. What you're looking at from a competitive standpoint and demand elasticity standpoint in that business? And how we should be thinking about kind of the realization of margin recovery in that business relative to raw material costs and pricing increases.
Dean Banks: Sure. I'll take first shot at this and then pass it over. But we still see tremendous continued retail strength in Prepared Foods and with 11 straight quarters of growth in our core business lines, we're able to command a strong presence there. And as it relates to pricing, we are probably experiencing high input costs from the Pork business. And that will ultimately get passed along. Most of our pricing -- in retail, specifically, we're in a position where we interact with our partner customers quite frequently, and they see what we're experiencing there and we're able to pass that on. We are -- we do expect in the next half to be increasing that spend. It's going to be a requirement obviously to remain competitive in the marketplace. Those investments have paid off in the past, taking against -- as you read and heard 81% household penetration, that's something that we can leverage long-term. In Prepared Foods, the other thing to really keep in mind is that foodservice is coming back. So, we've mentioned that 75% of the areas, which we cover are recovered at about 75%. While we've seen about a 10% dropout in restaurants, those are getting back-filled with those kitchens and a variety of other creative models that -- and ultimately, addition of restaurants to fill that void. We think that that business is going to recover strong. It's a lower margin business. So, we'll see that balancing out, not only due to throughput in the restaurants, but also channel filling, as we get prepared for the full recovery. And last thing I mentioned about foodservice is that please keep in mind, it's obviously regional and it's very different across channels. So, clearly, we've not seen a recovery in K-12 [ph] that we'd expected. And some areas of the world that impact our business, specifically in Europe, they -- they're still buckling under the pressures of COVID. So, foodservice hasn’t recovered quite as much as we'd want. So with that, I’ll hand it over to Stewart to talk about margin outlook.
StewartGlendinning: Yeah. Look, the only thing I would add to what Dean has said is that our expectations for price recovery in the second half are already included in the guidance. Of course, philosophically, we believe as a company that raw material costs ultimately will be passed along. And therefore, you should think about seeing more to come next year. But the current expectations around pricing are built in our guidance.
Ben Bienvenu: Understood. Okay. Great. My second question is just around the buy versus grow strategy in Chicken. And in particular, you talked about the hatchability issues and that how that should resolve some of your issues over time related to the need to buy breast meat on the outside market. What role does Humboldt play, if any, in that equation? And as it relates to Humboldt, is that on time, on budget? What are the latest qualitative or quantitative commentary points that you could offer us?
Donnie King: Sure. Great question. Humboldt, let me start with it. Humboldt is a fresh chicken plant. As we look at that business, it’s a growing category for -- predominantly for our retail customers. So, we started in the late April with some FP type products flowing through Humboldt. It will be July -- late July before we actually are harvesting in the animals in the Humboldt. It will be incremental. It will help us from a flexibility of our footprint. There is Humboldt -- or actually across our fresh portfolio help us de-clog and streamline some of our operations. Now the question around buy versus grow, we still support buy versus grow. We still get program, and we will continue to use that. What I've tried to portray is that we move two quarter on the buy instead of growing our own. And we were late, quite honestly, to be able to get the animals down and grow, but we started this year. If you look at the Q1 numbers, we were seeing pretty nice performance in Q1 and then we get into January and hatch really hit us and then the storm in February. And so, we're still processing all of that to understand what it means. But long-term, we will be fine. But buy versus grow is still a good strategy. We're just over dependent upon it right now. If you think about the marketplace, historically, the market would be around $1.10, $1.20, maybe even inching up from there for jumbo boneless skinless breast meat. As of Friday, it was $2.11. So, pretty significant increase in the market. And so, trying to get pricing around that you got to be -- that's a little tricky, but certainly all our models would indicate that growing. It would be the right course in this market environment.
Dean Banks: One other thing just to add to Donnie's answer. It -- just thinking about Humboldt specifically, as a reminder, there is a startup cost for Humboldt, which is about $60 million in the year with most of that in the second half. So, just keep that in mind for your model.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Ken Zaslow: Just two questions. One is on the Beef side, how long do you think that the cattle supply relative to the packing will be in this situation, because I understand that there has been -- the cattle from last year hasn't been fully killed? So, this positive environment, how long does it last? And then, obviously, into 2022, you're still in a good environment. Just want a comment on that, and then I have a follow-up.
Dean Banks: Sure. We're projecting and observing ample cattle supply through the end of the year. And as we're continuing to set-up our plants and increase production, we're going to continue to work through that. But everything looks strong through the end of the year and into 2022. Donnie, do you want to add any color?
Donnie King: Sure. I will add a little bit to it. There is obviously a higher grain costs in -- on the Beef side and then, of course, the drought conversations which could impact heifer retention, which could portend some longer-term negative implications. But based on everything we see throughout 2020 -- into 2022, at least halfway of what we can say today, there will be ample cattle supply.
Ken Zaslow: Great. And my second question, Donnie, if I look back at 2008, how do you compare and contrast this six on the Chicken operation versus then? And again, if you kind of do that compare and contrast, it seems like there is a real linear path to those type of margins that you once got back in the 2009, 2010 period? And I'll leave it there, and I appreciate it.
Donnie King: Thanks. Well, there are lot of similarities. The good news, bad news is that we've been down this road before. If I look at some of the differences -- if I go back to 2015, for example, our volume -- our harvest volume in pounds sold is flat to 2015. So, that’s problem one. If you think about in this timeframe, we purchase Keystone, which I think it was like 4.5 million chickens a week from that. So, we’ve essentially rationalized that volume through all of our locations. Our capacity utilization is in the low 80s from harvest perspective. So, if you -- I mean, if you look at the numbers today, if you look at a 20% opportunity on top of that with all the latent capacity, there is a lot of upside from a cost perspective as you look at them. At the same time, our volumes remained flat. And our operational costs have risen, let’s call it, a 5% CAGR. We are on flat volume. And quite honestly, our customers aren't willing to pay for our inefficiencies and we don't expect them to. We've seen pretty significant price increase. If you think from 2015 to 2021, it looks like probably half -- $500 million worth of price decreases because of the market dynamics. And we've had a couple of special event. The SAP cutover in 2019 and then COVID-19 in 2020. So, a long story short there is, we got a higher cost and we get lower volume. And you can put together very simplistically what we have to do to get this business right, to get it to 5% to 7%. And then -- and I'd say 5% to 7%, that's where we're going, but I want to point out that it's 5% to 7% and growing our business, meaning FP business. It could be meat. It would mean harvesting animals to support that business. And so, we think we've got a lot of upside and the future looks a lot brighter than it does today.
Ken Zaslow: Thank you very much. See you all guys.
Dean Banks: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Dean Banks: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Good morning. Stewart, the operating income range -- first of all, very helpful. Thank you for including that. Just a question there. It looks like kind of in the front half of the year, your sales price mix was more than double the COGS inflation. And obviously, you're expecting that to reverse pretty materially in the second half of the year. Just -- is there any view to help us understand the magnitude of how much price will recover on the COGS side in the back half, as you think about it on an enterprise-wide level?
Stewart Glendinning: Look, maybe just a couple of things to point out. First of all, you really point out that the mix of the big impact, place to go -- perhaps a little bit more detail is an acute in the segment detail in Note 14, because you're going to be able to take away from that chart that a heavy influence on this number is Beef. And that is why you're going to see the movement looking like you're getting a coverage, which you are in total. But when you break it down at the business level, you're going to see a very different dynamic, obviously, in Prepared Foods, Dean covered that for the back half of the year. Only other thing I'd point out just as a modeling tip is, the cost of grains has gone up substantially. And even since the beginning of this quarter, you will see the grain has shot up. Think back to the data that we gave you during the prepared remarks for grain costs, in the first quarter were sort of $10 million or so higher than last year. In the second quarter, we were $135 million higher than the same quarter last year. That's reflecting that higher cost of grain coming through. Yes, we're hedging. But you need -- those hedges sort of roll. So, the further you get out, at some point you start actually taking that higher cost of grain, and that's what you're seeing as you look through those numbers. So, the second half of the year is going to be bearing grain costs that are a lot higher and our ability to offset that will be dependent on Donnie's set price recovery. But we’ve given you our best estimates in the guidance that we've laid out. There are some areas of fairly significant inflation in the back half.
Peter Galbo: Got it. No. That’s helpful. And Donnie, maybe just to kind of dot the eye on Chicken. I just wanted to understand if the labor problems that we're now reading about pretty consistently across all industries are really incremental to what you had been experiencing over the past six months to a year, and how you kind of see that labor picture -- particularly in Chicken, and how you see that labor picture, I guess, shaping up? When we would expect it to maybe start to alleviate a little bit, at least, from your perspective?
Donnie King: Well, if I look at the time horizon over the last year, it's -- I would say it would be improved somewhat to, let’s call it, the height of COVID. We are able to staff plant. We are pretty close to staffing. Just the absenteeism that we are seeing is really unusual for us. And -- but if I look at prior to COVID, we're probably something in order of five, let’s call it, maybe 50% more absenteeism what we experienced prior to that. And so, there is not a magic bullet here. We're looking at all kinds of things, trying to generate worker driven solutions. We talked about wage and we quoted our wage rates that we have today. And -- but we're also looking at different shift model so that our workforce -- they wants us to be able to tell them exactly when they start to work and exactly when they get off, and very few are interested in a six-day-week or a surprised based on customer consumer demand. And of course, we're investing heavily in terms of automation and technology to try to eliminate the more difficult higher turnover jobs. But I would say across Chicken, Beef, Pork, Prepared, in terms of -- it takes about six days right now to get five days’ worth of work done. And so, it's impacting capacity and costs.
Dean Banks: Peter, one other thing I'd mention is, it's just not -- we wouldn’t want to avoid mentioning the impact of stimulus. And that's ultimately going to wind down and should have a positive impact on our ability to recruit. And also further something Donnie said, we have invested heavily into automation. And some of the tougher to staff is -- portions of the facilities, we can take that talent and redeploy to other parts of the facilities. You'll see that coming in the second half of the year.
Peter Galbo: Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dean Banks for any closing remarks.
Dean Banks: Thanks again everyone for your interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you and your families stay healthy and safe, and we look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Megan Britt, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Megan Britt: Hello and welcome to the first quarter fiscal 2021 earnings conference call for Tyson Foods. On the call today are Dean Banks, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments, which are available on the Investor Relations section of the Tyson website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we’ll make forward-looking statement regarding our expectations for the future. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties assumptions which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current projections. Please refer to our forward-looking statement disclaimers on slide 2, as well as our SEC filings for additional information concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our projections. Please note that references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin and our remarks are on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their corresponding GAAP measures, please refer to our earnings press release. I’ll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Banks: Thank you, Megan. We are pleased to have you as a new member of our Tyson Foods family and appreciate your leadership. I want to thank everyone listening for your interest in Tyson Foods, and I want to thank our 139,000 dedicated team members, who come to work every day to help keep each other safe and feed the world. Your work is raising the world’s expectations for how much good food can do. Earlier today, we released our first quarter results for fiscal 2021. We delivered strong operating earnings performance, exceeding $1 billion in operating income for the quarter. This performance was driven by higher earnings in our Prepared Foods, Beef and Chicken segments, and demonstrates our effectiveness in addressing customer and consumer needs, while continuing to manage the ongoing effects of the global pandemic. I am exceptionally proud of our global team for their contributions to the strong results. Fundamental to our results are the considerable investments that we’ve made to safeguard the health, safety and wellness of our global team members. This remains our top priority. We also continue to monitor consumer trends. The pandemic spurred changes in consumer demand patterns and created new operational complexities for our team. We have risen to the challenge that these changes have created. We flexed our footprint to adapt to shifting channel demand, scaling retail production up dramatically, and innovating with attractive retail offerings. Our investments in insights, innovation and R&D are helping us win with consumers. As demonstration, we now have delivered 10 consecutive quarters of retail volume growth across our core business lines. As we navigate continued market volatility, we are focused on operational excellence and disciplined cost management. During the quarter, we realized cost savings and progressively improved our order fulfillment results. We are also on track relative to our stated capital allocation objectives and have prioritized key growth investments to diversify our asset base. Looking forward, I am confident that our team is executing on the right priorities to meet our commitments and drive shareholder value-creation. Turning to slide 4. Team member health and safety is and will continue to be our top priority. We have an intense focus on team member wellbeing as a fundamental driver of engagement and satisfaction across our enterprise. This quarter, we announced the hiring for the Chief Medical Officer. We welcomed Dr. Claudia Coplein in January and look forward to her additional leadership in ensuring that our organization continues to remain vigilant and aggressive towards overall team member wellness. We have also hired 200 new nurses and administrative staff, bringing the total occupational health staff to almost 600 team members. With these resources, we are advancing our health and safety priorities to support our vaccine rollout and build our wellness program. We’re also opening seven pilot health clinics for team members and their families this year to increase their access to health care in the communities where we operate. I’m exceptionally pleased to report that our advanced preparations and investments have allowed us to start COVID-19 vaccinations on a limited basis as vaccines have become available. We’ve extended our ongoing partnership with Matrix Medical, a leading clinical services provider to prepare for broad vaccine distribution and to ensure the U.S. team members are educated across multiple languages about the COVID-19 vaccine. This is part of our ongoing effort to ensure our team members have information and access to the best protections available. In addition to supporting vaccine deployment, we continue to use testing as a major component of our COVID-19 monitoring strategy, and part of our health and safety measures to protect team members. We are testing thousands of team members every week and currently estimate that we have tested more than half our workforce. Our always-on testing strategy is another proactive step in our efforts to search for and fight the virus. The result of our proactive approach has been a dramatic reduction in COVID-19 occurrence within our plants with strong accomplishment, given the surge in cases nationally. As we look forward to the prospect of recovery in the months ahead, we have an incredible opportunity through our leading position in sustainability and social responsibility to drive a more sustainable future for our Company and our planet. We are excited for the upcoming publication of our annual sustainability report later this spring, which will show continued progress across our three key focus areas, including empowering people, conserving natural resources and cultivating innovation in agriculture. As I consider our impact in these important objectives, I’m very proud of how our teams continue to drive progress and their tireless efforts towards lasting change. Since February of 2020, Tyson has donated nearly 90 million meals to aid hunger relief efforts in our communities, and we will continue to support those local communities where help is needed. We will also improve our environmental footprint as we feed the world. In fact, we were the first across our peer group to announce greenhouse gas reduction targets that were accepted by the science-based targets initiative, a bold commitment to achieving a 30% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. We are also committed to leading in the advancement of animal welfare outcomes with transparency. To this end, we recently partnered with the University of Arkansas, Division of Agriculture to fund research and animal welfare, and commercial broiler farms, which will guide industry efforts to continuously improve welfare for the birds entrusted to our care. These initiatives and many more to come, solidify Tyson’s position as a leader within this space, and our consistent progress is being recognized. We ranked number one in the Food Production category on the 2021 Fortune magazine, World’s Most Admired Companies list. This is our fifth consecutive year in a row to receive that recognition. Turning now to slide 6. While we’ve experienced an operating environment that has seen pockets of volatility over the past few quarters, we are starting to see consumer behavior stabilize within the retail and food service channels. Our diverse protein portfolio continues to be well-positioned to support current consumption patterns. Consistent with our experience last year, continued strength in at-home consumption is delivering historically high retail and e-commerce sales. We continue to outperform peers with stronger retail volume growth. Our total Tyson and core business lines have posted 10 consecutive quarters of growth and four straight quarters of double-digit expansion, continuing to outpace total food and beverage. Volumes in core business lines were up nearly 14% during the latest 13 weeks and 19% during the latest 52 weeks. Our growth during these periods was driven in large part by our ability to bring incremental households into our brands and product lines. Total Tyson household penetration reached 81%, and we continue to see an increased number of shopping trips that included a Tyson product, up 11% versus a year ago. As consumers increased their reliance on low to no contact buying methods during the quarter, we experienced e-commerce sales growth of 89% in the latest 13 weeks, compared to last year. This equated to approximately $330 million of sales through our e-commerce channel partners. We expect e-commerce channels to remain very relevant moving forward, as consumers maintain and shift to convenient low to no contact buying methods. Foodservice volumes were still down relative to pre-COVID-19 levels, but our channel and category mix sets us up well for recovery as nationwide vaccination efforts are expected to drive more away-from-home protein consumption occasions. It’s important to note that some foodservice operators have adapted very well to the current environment and have embraced drive-through and takeout. Many of these operators are not seeing the volume declines others have, and some are even outpacing historical pre-COVID-19 performance. Winning those consumers by meeting their needs is core to our strategy, and new innovations are a big part of that. Turning to slide 7, we’re excited to share some new product launches that are showing signs of early success. Our Air Fried Chicken line has been in market for just over a year, and it’s already showing great momentum with very-strong repeat purchase rates. We’re proud of how our innovation capabilities help us meet consumers’ health and wellness needs and have driven new buyers to the category. Approximately 11% of volumes from the Air Fried line’s initial launch period are generated by new consumers. Jimmy Dean, one of our iconic billion dollar brands, recently extended into the breakfast burrito category, a natural progression for an industry leading product line rooted in convenience and tasty offerings across breakfast occasions. We’re seeing strong incremental Jimmy Dean volumes from this product offering as well as solid repeat purchase rates. Just last month, we launched new alternative protein offerings under the Jimmy Dean label, including the Plant-Based Patty Croissant, which is already exceeding our original demand forecast. Recognized and trusted brands like Jimmy Dean provide a powerful platform to offer plant-based options, which is an illustration of our One Tyson strategy in action. Each of these exciting product launches reaffirms Tyson’s ability to bring innovative and on trend products to market as part of our overall growth strategy. This innovation engine creates synergies across not only the retail channel, but also foodservice. Turning to slide 8. We’re also making progress on several other key strategic areas that will create long-term shareholder value. First, the core part of Tyson’s strategy is operational excellence. We strive to produce high-quality products with efficient operations and top notch customer service. We are working aggressively to realize improvement opportunities, especially in our Chicken segment. Later in the call, Stewart will share additional detail on our actions to improve operating results in the Chicken segment. In general, through our ongoing financial fitness, we are pursuing significant cost savings opportunities across our business. Next, we are making the organic investments necessary to meet growing global protein demand. Our international platform increasingly provides an opportunity to grow overall sales and margins by leveraging our global production capabilities to reach an international customer base. We’re using our One Tyson framework to identify synergy opportunities and to maximize the value from farm to table at the global level. Because of our existing depth of experience in protein production, brand management and global customer relationships, we believe we have the right recipe for growth and the right to win in these attractive international markets. Overall, we estimate that approximately 60% of our capital expenditures are going toward growth objectives. An area of increased investment is value-added capacity expansion and automation technology, which will support increased sales, high-efficiency processing and better customer service, among others. In addition, we’re using technology to improve employee health and safety, animal wellbeing and environmental management. Lastly, our capital allocation priorities build financial strength, allowing us to continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders. We have disciplined processes to ensure that investments we make optimize our returns and drive long-term shareholder value. We’re also committed to return capital to shareholders. Our business performance has allowed us to increase our dividend per share each year for the last nine years. I’d like to move now to a review of our first quarter fiscal 2021 performance for the total Company, which is captured on slide 9. We delivered sales of $10.5 billion in the quarter, slightly down versus the same period last year. Volumes were lower, primarily due to reduced foodservice volumes, partially offset by higher retail volumes. Note also that the $320 million charge related to our poultry litigation accrual was recorded as a reduction to sales in the quarter. We delivered operating income of over $1 billion during the quarter, up 24% versus the same period a year ago. The company experienced strong operating income performance in Beef and Prepared Foods, while the Pork segment softened and the Chicken business showed signs of improvement. Total Company operating income margin was 9.5%. This strong performance resulted in $1.94 in earnings per share for the quarter, an increase of approximately 28% versus the same period last year. In line with our focus on team member health and safety, we incurred $120 million of direct incremental COVID-19 costs during the first quarter. These costs have not been adjusted out of our results and include items such as PPE, testing, medical partnerships, product downgrades, donations as well as enhanced employee pay and benefits. Overall, our business performed well during the quarter, while showing profitability and operational improvements on a year-over-year basis in key areas. Our retail business has seen continued and strong performance as a result of our depth of brand and product offerings. Based on our growing share positions and increasing presence within consumer shopping carts, we believe we’re well positioned for continued strength at retail. We’re also partnering with our foodservice customers to ensure they are prepared to meet increasing channel demand as the COVID-19 vaccination rollout continues and consumers gradually become more active away from home. Finally, our team and business has performed, but we certainly still have growth and execution opportunities ahead that we are actively pursuing. I will now turn the call over to Stewart. He will share our detailed financial performance before I return to provide closing remarks.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Dean, and good morning, everyone. Starting with Prepared Foods, sales were $2.1 billion for the quarter, roughly flat versus the same period last year, reflecting higher retail and lower foodservice sales. Total volume was down 9%. Segment operating income was $266 million for the quarter, up 48% versus prior year. This substantial improvement in profitability was driven by strong retail performance, lower commercial spending, as a result of continued strength in retail demand, and lapping of issues experienced as a result of our ERP rollout last year. Offsetting these improvements were higher costs related to commodity price increases and other input cost inflation, along with COVID-related costs and impacts on our manufacturing efficiency. As demand gradually normalizes post-COVID, we expect higher levels of commercial spending in order to meet our category growth objectives and negative mix impacts from higher foodservice volumes. As this shift occurs, we expect some benefits from improving fixed cost deleverage as volumes increase back to historical levels. Operating margins for the segment were 12.6% for the first quarter, an improvement of more than 400 basis points versus the comparable period. We’re also happy to see our business operations stabilizing in key areas, which has allowed us to improve our service levels, as well as fill rates with our customers. Moving on to our Chicken segment. First quarter results show an improved operating income relative to the same period last year. Segment sales were $2.8 billion for the quarter, down 14% versus prior year, in large part because of a $320 million reduction in sales from the poultry litigation accrual. Volumes were down 7% relative to the same period last year, primarily due to lost foodservice sales but were offset by bright spots in our retail value-added categories, as well as strong sales to certain national account QSR chains. Sales and volumes continue to be impacted by both, channel shifts and intermittent operational issues resulting from the pandemic, including higher absenteeism at our production facilities. Segment operating income was $104 million for the quarter, up 33% versus the same quarter last year. The operating income improvement was driven by price increases on certain products and cost-saving initiatives as we continue working to improve the competitiveness of our Chicken operations. We also saw a positive impact from derivatives of approximately $70 million in the quarter. Operating margins for the segment improved 90 basis points to 3.3% for the first quarter. We are driving actions in three areas within our Chicken business in order to restore top tier performance, being the employer of choice, improving operational performance and our relentless focus on serving our customers’ needs. Higher levels of absenteeism and turnover have created inefficiency in our operations as they leave us short of team members to fully stop our plants and also drive higher levels of overtime pay. As a result, we’re implementing a range of measures designed to enhance the attractiveness of our production-related roles, including increased pay, and the use of automation and technology to supplement some of the more difficult and high turnover jobs. Next, our process flow in the plant has not been optimal, and we’ve been working steadily to correct this. Clearly, the disruptions caused by COVID have not helped, but we’re starting to see improvement and expect that to continue during the year. This will be the source of considerable savings over time. Lastly, COVID channel shifts and volatile demand have negatively impacted our order fulfillment rates. Changes we’ve made to plant operations in response to COVID are yielding improvements, and we expect that further improvements will result as we reduce our staffing gaps and drive operational flow improvements. This is, of course, in addition to the benefits expected as foodservice begins to recover. Moving to the Beef segment. First quarter results show an improvement relative to the same period last year. Segment sales were approximately $4 billion for the quarter, up 4% versus the same period last year. Key sales drivers include strong domestic and export demand for beef products with volumes up 5.6% for the quarter. Segment operating income was $528 million for the quarter, up 45% versus prior year. Operating income improvement was driven by higher volumes as we lapped the prior year impacts of our Finney County plant fire. We also realized a $55 million gain related to recoveries from the cattle supplier fraud, offset by higher COVID-related operating costs. These higher costs were mostly driven by bonuses paid to our frontline team members. Note also that the comparable period last year was revised down by $68 million, associated with the cattle supplier of fraud, affecting the year-over-year comparison. Operating margins for the segment improved 370 basis points to 13.2% for the first quarter. Now, let’s move on to the Pork segment on slide 14. First quarter results show a softening relative to the same period last year. Segment sales were $1.4 billion for the quarter, up about 4% versus the comparable period last year. These sales drivers for the segment included lower volumes as a result of temporary idling of one of our production facilities, offset by stronger demand. Volumes were down 3% for the quarter relative to the same period last year. Segment operating income was $116 million for the quarter, down 40% versus the comparable period. Operating income degradation was driven by production inefficiencies, the temporary idling of the previously mentioned production facility and COVID-related operating costs. We also experienced higher live animal costs, which was not fully offset by price. Operating margins for the segment declined by 590 basis points to 8.1% for the first quarter. Moving to slide 15. I’ll share the quarterly results impact on certain cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Operating cash flow totaled $1.4 billion, up nearly $500 million versus the prior year. Liquidity strengthened to $4.2 billion as of January 2, 2021. Gross debt to adjusted EBITDA of 2.6 times was down slightly compared to prior year-end. And on a net debt basis, we were at 2 times, aided by the strong cash flows in this quarter. Net interest expense totaled $108 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 23.5%. Capital expenditures came in at $289 million. We paid $159 million of dividends during the quarter and purchased $17 million of shares related to our employee stock plans. Turning now to a discussion on our financial outlook. Clearly, an important headline this quarter is the sharp rise in grain costs. Grain futures for 2021 have continued to strengthen due to diminished stocks to use expectations for corn and soybeans, and strong export demand, particularly from China. We expect hedging and pricing actions will allow our team to mitigate some grain cost impacts moving ahead. But, at this time, it is difficult to estimate just how much can be mitigated through those actions. As a reminder, a $0.10 per bushel move in corn price or a $10 per ton move in soybean meal translates into an approximate change of $25 million in cost of goods sold. We’ve also seen some recent inflationary pressure in our freight costs, largely due to a shortage of drivers. In our international and export businesses, these freight dynamics are manifesting themselves through increased container costs. Our team’s efforts to mitigate future freight and transportation risks will continue to ensure our products are shipped efficiently and effectively to meet customer needs. Lastly, looking at our assumptions related to the adequacy of live animal inventory, live cattle inventories remain ample to support our beef business, and we believe hog inventories will remain adequate, despite a small decrease in supply. Having said that, both cattle and hog futures have moved higher since October, and we’re working to minimize the impact to our business, particularly in the Prepared Foods segment where retail prices do not move as dynamically. Slide 17 captures our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. We expect to deliver annual revenues at the top end of our previous range of $42 billion to $44 billion, supported by our strong first quarter performance. We also expect our directional annual guidance versus last year of improved operating margins in Prepared Foods and lower operating margins in Pork to hold. At current grain prices, operating margins in Chicken will likely be lower than prior year. Because of stronger-than-expected performance in Beef and current market conditions, we expect Beef to deliver an operating margin similar to last year’s 10.1% or marginally lower. Key risks to this guidance include rate rates as well as labor availability and costs across all segments, grain costs in the Chicken segment, raw material costs for our Prepared Foods business and continued export market strength. We are revising our capital expenditures outlook to $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion as we continue to build capacity across our network. As we noted last quarter, the majority of this spend will be toward capacity expansions in chicken, case-ready beef and pork, prepared foods and international. Net interest expense is expected to be lower than our previous outlook at approximately $430 million, which reflects a recent term loan repayment of $750 million that occurred during our second quarter. Our outlook on effective tax rate is unchanged, but we will continue to monitor the potential implications of legislation from the new administration. Our expectations related to liquidity are unchanged, although we expect our liquidity to decrease from $4.2 billion at the end of the first quarter, based on the term loan repayment as well as our seasonally higher cash usage during our second quarter. Finally, we have continued to invest in health and safety, and wellbeing of our team members. And our COVID-related costs, which totaled $120 million in the quarter, are now expected to be approximately $440 million for the year. It remains to be seen what portion of these costs will be permanent. Now, I’d like to turn the call back to Dean.
Dean Banks: Thanks, Stewart. In summary, our multi-protein portfolio delivered strong first quarter results that will create the fuel for disciplined investments and higher margin, higher growth opportunities ahead, and we will seek opportunities to remove unnecessary costs and invest in the right areas. Our retail performance is showing tremendous strength, and our operational flexibility positions us well for a gradual recovery in foodservice volumes. We remain focused on fostering a culture of health, safety and wellness, and protecting our team members through workplace protections and a leading COVID-19 monitoring program, as well as our vaccine preparations. I’m energized by our team’s commitment to delivering healthy, safe and accessible protein to global consumers, their ability to continuously innovate and their ongoing emphasis on operational execution. We’re optimistic about the continued success of Tyson Foods as our diverse portfolio has us well positioned for long-term sustainable growth. And with that, I’ll now turn the call back to Megan.
Megan Britt: Thanks, Dean. We’ll now move to your questions. Please recall that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both, our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I’ve got two questions. One about guidance, and then, the second kind of bigger picture strategic question. First on guidance. I want to focus in on the Chicken guidance, given that -- I think most of the other elements of your guidance make sense, but I wanted to probe on Chicken. I understand the view around rising grain costs. And I know relatively low stocks to use, that’s going to be a particularly tight environment this year. Let me juxtapose that though with what chicken prices have done year-to-date. I’m curious around what’s embedded in your outlook as it relates to chicken prices for the year relative to grain costs? And then, also relative to last year, which was tumultuous for the industry and for you, you’ve had some unusual charges and costs last year that, in some ways, artificially suppressed your chicken margins. So, maybe talk about that relative to your view and your guidance this morning that Chicken margins will be lower year-over-year.
Dean Banks: Sure, Ben. First off, thanks for the question. Thanks for the interest in the Company. As you saw in the slide presentation, we are making substantial investments towards improving the Chicken business overall. First off in being the employer of choice, we’re making investments in operational performance and really getting our fill rates up to ultimately service our customers. Those are not bullets on a slide. Those are actions that are actively taking place. And as we said before, we’re one of the world’s largest chicken businesses. So, it’s going to take some time for those activities to materialize into our operational performance overall. As it relates to pricing, as we’ve said before, a lot of the pricing in the Company happens if the poultry happens in the first and second quarter. We’ve made substantial progress there and are satisfied with how it’s coming together.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. So, when we -- just as a quick follow-up on that. When we look at kind of commodity chicken market, I guess, we need to assume a more tempered impact of the dynamics in that market on your chicken sales prices to square up with your guidance in your release this morning. Is that a fair characterization?
Dean Banks: The industry as a whole is certainly facing a number of headwinds with grains, with transportation costs, labor, et cetera. We’re managing those. Some of that’s uncontrollable. We will see -- with vaccinations, we will see foodservice recovery, but its effect on price, I’m not going to project.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Fair enough. My second question is kind of bigger picture, on the renewable diesel industry and the projected growth in that industry that’s growing rapidly. It’s having even already a pretty meaningful impact on rendered animal fats and rendered animal fats pricing. I know you guys are a large render in the chicken operations. I’m curious, one, how you think you’re positioned relative to that bigger picture structural demand driver? And two, if you can comment on how actively you are involved in being a feedstock provider to any producers?
Dean Banks: Sure, a few things there. Rendering is a fantastic part of our business and gives us certainly some improved margins that we can make full use of whatever animals are entrusted into our care. It also gives us a lot of flexibility in production. So, the purchase of API that we made a few years ago has turned out to be great for the business. You may also know that we’ve made an investment in a joint venture with Jacob Stern in our Beef and Pork business to take a lot of the byproduct and make that ready and more ready for renewable diesel. That’s a great partnership and progressing well. We do see strong demand for all of the animal byproducts that could be going into that space, and we think it’s a promising part of the business.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, I guess, just continuing on the Chicken business, and I’m just trying to make sure I’m thinking about the moving pieces here properly. Is the outlook, the revised outlook for profit to be down year-on-year, is that solely a function of grain? Is there some of the absorption of the incremental COVID costs? Has your underlying productivity kind of expectations changed in a material way, kind of thoughts on mix? I’m just trying to make sure I understand how the view has evolved since you gave the outlook in November and maybe find your plan in some of those buckets?
Dean Banks: Like I said in the previous answer, we are investing heavily in getting that business back on track. And we do expect foodservice recovery to help with some of the historical deleveraging we’ve seen there as we convert business from back to foodservice. Stewart, do you want to add anything?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. That would be great. Look, in the presentation, we shared with you some specifics on where we’re working in Chicken. We wanted you to be clear that we understand where the challenges are and where we are making changes. With respect to the change in forecast, you’re right. I mean, the biggest change is grains. I mean, the change in pricing in grains has been nothing less than enormous. And that is going to weigh on the business. So, that’s a simple -- the easiest answer.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That’s all very helpful. And then, as we think about maybe beyond this year, I’m just -- with the grain environment is what it is, those things will work themselves out one way or the other, either pricing in the industry will move higher over time, or [indiscernible] actually will get back into surplus at one day [ph]. Help me think, has the view on kind of through-cycle profitability in the Chicken business changed, or how do you think about kind of where the opportunity really is? I mean, the business has had been in a lot of different places from a profitability perspective in the last five, seven years. And I think we’re all kind of struggling to calibrate a little bit where the portfolio is currently structured can really get to in a normal market environment, when it’s executing properly?
Dean Banks: Yes. I think, we described before that we do expect the operational improvements that we’re making to materialize in the second half of the year and really, really show up in 2022. Again, with being one of the largest poultry businesses in the world, it takes some time to get those operational improvements back on track. We put Donnie King in place have a very strong team there that are really on top of the things that we know that we need to improve to be where we want to be. The long-term supply demand dynamics in the classic poultry cycles, I’m not necessarily going to comment on. But, I will say that our ability to value up our portfolio into our retail businesses and to add features and attributes that bring new households into our brands and into our poultry business, like you’ve seen with Air Fried are nothing short of exceptional. I think, that gives us a real advantage in the future to expand upon -- to make the business not only competitive, but winning in the space.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Maybe to pivot a little bit to Prepared Foods. The slide, I think it’s 15 in the deck is helpful in understanding kind of some of the input costs and understanding that maybe as foodservice comes back, there’s a little bit of a negative mix. But, I wanted to shift the conversation to pricing ability there within Prepared Foods maybe on the retail side, as you’re seeing these levels of inflation. Is there anything you’ve done or anything you’ve seen in your internal research that would say, consumer elasticities are different this time around, whether it’s due to higher savings rates or people being stuck at home, even in a post-COVID world that do you feel like your ability to pass along pricing in Prepared Foods this time might be easier, just given some of the dynamics of the consumer that have changed? And then, I have a follow-up as well.
Dean Banks: I would say that we do see higher consumer interest in spending on food. I think, that’s benefited a couple of our businesses. Prepared Foods is one, Beef is another, just very, very strong demand. And again, our flexibility from retail to foodservice is going to allow us to step in and meet consumers wherever they are. Some of the costs that we incur, we can happily pass along to customers, some we can’t, and we do see rising input costs there. But, we’re very, very well positioned with the portfolio to meet consumers where they are and make sure that we’re able to take care of them.
Peter Galbo: Okay. And maybe just one on Chicken and maybe to ask Adam’s question in a bit of a different way. Looking at the three kind of pillars you guys have outlined for improving Chicken, I mean, those are all helpful from our perspective. But, I guess, what’s tough is it’s hard for us to view this from an outside perspective and understand if things are actually going right underlying. So, is there any way for us to track how these improvements are going from an external basis or anywhere you would want to steer for us to know that you’re on the right track?
Dean Banks: I’d say that what you can do is take a look at our historical financial performance, see where we’re going. A lot of the market indicators related to our retail product performance is indicative of us being able to gain customer traction there. And then, you can probably look back at the historical foodservice performance with some rough estimates and see that when we pick up foodservice, when that volume comes back, and we can pick our volume back up that the operational improvements that we put in place are going to help us deleverage -- or fix the deleverage and operate at a higher level.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. And Megan, welcome. I wanted to ask about the Beef guidance improvement. I know, it’s not officially quantitative, but the tone is better. And I just wanted to ask how much of that is from underlying fundamentals getting a little bit better versus the change in comp period results and the gain from your cattle supplier issue. I just wanted a sense of what the underlying, I guess, dynamics are there?
Dean Banks: Generally, the dynamics are very good for the business, and the team is managing those dynamics extremely well. There’s very strong demand in really all channels, including exports. And from a supply perspective, it’s really clear that we’ve seen a slight downtick of about 1% in breeder stock, but the cattle supply remains strong for the business. And as we’ve said before, it’s a spread business. So, the operational component, the teams are nailing and the dynamics for the industry are actually looking attractive.
Ken Goldman: Thanks. And then, my follow-up is, a little more than 10 years ago, grain prices were even more volatile than they are now, at the time chicken industry reacted in part by changing some of its pricing dynamics. So, I think some agreements went from once a year to maybe adjusting a few times a year. I know you have dozens of pricing mechanisms and agreements, it’s probably understanding it. But in general, do you have the desire, the ability to amend some of your contracts, so when you get a little bit closer to cost-plus across the board in chicken or something effectively like that? I guess, the reason I’m asking is, I think the stocks multiple sometimes is held back by unpredictability. And the more that you not have to worry about grain because there’s an adjustment mechanism for your chicken prices, the but better. Just curious about your thoughts along those lines.
Dean Banks: Yes. There’s a variety of mechanisms that we use in managing input costs. We’ve talked about the hedging and forward strategy, where when we sign agreements, we do try to lock in the price for those agreements to fix the margin. As it relates to market pricing, as we’ve described before, there is a lot of different mechanisms, some cost-plus some market based, et cetera. I can’t really give any input on how we would consider changing pricing mechanisms, for obvious reasons.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: My first question is, you said that 60% of your capital spending is going to growth. In an environment where you’re a little struggling with your operational efficiencies, particularly in Chicken, why not dedicate more resources to that to ensure the margin structure gets to where you want to be on an operational basis rather than focus on growth. Just a philosophical question, I guess.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, I wouldn’t necessarily conflate those two things. I think, first of all, on the chicken side, all resources that are necessary to help bring that business back are being deployed there. So, absolutely no shortage of investment there. But, when you look across the portfolio, there are a number of places where we have opportunity to grow our business by adding capacity. You think about our case-ready plant that is opening in Utah, we’ve got a number of opportunities in Prepared Foods. And we recognize that unless we put money ahead to meet that capacity, we’re going to be in a place where we miss out on sales.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then, my follow-up question is, what is your ability to realize the higher pricing in chicken? It sounds like -- I understand the feed cost side, even the operational side, but it sounds like we’re seeing breast prices move. We’re seeing leg prices move. Wing prices are pretty substantially higher. And yet, it doesn’t seem like you’re fully incorporated. Is it just because of the contracts have to kind of get through, and we’ll start to see that by the end of the year or into next year? How are you about that? Just the realization of pricing seems a little bit more delayed than I would have thought.
Dean Banks: We are obviously gaining from the market prices. We do have some buy versus growth strategy where we do buy some breast meat in the market, et cetera. I can’t really comment on pricing looking forward. So, I can’t comment.
Stewart Glendinning: Ken, the only thing I’d say is that, to Dean’s earlier comments, we have a wide range of pricing mechanisms. Some of those are, as we’ve shared in the past, fixed over a longer period of time. Clearly, those are not going to move as quickly. Others are spot, and we’ll respond quickly as the market rises. I wouldn’t discount, obviously, the fact that -- my earlier point, which is that the move in grains is pretty substantial. And I wouldn’t overlook either the increase in transportation costs that we’re seeing in the marketplace. So, it’s -- there is a number of factors there that are going to play out in the P&L.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Hey. Good morning, Dean and Stewart. And thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on surprisingly strong quarter. Quick -- two quick ones. So, first of all, within the broader concept of Chicken and obviously your investments in new plants. So, just to understand and if you could maybe reiterate what you said about three months ago. So, clearly, there’s still going to be the start-up cost to consider, right? And that’s part of your guidance, just to be clear, what you said three months ago to have this properly reflected in the model. Is that correct?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. That’s correct. I will just give you a little bit of update on that. I did say at the time that I thought that the start-up in Humboldt was going to cost about $100 million. That’s coming in a little less expensively now, and we think it’s going to run about $75 million in the year.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. That’s a good update. And then, just following up a little bit on the Beef segment and what you came to obviously there. And I mean, it really looks like it’s going to a very profitable year. But, how do you think about the Beef business more in the medium term? I mean, clearly, it’s been on a profitable basis and on a strong run rate over the last couple of years now. Last year was by far, exceptional, you expect another very, very strong year in ‘21 with the updated guidance. But, where do you think this is going to turn out more like a normalized run rate? How do you think cattle suppliers are going to work through? And where do you think there might be a little bit of a headwind, if grain prices were to stay high, to reflect also maybe higher cattle prices, and how can you prepare for that?
Dean Banks: So, we do see that cattle -- while greater stock is a slight downtick and could decline over time, herd supplies are actually still very, very strong into the foreseeable future. And what is also quite good for the business is that demand is very strong. And so, we feel like the business is positioned good for the long term. We’re not setting long-term margin guidance for the business, but we feel like the dynamics do look positive into the foreseeable future.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: So, coming back to the Prepared Foods business, the margin obviously improved very nicely this time around. You mentioned that you pulled back on marketing spending. I’m just wondering, is that from -- assuming that that comes back, and I’d like to hear what your plans are for marketing spending going forward. Is that -- is this kind of the margin run rate that we might expect on that business, or is there still lumpiness that could play out there?
Dean Banks: A few things that I would just emphasize. You are correct that we will continue to reinvest in marketing and advertising as needed. There’s been such strong demand and outstripping production in many ways. And so, we’ve pulled that cost back for the time being. It will ultimately return, we won’t be getting projections necessarily on how much that will return to. The other thing to keep in mind is just from a mix perspective, we’ve been thrilled having consumers go to retail outlets in order to get our food. We will see foodservice recover. And from a mix perspective, that will come in probably at a slightly lower margin. And therefore, we do know that Prepared Foods will have some normalization as foodservice ultimately recovers with vaccination rollouts, et cetera.
Alexia Howard: Okay, great. And then, as a follow-up, on the Pork side of the business, can we talk about the strength of the export markets at the moment? You’ve talked about that in recent quarters, particularly given the African swine fever dynamic. As we see the swine herd in China, kind of get back to not quite normal levels, but moving in that direction, do you think that whole dynamic of African swine fever pushing up global pork prices is -- what innings are we in, I guess, is the question? Are we more than halfway through that at this point? I imagine we are.
Dean Banks: It’s hard to project, to be honest. We still hear reports of ASF in China. We also do know that they’re making aggressive measures to build a commercial herd there and making some progress towards that. We’ve seen global redistribution of protein related to ASF cases in Germany and Vietnam and others. That continues to play itself out generally positively. We see very strong demand for pork, which is helping offset some of the increase in hog prices. And so far, the business is performing well. Projecting ASF is very difficult. We’ve seen historically it to take decade plus to recover from ASF in certain markets. And so, we hesitate to call whether or not we’re halfway through that.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: I just wanted to get a flavor on the Pork side of the business. Are you doing anything in terms of trying to prepare for California’s Prop 12, which is supposed to take effect next year?
Dean Banks: So, we’re obviously aware of the legislation. We are looking at the impacts on the business, but otherwise can’t comment.
Michael Piken: Okay. And then, I guess, just kind of shifting gears over back to the Beef side a little bit. I know you mentioned that you think there’s going to be adequate availability of cattle. What are your expectations in terms of, as we progress through the year, in terms of kind of the cattle weights, the grading? And does that have any impact on your mix if weights come off between the choice-select, or is it relatively -- are you guys relatively indifferent, if there’s any changes in the way it’s kind of moving forward?
Dean Banks: Whether it’s weather or grains, we will always be looking for the most -- the high-value and the most valuable cattle in the market. It’s not really -- at this point, not really the time we can project out impacts from that, although our team has done a phenomenal job at buying in the marketplace and making sure that we get the right cuts, and we can put those out in the highest margin, highest value. We have invested substantially in our portion of business. We have capacity coming on line in a couple of places in this year next. And I think that’s going to actually continue to support both, Beef and Pork and those businesses as we continue to add value and really meet the customers where they want to buy and with the portions and pieces that they want.
Operator: And just to reiterate, is there time for one last question today?
Dean Banks: One last question.
Operator: Thank you. That question will be from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: I wanted to touch on the international piece of the business, and I guess, maybe understand how much, if any of the gross CapEx is there, is directed there? And where you see the biggest opportunities internationally, either from an organic growth perspective or potentially interest in M&A?
Dean Banks: As we’ve said before, the international markets are where we see the majority of protein demand growth coming from going forward. We’re really proud of our teams embracing the One Tyson concept and looking at how we can use our global footprint to take whether it’s a variety of meats in the U.S. and export those and have those valued up into the global marketplace. The acquisitions that we’ve made internationally are really helping us both in further processing product that’s exported from the U.S., but also in really taking advantage of synergies related to different skill sets, functions, innovation that we’ve established globally. So, the international business is a continued focus for ours. We’ll continue to invest capital from an organic perspective, and we are always looking for acquisitions. You’ve seen the recent announcements that we are partnering with Malayan Flour Mills. There’ll be more deals like that and others to come.
Stewart Glendinning: Only other thing I’ll just add on top too, specific on the CapEx, Michael, is we have announced investments in plants in both Asia as well as in Europe. So, yes, specific money is going there to build out new capacity to meet the demand that we see.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That’s great. Thanks. And just a follow-up on the Jimmy Dean Plant-Based Patty. Could you just touch on some of your thinking using the Jimmy Dean brand with plant-based and what the consumer insights were behind that, and how you think about that launch?
Dean Banks: Sure. That brand has just tremendous value to the customer. And if you’ve been to a retail grocery store and look at the freezer, the breadth and depth of that portfolio resonates with just a variety of customers. Plant-based protein, not only do we have a phenomenal substrate or innovation there, but we think that that brings another customer to that freezer aisle and complements our business. And so, it was a very thoughtful approach, and you’ll see more of that to come.
Michael Lavery: And so, I think, you just alluded to this at the very end, but there’ll be -- we should look for more plant-based options to come as well?
Dean Banks: Yes. Our investments in plant-based protein are continuing to show velocities and results that we would expect. So, we’ll continue to be investing in that area.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dean Banks for any closing remarks.
Dean Banks: Thanks again everyone for your interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you and your families stay healthy and safe. And we look forward to speaking to you all again soon. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year of 2020. On today’s call are Dean Banks, President and Chief Executive Officer and Stewart Glendinning, our Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today’s prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the Resource Center of the Tyson Investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events, such as Tyson’s outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business, including those listed in our 10-K filed this morning. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, November 16 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. A replay of today’s call will be available on our website approximately 1 hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today’s remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning’s press release. I will now turn the call over to Dean Banks.
Dean Banks: Thank you, Jon and many thanks to everyone listening for their interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you are all safe and healthy as we continue to navigate the pandemic. I am thankful for the efforts of everyone, of Tyson’s nearly 140,000 team members and wants you to know their health and safety remain our top priority. The dedication of our team members and the future of our business have me excited to be in my first earnings call as CEO. We have an exceptional leadership team with tremendous experience across protein production, consumer insights, innovation, technology and more and I am truly excited about the growth and success we will drive as a team. We have recently faced unprecedented and unfamiliar times, but our business is settling down and we are uniquely positioned to fulfill our long-term strategy. Our business performed well and delivered strong fourth quarter and full year results. Our team members, agricultural partners and customers have shown resilience. This has enabled us to maintain and accelerate our efforts to provide global consumers with a safe and accessible food supply. Before we talk about fourth quarter results, I would like to cover our team’s accomplishments over the last 12 months. At the onset of the pandemic, we launched an internal task force to address the virus. We made substantial investments in our personal protective equipment, social distancing safeguards and other increased health and safety measures across our business. We have seen a dramatic reduction in active cases involving our team members since last spring. In an effort to stay ahead of the virus, we have launched a new industry leading monitoring strategy that involves weekly testing of a sample of team members, which has so far proven to be invaluable. We had $540 million in direct incremental COVID-19 costs for the full year, including about $300 million of Thank you bonuses and other benefits paid directly to our team members for their efforts. We managed core expenses aggressively in an effort to partially offset the increased costs related to COVID-19. Our Beef and Pork segments both delivered a strong performance on the year while Prepared Foods showed positive momentum, including a continuation of share gains across many retail categories. Our core retail lines grew volume in every quarter of the fiscal year, up over 17% during the latest 52 weeks. Our chicken business is still performing below our long-term earnings expectations. While our Tyson frozen value-added and premium air-chilled products have performed strongly, other businesses have not. The biggest drivers of our underperformance are not having full staffing levels, a portion of which can be attributed to the ongoing effects of the coronavirus, operational execution and pricing. The majority of our improvement opportunity lies in reducing the mix and yield impacts of the three drivers I just mentioned and most of this is centered in a handful of our plants. The inefficiencies driven by reduced staffing levels and poor execution has translated to higher cost per pound. We expect progress toward these issues to face headwinds from absenteeism and other COVID-19 related complexities during the first half of the year. I remain hopeful that a vaccine and a gradual return to normalcy in the second half will result in a net improvement for the year. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to sustainable business practices and corporate social responsibility. Our efforts included the following: enhancing our framework to promote equity, inclusion and diversity in the workplace, including $5 million in committed donations to organizations that are advancing the cause of lasting change; our work to verify sustainable cattle production practices on more than 5 million acres of grazing land in the largest beef transparency program in the U.S.; record protein donations across the country; and the development in recently announced Forest Protection Standard to reassert that we have virtually no deforestation risk across our global supply chain. In the alternative protein space, we bolstered the company’s offerings under the Raised & Rooted brand, while extending our retail presence to 10,000 stores in less than a year, entering the quick-service restaurant channel and launching products in Europe. Over the past year, we have seen our plant-based offerings’ retail sales increase over 250% and we are excited to build on this momentum alongside our customers as we meet evolving consumer demand for years to come. Now, let’s discuss some high level takeaways from our fourth quarter. In the U.S., the pandemic continue to drive higher levels of retail demand and overall lower levels of foodservice volume. While quick-service restaurants are close to or better than pre-COVID levels, full service restaurants continue to operate at about 80% of normal with wide variations by geography, while schools and cafeterias are operating at levels significantly below normal. These channel impacts, as well as higher levels of absenteeism, increased the cost and complexity of our operations. Europe has a similar operating environment as the U.S., while our Asian businesses are almost back to normal. The continued strength of at-home consumption is driving historically high retail and e-commerce sales and Tyson is winning. Our retail core business lines experienced their ninth straight quarter of share growth and continue to outperform the top 10 food manufacturers. Volumes in these lines were up nearly 15% during the latest 13 weeks, leading to nearly 2 percentage points in volume share growth during that period. As consumers increasingly shifted towards little or no contact buying methods during the pandemic, we experienced e-commerce sales growth of 99% on a full year basis and 126% in the fourth quarter compared to last year. With this growth, Tyson’s online sales penetration through its e-commerce channel partners is now estimated at over $1 billion and we expect continued relevance of this channel moving forward. The company experienced solid results during the fourth quarter driven by strong operating income performances in our Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods businesses. The performance of these segments offset lower results in our chicken business. In total, we delivered almost $1 billion of operating income for the fourth quarter in spite of the negative impacts of $200 million associated with COVID-19. This represents an operating income improvement of $275 million versus Q4 of 2019, an increase of almost 40%. Our Prepared Foods business delivered strong Q4 results. Our brands and products continue to resonate with consumers as demonstrated by our track record of share growth, nine quarters in a row. We have a balanced mix of distribution channels, giving us a resilient business model that’s able to effectively react to external factors, including obstacles caused by COVID-19. Improved operational execution as well as lower commercial spend, also helped to drive strong Q4 results. We are also pursuing SKU rationalization and optimization opportunities across our production network. Our beef and pork businesses continue to be an important part of our company’s portfolio strategy. They generated very strong returns during the quarter, enabling investments in key value-added and international growth initiatives across our business. The Beef segment delivered solid earnings as the cut-out margin remained strong, while live cattle prices driven by plentiful supplies remained relatively low. This was set against the backdrop of continued strong consumer demand. Our operational performance recovered substantially from the early COVID-19 impacts and volumes were up 31% versus the third quarter. Exports have also been strong for our Beef segment, which serve as a way for us to optimize all parts of the animal, including products that aren’t traditionally consumed within the American diet. We expect to see continued adequate cattle supplies during fiscal 2021. The Pork segment also delivered very strong earnings during the quarter, despite a narrowing of the spread as hog costs increased and the cut-out came down. The hog supply remained strong, while our plants faced less disruption and produced significantly improved volumes versus Q3. The plentiful conditions we have seen in the hog supply are beginning to moderate as a result of the industry’s ongoing recovery, but we expect adequate supplies in the near-term. In an effort to support the independent hog farmers who rely on us for consistent and reliable outlet for their livestock, we have worked hard to safely maximize our processing capacity. African swine fever has persisted overseas moving into Germany’s wild boar population. This infection quickly led to certain nations banning German pork exports, which we expect to create incremental global demand for U.S. pork. We are beginning to see some level of herd rebuilding in China, but we agree with industry analysts that a complete recovery may depend on eradication of ASF and/or the success of a commercial grade vaccine. Our view is that full recovery could still be a multi-year event. Until this occurs, we expect to see a continued redistribution of global pork supplies. Within the U.S., export demand has increased at a pace that has helped to offset increased pork supplies domestically. This demand has been supportive of hog prices, which is critical for U.S. independent hog farmers. Our Q4 chicken results improved sequentially compared to the third quarter as we saw some recovery in our operations and experienced lower COVID-19 costs. However, the results were not better than our prior year as a number of the challenges which I outlined earlier are still with us. Having said that, we have seen tremendous performance within our branded retail value-added poultry lines, including more than 24% volume growth during the quarter with simultaneous volume and dollar share gains. The impacts of COVID-19 on channel volumes and operating efficiency resulted in net negative volumes for the quarter and higher operating costs. We also saw a dramatic softening of the late quarter market during the quarter, which has since leveled out. As I mentioned, we are aggressively executing a variety of operational and supply chain efficiency programs to better position us for long-term competitiveness. Additionally, we are continually identifying ways to drive costs out of our structure, while remaining keenly focused on operational improvements and customer service. As COVID-19 related absenteeism rates have improved, although not yet back to historical levels, we are focused on the operational improvement programs mentioned in fiscal 2020. We still believe the original target of $200 million in cost savings as a result of these improvement initiatives is attainable. Our international portfolio continues to give us great opportunities for growth and synergy. Our view remains that the vast majority of global protein consumption growth will happen outside of the U.S. So we are positioning our company to meet that need. During the last quarter, we found new, profitable international outlets for U.S. based byproducts that would otherwise realize relatively low values domestically. By leveraging our U.S. based scale with our newly acquired and legacy international businesses, we have identified repeatable opportunities to margin up bulk export products into a convenient value-added and retail-ready format for international markets. The benefit of these value-added sales, which originate in our domestic business and are sold throughout our international network, is an example of how our One Tyson approach helps us meet global demand while enhancing the company’s margin structure. We will continue to seek out and leverage these and other synergistic opportunities across our global network as we expand abroad and continue to learn from consumers in these growing markets. We also recently announced our plans to build new production capacity in China and Thailand as well as expansion of our facility in the Netherlands. These initiatives will add substantial fully-cooked poultry capacity to our network, which will help us serve emerging markets and strategic customers. And last, we plan to accelerate our focus on initiatives to ensure a competitive cost structure moving forward, which includes optimizing organizational structures and other cost reduction activities. In summary, I am pleased by our fourth quarter performance and I am excited about our future. I would now like to turn the call over to Stewart to walk us through our Q4 financial performance and fiscal 2021 financial outlook.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you, Dean. As previously mentioned, our business performed well during Q4 and the full fiscal year, especially considering the external challenges facing our company. Now, please keep in mind that Q4 was a 14-week quarter because of the 53-week fiscal year, which is reflected in our GAAP results. The quarterly and annual adjusted results that we refer to throughout have the impact of the additional week removed for comparability purposes. We delivered operating income of $961 million during the quarter, up almost 40% versus Q4 ‘19 and $3.1 billion for the full year, up almost 5% versus last year, leading to a total company return on sales of 7.4%, up about 40 basis points versus last year. This strong performance resulted in a $1.81 of EPS for the quarter, an increase of approximately 50% versus Q4 ‘19 and $5.64 for the full year, up about 3% versus fiscal 2019. This performance was predicated on our flexible crushed protein portfolio that has shown great resiliency during recent periods of disruption to our industry and economy. Our Q4 results include a $75 million positive derivative impact, although on a full year basis, derivative values were relatively flat. We also incurred $200 million of direct COVID-19 costs during Q4 as we continue to prioritize team member health and safety and those costs have not been adjusted out of our results. The reactions from our team members to the investments and initiatives we have implemented to prevent the spread of COVID-19 have been resoundingly positive. Sales and volumes were both lower by about 2% versus Q4 ‘19 driven primarily by the effects of COVID-19, including reduced sales through the foodservice channel. Return on sales for the aggregate business came in at 9% for Q4 and average sales price was down less than 1% versus Q4 ‘19. Jumping into the specific segment results, our Prepared Foods segment delivered strong performance, including operating income of $236 million or 11.2% return on sales. Sales were down 1.8% and volumes were down 5.6% versus the comparable period as a result of retail strength offset by COVID-19 related weakness in foodservice. Operating income improvements were driven by reduced commercial spending, lower commodities and operational improvements, including the benefits of lower write-downs versus last year. The Chicken segment delivered operating income of $91 million, generating a 2.9% return on sales. These results include a $45 million gain from derivative adjustments during the quarter. Sales were down 7.5% and volumes were 5.4% lower versus the comparable period last year, driven in large part by the effects of COVID-19, including lower foodservice volumes. We were impacted by both channel shift as well as operational issues resulting from the pandemic. As Dean outlined in his prepared remarks, we continue to face challenges in our Chicken segment, but remain committed to take the actions necessary to return us to top quartile performance. Beef segment operating income was $483 million during the quarter, generating a return on sales of 12.2%. Sales were up 2.7% and volumes were up 3.8% versus Q4 ‘19 driven principally by the lower comparable figures last year due to lower production capacity as a result of the fire at our Finney County processing facility. We don’t anticipate these levels of profitability to persist into the remainder of fiscal 2021, but still expect the Beef business to deliver strong results going forward. Pork operating income was $162 million in the fourth quarter, representing a return on sales of 12.8%. Sales were up 1% and volumes were up almost 7% versus the comparable period last year driven primarily by strong consumption of pork products in both domestic and international markets. Gross margin and volume improvements completely offset higher operating costs to deliver year-over-year adjusted operating income growth of $135 million. Our international business, as Dean mentioned, continues to demonstrate great growth and synergy prospects. This business has now been profitable for the past 2 years, which sets the stage for strong future performance. We will continue to focus on growth opportunities and seek out additional synergy opportunities using our “One Tyson” framework to increase the value of our international output across the portfolio. Moving on to broader financial performance highlights. Year-to-date operating cash flows were $3.9 billion on a 53-week basis. Our balance sheet and leverage ratios continue to strengthen, driven by gross debt de-leveraging and an increasing liquidity position as a result of strong cash flows. We repaid almost $700 million of bond maturities during the quarter and our ending liquidity, which was higher than we would have originally anticipated, due to strong operating cash flows, was $3.2 billion. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA for the quarter ended at 2.3x, which included the negative effects of our direct COVID-19 costs. Net interest expense totaled $123 million during the quarter. Our effective tax rate was 21.6% in the fourth quarter and weighted average shares outstanding were approximately 364 million. Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter came in at $292 million, while depreciation and amortization totaled $316 million. Our crushed protein portfolio strategy provides us with a counter-cyclical effect during periods of weakness in specific protein markets. This differentiated capability allows us to both grow and stabilize the company’s aggregate earnings over time, and has contributed to a strong annual operating CAGR over time. Our base protein businesses have continued to generate strong returns and cash flows that will fuel our value-added and international growth into the future. And finally, last week, our Board approved an increase to our annual dividend of $0.10 per share. This increases our annual dividend to $1.78 per share. I’d now like to walk through our financial guidance as we look ahead into the balance of fiscal 2021. About halfway through our first quarter and our businesses are off to a good start. We expect annual revenues of $42 billion to $44 billion. With our strong pipeline of organic growth opportunities, we expect CapEx spending of between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion. The majority of this spending will be toward previously announced capacity additions in our Beef, Chicken, Prepared Foods and International businesses, as we focus on strategic organic growth plans. We expect to manage liquidity in excess of our historical target of $1 billion, and we will continue to focus on de-leveraging with over $500 million of notes maturing during the fiscal year. Our effective tax rate is expected to approximate 23%. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $440 million. COVID costs are expected to be lower on a run rate basis than the fourth quarter, although, we expect PPE and employee-related payments, amongst other costs, to continue while COVID infections remain active. Although it’s still very early and a host of factors could impact the accuracy of our assumptions, including the duration of the pandemic, we’re currently anticipating approximately $330 million of COVID costs for the fiscal year. I want to stress that this is a point-in-time estimate, based on what we know currently, and the health and safety of our employees is our top priority. Some of the direct costs we’ve experienced as a result of COVID-19 have been transient, while others could be structural, specifically regarding team member wages in certain production locations. Because of this, we expect some increased labor costs as we strive to attract and retain talent in the competitive labor markets where we operate. This competition for labor is not only with other meat processes, but with a range of companies hiring similarly skilled people. As 2021 progresses, we will have a better sense of which costs are likely to continue over the longer term. Our new plant in Humboldt will commence operations this year and, as is normal with plant startups, we will incur substantial ramp-up costs. Despite the challenges we’ve experienced, our countercyclical multi-protein business model across brands, channels, categories and geographies, puts us in a good position as we orient our portfolio toward future growth. As Dean mentioned, we are proud of our team’s accomplishments during the fourth quarter and are excited about how our performance sets us up for the balance of fiscal 2021. Our balance sheet liquidity, scale and portfolio of businesses differentiate Tyson from other food companies and position us for long-term growth as we execute against our strategic plan with a constant focus on maximizing long-term shareholder value. I would like to now turn the call back over to Dean to discuss broader fiscal ‘21 business outlook and closing remarks. Dean?
Dean Banks: Thank you, Stewart. We have a bright future ahead and we remain committed to navigate the risks and market based factors that we may face, especially in the current environment. We will prepare for, and respond to those risks to the best of our ability just as we have always done. With respect to our view on the business and operating environment, as we look ahead into the balance of fiscal 2021, we expect consumption behavior will continue to orient towards meals at home. Unless the current wave causes widespread shutdowns, we would expect to see a continuing gradual recovery in foodservice volume throughout the year. This is, of course, dependent on the extent of the pandemic spread within our communities, the broad availability of a vaccine and any local or federal regulatory restrictions. As we look across our businesses, we are evaluating where we can utilize automation and technology in our work that will enable more efficient and effective collaboration and operations. Grain futures for 2021, has strengthened recently due to diminishing U.S. production prospects from earlier in the season and record high demand in China. Prices have been further supported by unfavorable weather and competing crop producing countries and could result in overall grain costs being higher for 2021. Remember, our previous guidance that a $0.10 per bushel move in corn or a $10 per ton move in soybean meal translates to an approximately $25 million change to cost of goods sold. The trade environment continues to present uncertainty, especially considering this year’s elections and the potential implications that may have on trade policy. We recently observed higher freight costs due to limited driver availability and mix-related load and efficiencies that are exploring opportunities to mitigate and offset this trend. This is in addition to the challenges we mentioned earlier around ensuring full staffing in our plants. Beef and Pork segment margins are expected to moderate toward more historical levels as industry capacity, live animal supplies and finished goods inventories equilibrate, although we still expect these businesses to generate healthy returns. At the same time, we expect stronger performances from our Prepared Foods and Chicken businesses as we sharpen our focus on cost reduction and operational improvement. We also expect that when the virus recedes, our ability to drive business improvements will accelerate. In closing, our business performed well during an unprecedented time. Our team displayed resilience when consumers, more than ever, needed access to a stable and accessible food supply. While we will continue to face pandemic-related challenges in fiscal 2021, we are settling the business down to be focused on executing our long term strategy of generating strong returns for shareholders. I am excited for the opportunities ahead for this great company, and I am certain, we have the people, products and strategies in place to drive future growth. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we’re ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Dean Banks: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Dean, you were quoted in the media yesterday regarding your COVID prep and you talked a little bit about it today. I did just want to clarify a little bit. Just given how quickly the virus is spreading, how do you think about how do you prepare for increased risks of labor shortages in the next couple of months, not just because of actual illness, but also because of workers may be afraid of getting a little sick? And I guess on a tangential note, are you seeing any short-term demand upticks for your products as consumers maybe pull some orders forward a little bit?
Dean Banks: Sure, Ken. First and foremost, our team member safety has been our top priority and we have taken a tremendous amount of forward-looking action to make sure that we are prepared so that when they come into work everyday, they not only feel safe but they look around and see variety of precautions that we have taken to protect them. So, you have seen some announcements that we have made around hiring of nurses in our facilities. That was in anticipation of what we are seeing today and for fear that, that actually could manifest itself. We have posted a position for Chief Medical Officer, which we are close on. And I would say that the most important aspect of our preventative measures was this has been, how we have acted upon the availability of testing with what we are calling our always-on testing strategy where we are sampling team members as they come in and making sure that we can identify what’s going on both in the public numbers and the community, but also what we are seeing from our team members coming into the plants and that’s just been tremendously invaluable and getting them comfort that they are not at risk of catching anything. And then I would say that it’s also been invaluable to the communities in which we operate. You might have seen an article that came out a few weeks ago in Storm Lake, where a former state health official cited that the county in which we operate actually had lower COVID numbers and she attributed that to how we are acting with our monitoring and testing strategy, much like we anticipated the need for masks early in the first wave of the crisis and chartered a plane to take proactive aggressive action to get precaution for our team members – precautionary protections for our team members. I’d say, in this crisis, we have been – in the second wave, we have been preparing all along and you can see that in our expenses. From a demand perspective – from a demand labor perspective, from a labor perspective, I would say that we, as Stewart mentioned in his comments, we have been bonusing our team members and just saying thank you. We know that they have options for where they go and we want Tyson Foods to be a place where they can come to work and thrive everyday.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. That is clear. And then quick follow-up from me, you are well into the first quarter already. I know you are hesitant to talk about 2021 for understandable reasons. But is there anything we can understand maybe even directionally about how the quarter is progressing so far? Are there any unusual factors we should consider when we model just so we kind of avoid any surprises or any unnecessary surprises, so to speak?
Dean Banks: Yes, we are not going to be able to preannounce or anything like that. But what I would say is that we are expecting beef and pork to ultimately, through 2021, normalize. I would say, when you are thinking about those two businesses, specifically, from a pork perspective, hogs are coming in at weight now, so we think we have worked through some portion of the backlog, while there may still be some out there. We do expect adequate supplies through the year. In beef, cattle are still coming in quite a bit overweight and so we are seeing that there is quite a bit of backlog and ample supply certainly for the year to come. Chicken, as you have seen through the reports, we are aggressively pursuing operational improvements and you have seen the leadership change we have made there, about complementing Chad Martin and his exceptional leadership with Donnie King, who is an industry veteran leading the business. That’s going to take some time. Recovering chicken is going to be a long effort. We have got a handful of plants that are just not operating operational efficiently. And then the variability related to the crisis and what’s happening in foodservice in some of those plants is just continuing to make that challenging, but we are working hard to make the operational improvements we need. And Prepared Foods has been performing strong. We are very proud of the work that they are doing there. And much like the other parts of the business, we really need foodservice to come back online for that business to be everything that we know it can, but the ability of the team to flex between retail and foodservice has been phenomenal.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you so much.
Dean Banks: No problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Theurer: Yes, thank you very much, Dean, Stewart, good morning and congrats on the results.
Dean Banks: Thanks, Ben.
Ben Theurer: So the first question, I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the outlook for 2021, just following up Ken’s question. Obviously, there is a lot you cannot preannounce, but just to understand a little bit the dynamics, because it seems like your sales guidance at least looks for something like slightly negative to maybe 3.5% to 4% in growth on an adjusted basis. So, that looks rather cautious if we just consider the significant decline we had in the third quarter of 2020 and your fiscal quarter. So, is that really because you still think there is a lot of headwind in foodservice from COVID? So just to elaborate a little bit on the dynamics and in terms of top line amongst the different segments, that would be much appreciated?
Dean Banks: Yes. Ben, I would love to be able to give you some guidance, but as you have seen, if we have started giving any direction a month and a half ago, they have been wrong. The COVID impacts and increases are continuing with shutdowns both in our domestic and in some international markets. And we are just not able to – we are not able to guide at this point.
Ben Theurer: Okay. And then my second question if you could just quickly go into the chicken segment and the operating inefficiencies, if you want to call it that way. Where do you think you stand on addressing those? And you said just moments ago that this will take obviously time, but how do you think about the progression and the way to address those inefficiencies? Just putting for a moment aside, COVID, I know there is a lot of uncertainty around it. But if that would not be a headwind, how do you feel about the ability to address those inefficiencies and get those operating margins into a more reasonable level just by what is in your hands to be addressed?
Dean Banks: I won’t be able to give a ton of specifics, but as you know, we have put out guidance before that we were going after about $200 million in operational improvements in the chicken business before the crisis. And as we reported, we were making good progress on that. And then as you rightly point out, COVID really affected quite a bit of that. We are still making improvements everyday. Our leaders are in our plants looking for inefficiencies and looking for the ways that we can get those plants running full again and back on track. But as far as recovering that full $200 million, there will be some value in the recovery from COVID in foodservice and getting our plants back up to full operational capacity. But we are not waiting on that much like you have seen in the past, the shift from foodservice to retail. We have done that where we can. We have also maintained flexibility to support our fast growing QSR partners who are even surpassing their original sales with their progress in drive-thru and take-out. And so it is going to take some resolution in COVID for us to really make the growth and expansion there we want, but we are not waiting for that. We are taking aggressive steps as we speak.
Stewart Glendinning: Ben, it’s Stewart. Just one other thing just to add to that, I mean, look, the good news here is the teams are razor sharp on what needs to be done to move that business to first quartile. One thing just to keep in mind from the modeling and I mentioned in my comments is that Humboldt will come online later this year. That’s great. It’s going to give us more capacity, but it will come with some increased costs and you could think for modeling purposes, that’s going to be a little less than $100 million, probably more weighted to the back half of the year than to the front, but it’s a meaningful number.
Ben Theurer: Okay. That was very helpful. Thank you very much, Stewart and Dean. Thanks. Congrats. I’ll leave it here.
Dean Banks: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. Can you hear me okay?
Dean Banks: We can, Alexia. Go ahead. Thank you.
Alexia Howard: Perfect, okay. Can I ask about you mentioned the trends on the foodservice side of the business with the QSRs doing pretty much business as usual and then full service restaurants only operating at 80% and schools, etcetera are pretty hard hit. Can you give us an idea of how your foodservice sales breakdown in each of those channels just so that we can get an idea of how exposed you are to each of those trends? And then I have a follow-up.
Dean Banks: No, we are not going to be able to break those down anymore specifically. I would even cite just so you read of the situation that some of our QSR partners are actually surpassing previous volumes, which is really exciting to see for them and that’s changing quite dynamically. So, we won’t be able to give any additional direction related to how that breaks down.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Alexia, best data I can give you is suggest that you take a look at the 10-K which we filed this morning. If you go back in the segment data there, you will find some breakout, maybe not quite what you are asking for, but it will be – at least give you a sense of what went through foodservice last year and what’s going through there now, about $1 billion lower on a $12 billion. Keep in mind also when you look at that data, that’s 53-week data for ‘20 and not 52-week data.
Alexia Howard: Okay. I will go take a look. And secondly, you did feature the plant-based part of the portfolio in the prepared remarks and you mentioned I think 10,000 outlets on the retail side plus getting into the QSR channel as well. Can you give us an idea of how large that business is? I know, it was only launched last summer, so it’s early days, but some idea of how big it is and what the momentum looks like right now on that part of the business. Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Dean Banks: Yes, I’ll comment on the word momentum. It’s got quite a bit of momentum. We have – some of the SKUs are really surpassing expectations related to velocity. And as you saw, we’ve expanded to a significant number of retail stores. You may have also seen the announcement just recently that we are kicking off a pilot with Jack in the Box. We’re thrilled about that and our progress there in a variety of prospects with the business. We’ll not give any specifics on the size, but we’re thrilled with the investment and the momentum that we’ve had.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Dean Banks: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Dean Banks: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Dean, just given your comments yesterday and some of the comments today around COVID, with cases climbing, I guess, one of the concerns is that plants are remaining open at this point because of the current administration’s executive order. So I guess the first part of the question is, have you had any discussions with the incoming administration about making sure that that maintains in place? And the second part of that is there any discussion going on at the higher level, so making sure that as these vaccines become available, that your frontline workers are kind of first in line to receive the vaccine just to maintain the supply chain?
Dean Banks: So I’ll stress one thing that we’ve really put team member safety first and as you saw through the previous waves, we have taken no hesitation to idle plants, whenever we think it’s the right thing to do to either do deep cleaning or mass testing or whatever was required. And so in this crisis, we are taking as many precautions as possible to make sure we’re keeping our team members safe and that results in them feeling safe coming to work and that results in us being able to keep our plants up and running and feeding the world. Related to vaccine availability, look, it’s too early to push forward and what that could ultimately look like. You have to consider distribution, obviously, side effect profile and a million other things when thinking about how that’s going to ultimately impact your business. And from a broader perspective, our business is operating through this climate very well. What I would say is that, whether it’s our balanced portfolio, whether it’s the protections that we’ve taken, the business has proven extraordinarily resilient, and we’ve heard from really every administration that they consider companies like Tyson and industries, specifically around food, to be mission-critical for the country. And I’m sure that if the vaccine is proving to be effective and safe and our team members decide that they want it for their own protections, then it will be made available.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Now, that’s very helpful. And Stewart, maybe just the comments that you made on freight and grain, I know that kind of the hedges you had in place in ‘20 on chicken were disadvantageous from a grain perspective. But just as grain has moved up, how should we think about those reversing into a more positive position if you’re more advantageously hedged? Thanks very much, guys.
Stewart Glendinning: Guys, I mean, we’ve got some detail on our K. I think the best thing to do is just to think broadly about the stats I gave you earlier for the following reason. I think the stats, I gave you sort of $0.10 on corn is $25 million $10 on soybean per ton is $25 million. So look at those. We’ve got more detail on the K. We ought to think about hedging and sort of ultimately following the basic trend. I mean, it’s going to create a lag. So as grain prices go up, our hedging will operate in such a way as to slow that increase in our numbers, but then you’ll get the opposite on the other side. So think about the curve, I mean, the curve that is distinctly upward, certainly, in the last month or so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Dean Banks: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. So, I guess, first, I want to come back to something like that mentioned in the prepared remarks and alluded to in one of the answers and it was taking – the idea of taking the Chicken business back to top quartile performance. And you – we can look at your – some of your public peers and kind of evaluate that, but there’s also meaningful mix differences in your business, given kind of your differences in bird class, the big prepared, kind of, fully-cooked operation that you have. So I’m just trying to think about how – as you would define top quartile performance in your Chicken business, given your mix, what does that actually mean?
Dean Banks: Yes, it’s certainly a good question, Adam. I’d say our businesses, specifically in Chicken, as you pointed out, it’s very mixed. So our retail value-added portfolio has performed just phenomenally through the crisis, up north of 24%. We’ve been thrilled with the market share gains there. And the other aspects of our business, whether it’s tray pack or fresh or small bird, they’re all competing and all being impacted in very different ways. Specifically, some of our business has been very strongly hit by daily sales being down through the crisis. And so we watch performance really on a business unit by business unit basis and some of the businesses that have been impacted, specifically the plants, due to mix and operational efficiency, that’s what we’re talking about in getting back up to top quartile performance on those that are underperforming in each of their given segments. I don’t think I’ll be able to give any more specific guidance than that.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then I wanted to just – trying to wrap up some of the comments on fiscal ‘21 a little bit, just go through some of the different pieces. So if I’m reading the guidance right, about $210 million of tailwinds today on COVID costs but that could change, $100 million or so of incremental costs related to Humboldt. If I would look at grain today, I would look at – take the sensitivity that you just gave, Stewart, and I would think that’s at least $150 million on a gross basis. Now, I know your pricing comps some of that, but gross $150 million or so. And then the freight, I didn’t catch the number in terms of what the headwind was. And then just any other kind of discrete kind of Tyson-controlled expenses or things you have line of sight to, that you can call out before we overlay the market kind of conditions?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, sure. So let me give you a couple of things. So, first of all, I wouldn’t necessarily say that COVID is necessarily the tailwind. Remember I gave you the $330 million, that is a number that is lower than this year, but keep a close eye on COVID because that’s a point-in-time estimate, and I wanted to make sure you’ve got that. But I accept that for the month, that’s a $200 million benefit. I’m afraid I didn’t give you a number, and I’m not going to give you some specific there, but it’s a – it’s some pressure on grain. The numbers you were just sort of talking about, that’s probably in the range. That’s going to vary, by the way, based on where the numbers – where the price goes. The only other one I would say that you don’t have in there, which we did call out during the prepared remarks is what happens with our picture on labor. And I did draw your attention to the fact that there are some locations where we are starting to see some wage pressures. We compete for labor, not just with other meat processors, but with a broad range of companies. And that’s going to take some time to figure that out. Again, the labor market’s seeing a lot of disruption from COVID, and we’ll see how much of that become structural versus temporal.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, I appreciate that color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks, good morning, guys.
Dean Banks: Good morning.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to follow-up on Adam’s questions around the guidance, and in particular, just on the revenue guidance that you guys provided for fiscal ‘21, and if you could give us a sense of the variability that’s incorporated from the bottom to the top end of the range, whether it’s variability in volume or price, and what that variability is predicated on, whether it’s related to COVID potential disruptions or lack thereof. And then along the same lines, of the $330 million of COVID costs that you gave, Stewart, I guess, if we see significant closures, absenteeism, if this year looks more like last year, how much better prepared are you guys, it sounds like a lot better prepared to mitigate the costs, recognizing that your top priority is safety? Just help us gauge those if you could?
Stewart Glendinning: Okay. So let me run through the questions in quickly. So first of all, on the top line, the big drivers for the top line and you pulled some of the items, I won’t break them out by percentage, but certainly price is going to be a big – it’s going to be a big one. That obviously has a fair bit of volatility, especially in our commodity meat businesses Pork and Beef, for sure. That’s going to move around. Keep in mind also that depending on how COVID goes, so will our foodservice volumes and that has an impact on our average pricing. So those are probably the biggest factors that you might be able to make some educated guesses on each of those. In terms of the COVID costs, yes, look, I mean some costs we incurred and they are sort of one-time. We put up all the barriers, we – initially masks were costing more, it was hard to fund. And so I think you’re going to find some of those costs, either one has to be repeated or maybe aren’t as difficult, but the variability is going to come with what we have to do on labor. We want to look after our employees. This is the number one priority for us. And so we will, first of all, deploy whatever is necessary from a testing or healthcare perspective. We will not give people any incentive to come to work if they are sick. You need to recognize that’s a cost. And then of course, last year, a big chunk of our costs was some of the "Thank you" bonuses that we paid to our frontline employees for coming during a very difficult time. And whether or not that has to be repeated will be dependent on the outcome of COVID. So, unfortunately, not an absolutely clear number but that’s because we’re not facing an absolutely clear set of circumstances.
Ben Bienvenu: Understood, understood. Thank you. My second question is related to the Prepared Foods business. And I know there is bifurcated results within this, but the retail is doing quite well. And I’m curious how you guys are thinking about product innovation in the midst of this operating environment. You talked about the SKU rationalization, as well and they may have been across your segments. But, any commentary you could talk about in terms of how you’re building that business for future growth as it relates to the new products and how we should be thinking about the pace of innovation?
Dean Banks: Sure. I’ll comment in a few ways. First off, we spent a good amount of time thinking about the e-commerce channel, which we see growing and how we package our foods to make sure that they’re more accessible, so click and collect, click and deliver, and that’s really paying dividends, as you saw in the results. We do see that even at the extensive COVID state, the consumers are really getting tired of cooking at home and making sure that we have ready-made foods or easy-to-cook or easy-to-prepare foods in our Prepared Foods business. That has also really benefited us through the crisis. Looking forward, we know that there is stickiness in click and collect, click and deliver, and so making sure that our products are even more amenable to that and we’ve looked at everything from preparation to packaging across the entire Prepared Foods franchise to make sure that as we start moving out of the crisis, we’re steady and ready to deliver in that business.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great, thanks. Congrats on the results and best of luck.
Dean Banks: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Piken: Yes, good morning. My first question was on chicken, there has been a little bit of a reduction in egg sets recently and I guess I’m just sort of wondering in terms of your business, should we be sort of tracking your commodity chicken piece sort of in line with those and how historically higher feed costs have maybe led to a little bit more rational chicken production. Like, how much are you sort of thinking about the volumes for your Chicken business and the potential pros and cons of potentially higher feed costs?
Dean Banks: We’re not going to be able to comment relative to industry. We’ll just talk about ourselves that when we are looking at running our facilities and running them efficiently and effectively, obviously, the way that we place eggs and the way that we deliver those businesses from an operational efficiency perspective, it really depends upon the markets and what’s going on, whether it’s foodservice having some cutbacks or whether it’s retail running away. We are always making adjustments to that and trying to do our best to run our plants full and efficient and effective. So we won’t be able to comment on how that is relative to industry. And related to...
Michael Piken: Okay. And then...
Dean Banks: Related to costs – sorry, I’ll finish the second part of your question related to input costs. As you know, some of our product ultimately goes out and prices at commodity spot markets, etcetera. Some of it is contractual where input costs ultimately pass through and some of it are fixed price that’s negotiated over time. So no real comment yet on how that’s playing out relative to what we’re placing and what we are delivering.
Michael Piken: Great. Yes. And then my follow-up was actually related to kind of the leg quarter market in exports. I guess, specifically, soft pork prices run up quite a bit about a month or two ago, and it seems like the export demand is improving for beef. Like, what is it going to take to churn chicken export market around, add some pause or are you seeing any signs of pick up, and if so, what markets? Thanks.
Dean Banks: Sure. You may have read, we have put a pretty significant amount into an initiative that we are calling One Tyson and complements to international folks that are listening and they’ve done an amazing job at really taking the byproduct of our domestic production and valuing that up in the international markets. And we have just seen tremendous success in that and also working with them to rationalize our export teams to make sure that we’re getting the best deployment efficiency of our products. And then our international markets are also consumers of our own leg quarters. And so we have got a lot of international further-processed capacity that we see, when prices come down, those businesses can deliver better margins. So we are doing everything we can to find full balance and optimization through the One Tyson network.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Dean Banks: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Could you just elaborate a little bit on ASF? And I know you mentioned some of the volume shifts sort of globally around the world that are being driven by that. But how much is your expected impact more likely that sort of volume reallocation versus a pricing lift? And how do you think about how that impacts what you are thinking on and planning for ‘21?
Dean Banks: I would say ASF is still a really dynamic situation. We have seen it dancing around Germany for some time and it’s shown up in the wild boar population. We are obviously, looking at, as I mentioned, a global shift of production distribution. What we are seeing, obviously, a continued increased demand from China and other export markets that were serviced by Germany. But as you can imagine, the rebalancing component does mitigate some of that and make it so that the German exports end up landing somewhere else, but otherwise were fulfilled by other markets – were filled by other markets. And so, generally, ASF is not gone, and until there is a vaccine, we don’t expect it to be gone. We know that all countries are bracing and doing a lot to try to mitigate. China is obviously aggressively trying to fill that hole. We have seen a variety of efforts there. And I would say it’s going to continue to impact our business, especially our protein portfolio for some time. Because of the counter balancing effects of each of our proteins, there will be continued demand globally the more and more ASF is impacting the markets. But it’s not going away anytime soon.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that’s helpful. And just a quick follow-up on the plant-based business is the 10,000 stores around where you had expected to be or has COVID and maybe shelf resets being delayed impacted that where we should expect some upside to that? How does that look maybe going ahead?
Dean Banks: Well, I would say, from a retail perspective, we have seen the uplift in our alternative protein portfolio much like we have in other parts of our business and that’s been encouraging both from a placements perspective and from a velocity perspective. The place where, I think, all new product launches, maybe except for chicken sandwiches, have been impacted is in foodservice. And so we have actually – obviously, very interested in the foodservice environment for alternative proteins. You have seen the recent announcements again with Jack in the Box, and we are excited about that set of portfolios. But we have not – we have seen foodservice players revert a little bit back to kind of staple menu items and consolidating menu items through the crisis so they can get people through their drive-thrus and through their take-out more efficiently and effectively.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, couple of questions. One is I am a little surprised how difficult it is to estimate the duration of the backlog of cattle for the Beef segment. Dean, can you tell me, like what are your analysts telling you in terms of like how long that could take? How long do you expect to be having higher weight cattle running through and what makes it challenging to estimate it? And then my last question is, I was reading the Wall Street Journal article that you were in about the COVID response. It says that you had tested half your employees. Is there any reason you didn’t go forward and have tests for all employees at the plants, what’s the pros and cons of that? Thanks.
Dean Banks: Sure, Rob. I will go ahead and take your first question first. So I would say that it’s worth just pointing out that in a volatile uncertain COVID environment, the hesitation you are seeing in our pace and velocity in moving through the cattle backlog is like the – the analysts are probably likely expressing just as much uncertainty on the ability to produce as really being able to estimate what’s going on in the field. We see adequate cattle supplies for a year-plus out, and we think that’s healthy for our business and we are going to be able to operate and thrive through that. And so probably just seeing hesitance in projecting forward for fear that there could be further shutdowns and that sort of thing and not knowing the precautions that we have taken to ensure we’re going to be able to do what we can to provide adequate production and supply. Related to the COVID response, we have a multi-pronged testing strategy where we are sampling our team members looking for evidence of what’s going on in the community, and we see a community spike, we will obviously look at close contacts and then maybe test an entire plant population. You had asked about the trade-offs of testing. Early in the crisis, we made decisions to aggressively implement plant-wide testing anywhere that we were seeing signal that there could be community infection, and we found a substantial number of asymptomatic positives that were not being identified in the broader community and I would say the media generally was not terribly forgiving of that, and although it was absolutely the right thing to do, both for our team members, for the communities in which we operate, and for our customers to make sure that we can keep our plants running. And so there is balance to that but Tyson has taken aside that aligned with our values, that we are putting team member’s safety absolutely first and we’re testing aggressively anywhere that we see it is needed.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you very much.
Dean Banks: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone.
Dean Banks: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just – I get this question a lot from investors. I just kind of would like to see what you could talk about with this. Dean, as you went through your review of the businesses, what do you think the actual cause of the chicken operations issues are like where do you think it stems from and like what happened? Can you give us a thought on how that actually transpired?
Dean Banks: Well, in our business, we have always taken effort to value up a portfolio and build higher margin products in certain given plants and facilities and that decision was made at the expense of operational efficiency whenever protein prices were high. And we could go capture the margin in the marketplace with a correction. And in leg quarters and breast meat and pricing, that makes it hard to run your plants operational efficiently. And we have – we are now going back to basics and making sure that the plants run lean and effective and efficient. And then if and when pricing ever recovers, we will be able to capture that margin on top of it.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then the second question is – it’s a hard question to ask, I guess is as you were thinking about the year, there was probably a thought that maybe the outlook may not have been as good as it is now. Can you talk about what has changed for the positive? And maybe seeing that, initially, maybe your profitability would not be as strong in 2021, but now it seems like you are a little bit more comfortable with the outlook. Can you talk about how things have progressed and how you’re thinking about the general profitability of 2021?
Dean Banks: Well, this is a little bit of my stepping into the sea, but one thing that I have just been terribly impressed with is the resiliency of our team members and of our business as a whole and our ability to adjust and adapt to really whatever COVID or the markets are throwing at us. And so that then has me confident in 2021 and in the future of Tyson Foods. I think we have assembled a phenomenal set of assets that have – that worked together to make sure that the business remains resilient to make sure that we keep food on the tables of the global consumer. And then the strategic plan that we put together, when I was in the [indiscernible] that were still standing by today, and our ability to pick up the tempo with that is also really encouraging. The acquisitions that we made internationally turned out to be quite symbiotic and we are finding a lot of efficiencies in the portfolio that we have assembled there. And then the investments we have made in Prepared Foods just continue to surprise in their ability to both gain market share and volume growth. And so, all in there is a lot of reasons to be excited about Tyson Foods today and in the future and the word that I would use is resiliency tied to the core business and got a lot of foresight tied to the strategic plan and how we put it together.
Ken Zaslow: So you are more comfortable that Tyson will actually have a profit growth in 2021, is that a fair assessment?
Dean Banks: No. I am not going to guide on forward-looking profit.
Stewart Glendinning: Maybe just a little bit of perspective from me, Ken. I would go back to the remarks that we made this morning. We said that we expect to see that Chicken and Prepared Foods would improve during the year. You probably can see what is taking place in the cut out for Beef and Pork so that’s fair that you can sort of follow-up for the quarter so far. But I think Beef and Pork will be the variable factor during the year. Right? And that’s the one to watch, I would say, just to figure out how that performs versus our Chicken and Prepared perform. And we are going to know more about that as we go through the year. Of course, the other variable is COVID. And I think as we get into the year through this first quarter, we will have a better perspective.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then I am going to sneak in one more. The comment about normalized beef and pork, I don’t know what that means. Because if I go over the last 20 years, I would say normalizes at 2% to 3%, but in reality, for beef, the last four years could be normalized, and that’s a whole different thing. So when you say normalized, do you really mean normalized through the old Tyson or normalized in the new environment where things are – you have export demand, you have more cattle supply, seems – the hogs? The word normalized is a very opaque word. I was just curious to make sure that I fully understand what you are trying to get at. And I will leave it there. Thank you very much.
Dean Banks: So I will comment a little bit and then pass it to Stewart. When we say normalized, there is really two components. One is the historical look back on the operating margins of these businesses. But the other component is the effort that we have made to value up variety meats and offal from the portfolio to optimize our cuts and to really run the business more efficiently and even for investments that we have made in tray pack and portioning the proteins and making them more effective and valuable to our consumers and customers. So I would make sure we think through both of those and we think about what new margins ultimately look like. Stewart, do you want to give more color?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I mean, Ken, I would say, just to the specifics of the margins, when I came into the business, we were talking about normalized as 1% to 3%, but certainly since I have been here, we haven’t seen that. And so we just tossed out the idea that normalized is 1% to 3%. On the other side of things, I think if you look at the quarter, we are turning in almost 12% return on sales for the quarter. And so the question is, can beef and pork continue to operate at those levels? And we think that over time, that will likely move back more to the middle ground, right. And so let me use the sort of more recent trends, I think, as sort of what we’re talking about when we say normalized. There is a lot of global demand for these products. And I think, as an analyst group, you would want to spend some time really understanding whether or not that the ground has shifted in the sense that beef has – there’s growing demand for beef around the world. And there are not a lot of geographies actually that can produce it. This is one of them.
Ken Zaslow: I agree with you, and I appreciate the answer. Thank you. Have a great day and stay safe.
Dean Banks: Thank you.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we are going to end today’s question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference call back over to Dean for any closing remarks.
Dean Banks: Thanks everyone for your interest in Tyson Foods. I want to give a big thanks to our team members, the communities in which we operate our suppliers, our farmers and all of our investors. From all of us here at Tyson Foods, we wish you a happy holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we will conclude today’s conference call. We thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Incorporated earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. On today's call are Noel White, Chief Executive Officer; Dean Banks, President; and Stewart Glendinning, our Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the resource center of the Tyson Investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business, including those listed in our 10-Q filed this morning and during this fiscal year as well as our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our current report on Form 8-K filed March 13, 2020. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, August 3 at 9 a.m. Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on our website approximately one-hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today's remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning's press release. I'll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Before we get to the quarter, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the announcement we made earlier this morning. Later this year, Dean Banks will take over President and Chief Executive Officer of Tyson Foods, effective October 3. I am excited to continue at Tyson in the new role as Executive Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. Tyson's future is bright with Dean at the helm. As our Chairman said in the press release this morning, Dean and the entire executive leadership team have a strong breadth and depth of capabilities and they bring energy and vision to Tyson Foods. Dean has an impressive background in entrepreneurship, technology and the healthcare industry, which makes him ideally suited to lead Tyson in our efforts to integrate advanced technologies into our operations and further our focus on team member health and safety. Dean is the right person to lead our company in the next stage of growth. Dean, would you like to say a few words?
Dean Banks: Thank you, Noel, for those kind words and for your 37 years of service and many contributions to Tyson. I also want to offer my sincere thanks to the more than 140,000 team members who have given me a warm welcome over the past three years. I've had the opportunity to get to know many of you and your integrity, passion and commitment to feeding the world is a critical part of why I am here. I am honored to lead Tyson Foods as its next CEO and look forward to working with our company's leadership and executing our strategy to capitalize on opportunities for innovation across the protein spectrum. Building upon the strong foundation established by Noel, I will continue to serve our customers, team members, stakeholders and shareholders to drive our strategic initiatives and build our business in current and new categories and geographies. And finally, thank you to the Board of Directors for entrusting me to lead Tyson into our next phase. Noel?
Noel White: Thank you, Dean. Now we'll discuss the third quarter. I want to start by thanking our team members for their dedication and diligence as we continue to navigate the pandemic. This quarter has been full of challenges in the ever-changing environment. However, I am pleased with how we've adapted and adjusted to the circumstances and continue to operate our facilities without layoffs. While we've worked hard to avoid the supply chain disruptions experienced by our livestock suppliers and customers, our top priority has appropriately remained the health and safety of our team members. We've made substantial investments in COVID-19-related safety measures for our team. Earlier this year, we transformed our facilities with a host of safeguards that meet or exceed CDC and OSHA guidance. We purchased 150 walk-through temperature scanners to check workers when they arrive. We supplied face masks, have installed workstation dividers and have more than 500 social distance monitors in our facilities. About 40,000 of our team members or a third of our U.S. workforce has been tested for the virus. Currently less than 1% of Tyson Foods' U.S. workforce of over 120,000 team members has active COVID-19. Tyson Foods has partnered with outside medical experts and public health officials to understand and prevent the spread of the virus and to share what we've learned. We have partnered with Matrix Medical to set up on-site medical clinics at some of our locations. We also supplied more than 300,000 cloth masks to our team members across the country to share with their families, friends, and loved ones. And last week, we announced the launch of a new strategic COVID-19 monitoring program and the expansion of our occupational health staff, including a new Chief Medical Officer position. The new data-driven program was designed with the help of outside medical experts and involves weekly testing of a sampling of team members to monitor for the presence of the virus. It also includes testing of workers who have symptoms as well as those who have come into close contact with others who have the virus. Protecting our team members is essential to the long-term growth and will remain our top priority. Now I'll turn to the third quarter results, which reflect the value of our comprehensive portfolio and operational agility. Dean will take us through the segment results and Stewart will provide detail on the third quarter results. Without a doubt, our third quarter was one of the most volatile and uncertain periods I've seen during my 40-year career in the industry. However, our commitment to team member health and safety and investments in operations and portfolio strategy effectively positioned us to weather unprecedented marketplace volatility while supporting our farmers, ranchers and producers while working to meet our customer needs. Our scale across proteins, products and brands helps to insulate us during the economic cycles, even historically volatile ones enables us to more readily adjust consumer demands across brands and channels. While COVID-19 has had impacts on our business, I am pleased to say that our company has performed well. Our third quarter sales were just over $10 billion, which is about 8% lower than the same quarter last year, driven by 10.6% lower volumes offset by 2.6% higher price. Our adjusted earnings of $1.40 per share were driven by strong performance in our Beef and Pork segments. While Chicken results were weak early in the quarter driven by significant declines in foodservice and deli demand that affected both volume and mix, we experienced a volume rebound later in the third quarter as states began to reopen, and this has carried over into the fourth quarter. Again, the overall strength of our business, despite challenges earlier in the quarter speaks to the value of our portfolio-based strategy. In Q3, we experienced substantial demand for our core retail and branded products, and we work diligently to get as much product to our customers as possible. This demand shift resulted in core retail line volume growth of more than 26% compared to Q3 last year and share gains in those categories. Meanwhile, we absorbed major declines in foodservice, which resulted in a net reduction to overall volumes during the quarter. The retail channel continued to show strong levels of demand in both volume and dollars, and I was pleased to see another quarter of share growth across our core business lines, this makes eight quarters in a row. Another area where we benefit is the strength of our brand, the breadth of our reach and the ability to produce locally in our international markets and responding to the global demand growth and fluctuations. In the third quarter, exports to many parts of the world performed well, including to Japan and Mexico. In-country performance in China remains strong and the impact of COVID-19 within the other countries where we operate has been less than expected. Reduced hog supplies caused by African swine fever continue to present opportunities to fulfill international demand from U.S. exports and in-country production. It's important to note that a large portion of Tyson's export sales are associated with products that don't traditionally fit within the American consumer's diet. This means export markets help serve as a way for us to optimize utilization of livestock. This contributes to the profitability of the livestock farmer who depended on forest supply. In the third quarter, we took a number of actions to support our supply chain. We unilaterally instituted increase in payments for the prices we paid for our cattle ranchers, provided weight discount relief for hog and cattle producers, and capped prices on certain cuts of beef to our customers. Supporting our partners and customers is essential to our business. Now let's talk about the current operating environment. We have enhanced operations to ensure agility, continue to implement automation to improve safety and efficiencies for our team members and deployed technology to meet consumer demand. Because of these investments, we were positioned to weather the impacts of COVID-19 on our channel mix, as we've experienced increased retail and reduced foodservice demand. From a supply chain perspective, our facilities quickly adapt and were possible to new product mixes to take advantage of changing customer needs and market dynamics due to COVID-19. We operate more than 140 food production facilities in the United States. And although some continue to operate at a decrease production levels, the scope of our operations continue to provide us with the flexibility, agility and redundancy needed to support our customers and help keep refrigerators and shelves stocked. This is a clear benefit to our company scale and how we continue our crucial mission of feeding families during this unprecedented global crisis. Despite our strong performance during the third quarter, COVID-19 created significant direct incremental cost for our business totaling approximately $340 million. This does not include the indirect impacts we've experienced such as lower volumes or operational inefficiencies as a result of absenteeism and lower capacity. Our direct incremental costs were primarily associated with ensuring the health, safety, and recognition or our team members, which include enhanced team member safety precautions in our facilities, communication and education within communities, team member bonuses, enhanced benefits and other COVID-19 protection measures. Due to the nature of these direct incremental expenses, our segments were primarily impacted based on the relative number of team members and the degree of production disruptions they have experienced. We know that some of these expenses will continue, likely at a lower run rate, and we know that we will need to prepare to adjust our operation as the virus persist. Even after accounting produced COVID-19-related costs during the quarter, our business continues to show strength and resilience. While COVID-19 has been disruptive, we have a strong long-term outlook for Tyson Foods. Global population income growth will continue to drive an increased need for protein. That's why we expanded the international footprint we've established is so important to our future growth. Our assets, capabilities and products in China, Asia-Pacific and Europe give us the ability to meet that growing demand. Our lessons from Asia's COVID-19 experience also help shorten the learning curve for us domestically. Furthermore, the virus has accelerated consumer demand for food through alternative channels, such as e-commerce. We believe e-commerce demand in grocery and foodservice will remain elevated and we intend to capitalize on the shift. We also continue to invest aggressively in our brands and in automation and technology, as we seek to create new and more effective ways of doing business. In the technology area alone, we've initiated hundreds of projects over the last three years, many of which are both enterprise and scale and focused on automation and advanced analytics. Automation will help drive efficiencies and protect team members in our facilities. We expect these initiatives to generate strong returns as we move into the future. Of course, there is undoubtedly more work ahead of us, we remain focused on continued execution of operational improvements to drive a more efficient agile organization, which in turn enables us to remain nimble and unlock opportunities to grow the business. As we look beyond this year, we are prepared to navigate prolonged pandemic-related uncertainty. We are investing in operational flexibility to ensure that we can continue to meet customer demand while living in a potentially long-term COVID-19 environment. We recognized that our level of future growth is dependent on away-from-home eating occasions, which will be impacted by communities opening up and potentially reclosing. We will thus remain nimble and remain ready to adjust our facilities as demand picks up or shifts. We are managing our business well and our balance sheet and liquidity position continue to show strength as a result of strong cash flow generation. We believe higher levels of liquidity are prudent until we have more visibility in recovery and realization of a new dynamic environment. We can't say how long the impacts of COVID-19 will last, but we've demonstrated the ability to operate while facing the current challenges. Our business is flexible and ready to take advantage of channel and business shifts. We will continue to adapt our business to address market challenges. I believe shareholders will benefit from our strengths, which include our portfolio, distribution channels, dedicated workforce and scale. Now I'd like Dean to give us a recap of our business segments.
Dean Banks: Thank you, Noel. I want to start by echoing Noel's sentiment as it relates to the resilience that our team members have shown in light of COVID-19. I am humbled by the response during this difficult time and it's been both remarkable and extraordinary. I will focus my remarks today on our third quarter results and then provide additional color on each of our segments. Under the circumstances, our performance has been good. Despite challenges and with team members’ safety is our top priority, we did everything possible to maintain operations in order to keep customers shelves and refrigerator stocked and consumer spend. We shifted some of our foodservice production to focus on retail and demonstrated the strength and resonance of our brands with consumers. Our performance in core retail categories continues at an incredible pace in both volume and dollars as a result of evolving demand. Our Nielsen results showed gains of more than 26% in the latest 13 weeks, outpacing total food and beverage as well as the top 10 food manufacturers, again, outpacing all of the top 10 food manufacturers. Our retail lines are leading their categories with overall volume share growth of 2% and dollar share growth of 1.6%. Our core business lines, which represent approximately two-thirds of our measured branded retail sales, but now experienced eight consecutive quarters of growth, again, that's eight consecutive quarters of growth. Within the e-commerce channel, because we were well positioned for the increase in online buying, we continue to see significant sales growth and showed strong performance. Similar to last quarter, total e-commerce sales more than doubled versus the prior year as consumer buying patterns evolve with a continued emphasis on click-and-collect and delivery. We expect the strength in e-commerce to continue. Meals away-from-home continue to remain soft during the quarter, but are slowly starting to recover. Foodservice customers have seen varying degrees of recovery with strength in quick service restaurants focused on takeout and delivery. Some have returned to pre COVID-19 levels, which led us to ship some capacity back to historical patterns. Weakness remains in schools and dining channels, which may persist depending upon states reopening agendas. In contrast, in the retail channel, supermarkets and club stores have continued to see gains across our categories. Because of flexibility, within our operations, we were able to convert parts of our foodservice production network to accommodate the shift to retail. Other parts of our network could not be converted during the third quarter. As a result, current buying patterns remain a net negative across our business, and we don't expect to realize full recovery until meals away-from-home increases. As Noel mentioned, our margins for the third quarter included direct incremental cost totaling approximately $340 million related to COVID-19. Indirect costs and additional inefficiencies created by unplanned absenteeism and reduced production across our business segments has not been included in this number. Moving to the segments, I'll start with Prepared Foods. During the third quarter, our Prepared Foods segment produced an operating margin of 7.1% on just over $2 billion of sales. Our retail growth and the performance of our brands were very strong, while our foodservice volumes remain weak driven by COVID-19-related temporary idling and slowdowns. In total for this segment, sales were down 2.6% with volume down 6% and pricing up 3.4%. Despite these challenges, we were pleased that our total household penetration increased in the third quarter with significant gains in Jimmy Dean Breakfast Sausage, Ball Park Hot Dogs and Hillshire Farm Lunch Meats. Although availability of raw material has started to return to pre-virus levels, the surge in demand at retail coupled with raw material supply shortages has resulted in lower finished goods inventory levels across the network. Some of the tail effects for this shortage will continue to impact us in the fourth quarter. Despite these COVID-19-related inventory challenges, we are pleased to say that the historical inventory issues caused by our ERP system rollout are behind us. Alternative protein remains a top growth priority for Tyson Foods. We saw growth in distribution and velocity during the quarter while introducing two new plant-based protein offerings to market, a spicy nugget and a whole-grain tender, both under our Raised & Rooted brand. We are focused on our new product launch timing to drive category growth in line with customer and consumer needs. Our teams will continue to work with our foodservice customers to provide relevant product offerings that will enable them to adapt to the changing marketplace as the economy reopens. And we will continue to focus our brand investment and innovation to more value-oriented offerings. We are focusing on formats and sizes relevant for rapidly evolving channel dynamics, such as the acceleration in e-commerce. Overall, the Prepared Foods business is well positioned to deliver sustained retail growth even in this dynamic environment. Our Beef segment produced an operating margin of 17.4% in the third quarter on approximately $3.7 billion of sales. We saw large supplies of market-ready livestock during the quarter, but continue to experience production inefficiencies and lower throughput due to our decisions to temporarily idle some facilities in an effort to protect our team members. The combination of large supplies of livestock, production shortfalls and strong consumer demand drove a much wider margin spread. Our Beef business has done an excellent job managing through this uncertain environment, especially in its ability to protect team members while continuing to produce. As foodservice demand softened, we were able to shift parts of our operation to retail. As cutout values rose during the quarter, we offered price cuts to support our customers and preserve demand in both retail and foodservice. Exports are an important compliment to domestic markets and benefit U.S. cattle and beef producers since many exported products are not typically consumed in the American diet. We expect strong exports to continue as the impacts of COVID-19 start to level out in some areas, but we will continue to emphasize keeping domestic shelves and refrigerator stocked. The current environment shows plentiful supplies of cattle coupled with strong demand for beef. The quality of domestic-fed cattle continues to be excellent, allowing us to provide a high quality product for customers with a continued focus on our premium programs is one of our key growth platforms. Moving to our Pork segment. In the third quarter, strong demand and ample hog supplies led to a 9.6% operating margin in Q3 on approximately $1.1 billion of sales. As pork plants were idled or random reduced capacities in order to protect the health and safety of our team members. Hog producers were met with lower processor demand for their market-ready hogs. We recognized how this impacts our producer community. And we have safely resumed operations at or near full scale production to provide them with an outlet for their hogs. Additionally, idled plants and reduced capacity in our pork facilities had impacts on the availability of raw materials for our Prepared Foods business and affected our ability to produce at optimum levels. We directed more product to our domestic channels where we saw strong demand for whole muscle cuts, including pork loins, butts and ribs. Like our Beef segment, exports remain an important compliment to domestic markets and benefit U.S. hog and pork producers since many exported products are not typically consumed in the American diet. Turning to Chicken. This segment produced an operating margin of negative 3.9% in Q3 on approximately $3.1 billion of sales. No part of our business has seen greater COVID-19 impacts than our Chicken segment. We've experienced significant amounts of complexity in the current environment and continue to work through what's proven to be a very dynamic situation. Sales were down during the quarter as a result of lower volume and price. Operating income was negatively affected by the volume decline, costs associated with COVID-19 and $110 million of negative derivative mark-to-market adjustments as compared to the same period in fiscal 2019. Additionally, we experienced some degradation in our mix as we shifted capacity to serve retail channels and struggled to maintain efficient levels of production. As I mentioned, during the quarter, we responded to the dramatic shift in demand from foodservice to retail, shifting some of our chicken production capacity accordingly. Although this cost is in the form of capital investments and some plant efficiency, we were able to get more meat to consumers when retail capacity was particularly strained. Despite adjusting parts of our operational footprint, the higher retail volumes didn't entirely offset the lost volumes from foodservice and deli. We began the year with positive progress toward operational improvements within our Chicken business, but the impacts of the virus resulted in an operating disruptions that slowed our progress during the third quarter. We prioritize throughput in order to meet customer demand that we expect to resume meaningful progress against these programs if conditions level off. Looking at current market conditions in the Chicken segment, we saw improved results late in the third quarter and into our fourth quarter as foodservice demand started to slowly recover, but retail demand remains strong. In international, COVID-19 affected our regional businesses in different and varying degrees. Our in-country China operations performed well despite disruptions caused by COVID-19 and African swine fever by leveraging its diversified operating model and continuing its strong performance throughout the third quarter. Our APAC operations were able to ship at least some production to retail to mitigate the impact of lower foodservice volume, and successfully execute promotional activities with our key customers. Our business in Europe was slower and experienced more negative profit impacts resulting from higher exposures to foodservice and the impact on that channel from COVID-19. Our international footprint is providing a platform for growth across the enterprise. We are committed to becoming the global leader in protein by serving emerging markets and strategic customers across channels and segments. With recent acquisitions, we have made significant progress towards reaching critical mass in our international operations to take advantage of higher growth demand patterns. It is worth noting that across our business, we are monitoring trade tensions among countries, working with government agencies and evaluating the impact of a potential shift in longstanding trade agreements. Tariffs remain an obstacle, putting the U.S. at a price disadvantage in many markets in which we participate. If tariffs are lifted or reduced, we would likely see an acceleration of already increased global demand for U.S. Pork, Beef and Chicken. In summary, our team members and businesses across the enterprise have shown tremendous flexibility and agility. They successfully adapted to the continued change brought on by COVID-19. The response from our team members has provided consumers with continued access to a safe and affordable food supply, and we will continue to make investments to prioritize their health and safety. Tyson is well positioned to respond to future market conditions. Our strong balance sheet, unique business model, diverse portfolio and scale will allow us to meet the needs of the marketplace. With that, I'll now ask Stewart to take us through the financials.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Dean, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by congratulating Dean on his appointment to the role of CEO. I thoroughly enjoyed working with him and know that he is going to do a terrific job. Congratulations, Dean. Now I'd like to start by pulling out a few performance highlights for the quarter. As Noel mentioned earlier, third quarter results included earnings of $1.40 per share and operating income of $760 million. Sales in Q3 were down approximately 8% to just over $10 billion with a 7.6% return on sales. Average sales price for the quarter was up 2.6%. Year-to-date operating cash flows were $2.7 billion. Now as Noel mentioned earlier, our balance sheet is sound. In fact, our liquidity position improved as we progressed through the quarter. As of June 27, our liquidity was $3.1 billion, which was up $600 million from our second quarter. This substantial increase was attributable to strong operating cash flow performance and was partially offset by a reduction in debt, including our $350 million of bonds that matured and were paid off in Q3 and $150 million of dividends, which were paid during the quarter. We continue to emphasize inventory and accounts receivable management to mitigate the businesses cash flow risk during this uncertain and volatile environment. Including cash of $1.4 billion, net debt was $10.7 billion and net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.7x for the 12 months ended June 27. Net interest expense was $119 million for the quarter. Our effective tax rate was 21% in the third quarter and weighted-average shares outstanding were approximately 364 million. Depreciation and amortization totaled $295 million. Our capital expenditures during the third quarter totaled $283 million. We continue to target an overall CapEx return of approximately twice our cost of capital with a focus on projects which will support our long-term strategies and enhance our business performance. Plant automation and expansion of our global footprint are good examples of this. It's also worth noting that we have deployed significant capital against M&A over the past few years, and those assets are proving to be valuable now with a lot more value expected in the future. As examples, our Hillshire assets have performed exceptionally well over the past two years, and the increased exposure to retail has been especially important based on recent COVID-related channel shifts. Our investments in expanding our global footprint have increased our ability to serve multinational customers in both foodservice and retail as well as giving us exposure to some of the world's fastest growing protein markets. Due to the uncertainty of the COVID-19 impacts including sales channel shifts, the degree of absenteeism and the temporary idling of some of our facilities, we are currently unable to provide segment operating margin guidance. In addition, the accuracy of any outlook we do provide during this call will be influenced by a wide range of factors connected to the course of the pandemic. Now I'd like to provide some additional commentary on our outlook for the full fiscal year. Keep in mind that fiscal 2020 is a 53-week year. However, we've adjusted our outlook to be comparable to 52 weeks. Net interest expense should approximate $470 million. We project CapEx spending of approximately $1.25 billion for the fiscal year as we progress with building additional processing capacity for case-ready fresh chicken, beef and pork. We may elect to slowdown parts of our CapEx spending, where appropriate to ensure adequate liquidity. Having said that, we expect liquidity for the remainder of the year to remain well above our minimum liquidity target of $1 billion. As the spread of COVID-19 continues to present new and unforeseen challenges to our business, we believe that a heightened degree of liquidity relative to historical levels is prudent to ensure financial strength and flexibility. This coupled with strong operating cash flows and disciplined capital allocation priorities, gives us confidence in our ability to meet our financial obligation. Our capital allocation will continue to prioritize debt reduction. This includes approximately $700 million of senior note maturities in Q4. We do not expect to repurchase shares through the end of the year, except for minor repurchases related to equity compensation plans. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 23%. As Q4 started, we continue to see heightened levels of retail demand, which still only partially offset the COVID-related decline seen in the foodservice channel. While we're not certain the path of COVID, we have demonstrated our ability to deliver profits during this challenging time, and we expect to continue to do so. Our plants are experiencing varying levels of challenges in the current environment, but capacities have significantly improved since the extremes experienced during the third quarter. Our actions taken to ensure the health and safety of our team members will enable us to move capacity closer to historical levels. As a result of COVID-19, we have incurred direct incremental costs based on the broad range of safety measures we have implemented and continue to support, which, as Noel mentioned, totaled approximately $340 million during the quarter. Because some of these initial investments are one-time in nature, and as such, we will provide long-term benefits. We expect that only a portion of the $340 million in Q3 COVID costs will persist going forward. We also incurred indirect costs and production inefficiencies as a result of COVID-19 that have not been separately identified. We will continue to operate our plants with team member health and safety as the top priority. We expect to offset some of these incremental costs through our continued diligence to drive ongoing financial fitness, where we continue to seek out opportunities to remove unnecessary costs from our business. To summarize, despite the challenges to our industry brought about by COVID, we’ve demonstrated our ability to perform during the crisis, and we are encouraged by our long-term outlook. Our broad business model with multiple proteins allows us to meet a wide range of customer and consumer demands across all of the food sales channels. That model is built on a large scale platform, which is increasingly exposed to higher growth rate countries as we expand our geographic footprint and it provides us the capability of serving the largest multinational companies as well as the smallest single outlets. Our balance sheet, liquidity, scale and portfolio of businesses differentiate Tyson from other food companies and position us for long-term growth. We will drive for that long-term growth in all parts of our business as we execute against our strategic plan with a constant focus on maximizing long-term value for shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Peter Galbo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning, and congratulations to Dean and to Noel.
Noel White: Hey Peter.
Peter Galbo: Really appreciate the color around the COVID costs, $340 million. Obviously, a chunk of that was worker bonuses as well. But just wondering if you guys could give a little bit more granularity on some of the major cost buckets related to some of those direct COVID costs. Just as we start to think about the fourth quarter, what of those could be actually continuing and possibly into fiscal 2021? And then I have a follow-up as well.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Peter, Stewart here. Let me give you a little bit of color. First of all, as you know, of course, the safety of our team members is our top priority. What's good for our team members is, of course, very good for our business. If you look at the $340 million, those represent only the direct costs. And as you rightly called out the biggest chunk of that is the “thank you” bonus. We disclosed that that amount was $114 million. So that gives you a sense of the biggest driver. But there were also in there – in terms of other big drivers were enhanced benefits and pay that we paid to employees while plants were closed, but they were out. In addition, of course, we had all of the medical costs and the PPE costs. I think if you took those buckets, that would be the biggest chunk. Ongoing – of course, if you went back, we announced those "thank you" bonuses ahead of time. We don't expect the run rates to be at the same level, but we're not giving any specific guidance on what we think that number will look like for Q4.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then Dean, maybe just stepping back from a high kind of strategy level, the priority is obviously going forward with you stepping in as CEO, is going to continue to be on Prepared Foods and growing international. But I think the biggest point of pushback that we've gotten this morning is just around Chicken. Obviously, it's been a very challenged here with COVID and with a lot of the COVID costs going into Chicken, but how are you thinking about prioritizing a turnaround in Chicken? And when should we expect, I guess, for you to come to us with a more comprehensive plan on what a turnaround could potentially look like? Thank you.
Dean Banks: Sure. Thanks Peter. I would say if you consider what we incurred from direct COVID costs and some of the derivative losses and really the disruption from COVID in general. I think our team did a phenomenal job of weathering the storm. We'd love to see a better financial number post, but ultimately the team did a good job in managing a lot of the challenges and uncertainties. What I would say is that clearly some of the COVID costs will fallout over time, assuming that we get the recovery that we'd like to see, and we did see some real progress prior to COVID picking up some operational efficiencies, and then we're going to be going back after that as soon as our operations return to normal. So you'll see improvements in the coming quarters I believe, but it's really too early to tell with what's going on with COVID. The disruption to our mix and related absenteeism has been quite challenging, although we do see absenteeism trends recover.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Noel White: Good morning.
Dean Banks: Hey, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu: I want to ask on the Pork and Beef section of the business. Those segments performed, obviously the market was favorable as it relates to packing margins, but performed pretty nicely given – or despite how challenging the operating environment must have been for you guys. I know you had a number of plants closed. We've also though – we've gotten probably a pretty big backlog of live animals coming for the balance of this calendar year in light of what's happened with COVID. So I'd love to hear your commentary on what you think around the input cost side of things looks like for packer margins for the balance of this calendar year. And then I'd also love to hear in light of the most recent cattle inventory update we got from the USDA, just kind of how you guys are thinking about the cattle cycle and we are – we're in a really strong profitability environment. At what point do you think that starts to taper off?
Noel White: Ben, I'll take that. This is Noel. As we look into 2021, we're expecting – well, without COVID, we would have expected somewhat flat supplies, particularly in cattle. Breeding intention on hogs are off a couple of percent, but productivity has been picking up a couple percent, so basically flagged in. So our outlook for domestic availability has previously been roughly flat to perhaps down 0.5% due to continued strong exports. The number of hogs that have been processed over the last few months, obviously, particularly in Q3, they were down substantially. And we don't know exactly, but we estimate someplace in the vicinity of about 3 million hogs did not come to market. So that will continue to work its way through the system over the coming months. And on cattle, there's probably somewhere in the vicinity of about 1 million head of cattle that’s been backlogged as well. Over the course of months that will work itself out. But regardless, we expect adequate supplies, strong supplies of cattle and hogs as we look into our fiscal 2021.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay, great. Thanks. Stewart, you made some comments or Dean, I think you made comments on SAP. Are those costs entirely behind us? You know that they're behind you in Prepared Foods. I seem to recall that maybe the Chicken segment was being impacted by SAP as well. Am I recalling that correctly? And if so, is that cost behind you as well?
Dean Banks: Yes. Our ERP-related inventory write-downs and distressed are normalized at this point. We're still rolling out SAP across the business, but the rollout’s gone smoothly. And we've not seen an uptick on any of the challenging aspects related to inventory that we’ve shown in the past. So we feel like we've got that behind us and on track.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks and best of luck.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes. Hi, good morning, and congratulations to both of you guys, Dean and Noel.
Dean Banks: Thank you.
Michael Piken: I wanted to ask a couple of questions here. The first I guess is on the Chicken side. I guess, we’ve seen some weakness in commodity, red quarters recently. And just wondering, how much of that is driven by potentially export slowing down or maybe just the inability to de-bone dark meet, but just sort of your thoughts on kind of the overall size of the business in light of some of the weaker commodity prices for Chicken and then how do you see sort of exports trending? And how are you thinking about your own mix within Chicken?
Dean Banks: So our mix was certainly affected by absenteeism and we really wanted to just get food to the American global population as quick as we could. So we had to take some action there for mix. And then as it relates to general operational improvements, like I said, we captured about a $100 million in total operational savings coming into COVID, which benefited us, but looking forward, it's going to take us some time to work through that. In our contract pricing business, we’ll be going into pricing negotiations this fall. I don’t know we'll see any impacts from that coming in the first or second quarter. And then related to exports, our exports have generally been strong. We're seeing ports move. They are somewhat backed up, but we are seeing product flow through, testing at the borders in places like China, and exports in Japan and Mexico continue to be strong.
Michael Piken: Okay. Yes. And then as a follow-up, just on the red meat side, if you could talk a little bit. I know the daily slaughter rates have come back really strong and quickly. But on the fabrication side, are you guys able to deliver the specific cuts at this point on Beef and Pork to your targeted customers? Or are there still shortages of particular SKUs or things kind of backing on the fabrication side? Thanks.
Noel White: Michael, I can take that. I can tell you that no, production has largely rebounded to pre-COVID activities. So the SKU and product mix is not being impacted anywhere to the extent that it was through the March, April, May time period, so nearly back to normal. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research LLC. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Noel White: Good morning.
Heather Jones: My first question is on Chicken. I was wondering if you could give us some more granularity as to how much of your capacity you've been able to shift to retail away from foodservice and how that may cause volumes to look going forward relative to what we saw in Q3?
Noel White: So we're not necessarily calling out the percentages that we've able to ship, but we've seen foodservice recovered about 80%, 90% in general. And so we have obviously strong products in QSRs.
Stewart Glendinning: Maybe, Heather, just a couple of additional facts just to help with your model. If you look back to Q3 last year, retail versus foodservice in Chicken, that was about 50/50. And if you look at that ratio in 2020, that's about 60/40. So you've seen a shift. Obviously, it would have been worse had we not been able to shift some of the manufacturing over to retail. But I think if you look in our Q, you'll get some of that data.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, I was wondering – so all the initiatives you've put in place as far as healthcare for your workers, et cetera. Just wondering if you could give us your thoughts about the preparedness going into the fall, like, I know there's some concern in the industry about there potentially being another surge and just like, how do you think you're prepared relative to the spring? If there is a surge and workers getting stuck, like, how do you think it will look for you relative to what it looks like in April, May this year – I mean, April May earlier this year?
Noel White: Hi, Heather. Thanks. As you know, team member safety is our top priority. You can tell by our numbers. We've invested heavily in a variety of precautionary measures, the protective equipment and stuff that we've put in including temperature testing. That stuff will benefit us in quarters and years to come. You probably also saw the recent announcement that we've really implemented what I would consider a cutting-edge monitoring program. What we get from that is to ensure that we're assessing the health of our team members and making sure that we know what's going on in our plants, but also helps better understand what's going on in the communities. That's really been the key is knowing what's going on in the disease load in the communities. And we've been very open about sharing that with public health officials to make sure that they see what we're seeing, and they're working with us. Also putting a lot of effort to educate and inform our team members about what we're learning about the virus and how it spreads, and we've seen them be very responsive and respond positively to protective measures at home and in their communities. And so I would say we're as prepared as we can be. We are still investing in research, making sure that we very much understand this virus. We’re really working closely with the communities and health officials to ensure that we've got every possible precaution in place.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, good morning. Dean, congratulations.
Dean Banks: Thanks Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: Thanks. I wanted to ask – if we're on similar call like this 10, 20 years from now, you're retiring. What do you want to be known for? What are the biggest changes that you want to see at Tyson? With the obvious caveat that right now is a completely uncertain time for everybody, but I'm just curious about your long-term strategy and the changes you want to implement?
Dean Banks: So for first off, I've been really lucky to get a chance to work with Noel, the entire ELT and the Board for the past three years now. And I've been on the strategy and acquisitions committee and we've all been working closely to make sure that we've got a long-term perspective on the business that not only leads to long-term growth, but also Tyson's position in helping see the world sustainably. So it's 20, 30 years down the road, we know we're going to have a few more billion people on the planet and we're going to have to make sure that we can provide food for them and do it in a sustainable way. And given Tyson's balanced portfolio or investments in alternative proteins and our global footprint, we're confident that we can really take bold position in doing that.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then follow-up, I'm just curious if – you guys talked about Chicken margins improving a little bit. Can you give us some idea of the range there? Obviously, you'll have some costs in terms of your mark-to-market or your derivatives that won't repeat. But excluding that, can you just give us some idea how things are beginning so far a month or so into the quarter so we can model a bit more accurately as we look ahead?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, look, I think – Stewart here. I think you could probably look at some of the data coming through public data on pricing. I think what that will show actually is a pricing for the moment is a little bit weakened and we saw it in the middle of the quarter. If you look then at some of the big impacts that Dean called out earlier, in the quarter we had $70 million worth of impact on derivatives and on a year-over-year basis that was $100 million. So certainly I can't say what derivatives will do, but that will be a big impact going forward. The other cost that's noteworthy is to call out the $340 million worth of COVID costs. Chicken took a big chunk of that. And as I mentioned earlier, we expected that ran rate will be lower. If I think – those are probably the big – that's probably the big factors to call out as we get into this quarter.
Dean Banks: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning, and congratulations to you Dean again.
Dean Banks: Thank you.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to touch on the guidance. You mentioned in Chicken and Prepared Foods that you expect a decline in volumes in the fourth quarter. Do we read that correctly that you think beef and pork will be up or just that you're not sure, and can you give some of what the assumptions are around your thinking there?
Dean Banks: Michael, when you say beef and pork will be up, in what terms?
Michael Lavery: Well, I think it's specific to volumes that you mentioned the expected decline for Chicken and Prepared Foods. And so would we infer correctly that the volumes in beef and pork are expected to rise.
Dean Banks: Well, we're not going to give any guidance specifically on volumes. I mean you can of course, take our comments that we've made this morning. But you could look back of course this past quarter and you'll see that beef and pork had considerable disruption. Noel, earlier talked about the backlog of animals. Of course, we're looking to get our operations back to normal level as quickly as we can. So that's about all the detail we want to give just looking forward.
Noel White: I think it'd be fair to say though, as we come into Q4 that volumes are in fact stronger than what they were in Q3. So relatively Q3, I'd say the answer would be, yes. We're a month into our Q4 that compared to – relative to a year-ago. But that's a different question because it depends on absenteeism, but there's certainly enough livestock to be able to run equal or greater numbers in Q4 than a year-ago.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And then just following up on your comment on ASF, you said it presents opportunities, obviously there's been some expectation of that for some time and it always seems to twist and turn in different ways and of course, overshadowed by coronavirus in some respects. But as you size it up and think of potential opportunities there, do you have any sense of how it's likely to play out or what we should be looking for catalysts there that maybe we haven't seen that?
Noel White: Mike, I don't think that there's really been any substantial change from roughly a year-ago that ASF continues to spread albeit at a lower rate than I think what it was a year-ago. There's been a substantial reduction in the global hog herd, so there's – it’s kind of roughly 25%, and the demand continues to be equal or growing. And so our outlook a year-ago is no different today than it was basically a year-ago that continues to be strong demand from basically all parts of the world, including China. So fundamentals have not changed. And I’d just refer back to Dean's comment that from a longer term perspective, we expect global demand for protein to continue to grow over the coming years at a pace greater than what the expansion and production is going to be.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Noel White: Good morning.
Dean Banks: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: So maybe continuing, just thinking about kind of how the Chicken business specifically is evolving? And I think going forward, it seems like we've got this kind of tension between kind of absenteeism on the worker side and the inefficiencies and production challenges that presents to your, to your production footprint and the ongoing disruption in foodservice markets, and a) way to maybe give us a sense of how those two have evolved over the course of the last three months through July. You've been just a pop those down on the trajectory of where things stand today and the balance of those in terms of margin impact?
Noel White: Probably won't break out specific margin impact, but what I will describe is foodservice – I'll start with the latter server with a ladder first with foodservice loans and return somewhere between 80%, 90%, depending upon the channel customer. We've seen some areas of foodservice that are our key Chicken customers performing extremely well at or near break over levels. And so that's performing well in some areas. We do have areas still – still struggling to catch up, distribution, et cetera. And then remind me again the first part of the question?
Adam Samuelson: Just absenteeism and the impact that's had on your cost and your production mix through the third quarter into the fourth?
Noel White: Sure. Clearly we had a big spike and absenteeism related to COVID in a variety of other things. Like I said before, the trim line trim on absenteeism is trending to the positive. So we expect the S&T has an impact on our production to start to return to normal here relatively soon.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then my second question, it's a bit more of a clarification, but just going through the disclosure in the queue related to retail sales by segment looks like kind of Chicken and prepared foods, Chickens up 8% year-on-year for retail sales prepared foods up 12? And I'm just trying to think about kind of the implications of that relative to what we see in the – whether it's the core business lines, your total Tyson, sales change that you put in your from Nielsen, you put in your slide deck. And I know that there's some things aren't deli and some of the tray pack product that can create some noise there, but I'm just trying to think about how to reconcile just the retail component of what you disclose for sales growth relative to sell…
Noel White: I think difficult for us to sort of take you through the full reconciliation on the call. But first of all, I mean, great performance from the prepared foods team, eight quarters in a row, a shared gain, so that that's not a blood. But having said that that is just all of the branded all of the branded products, primarily prepared foods, but also in chicken as well. If you look at that our core retail lines are about two thirds of the branded retail volume. So just to give you a sense, but of course all the non-branded stuff also is coming through. Most of that is the foodservice. So when you go back to that note in the queue. They moved in retail up driven, which is largely driven by that core retail move and then foodservice sit down because of COVID. Is that helpful?
Adam Samuelson: Yes, maybe I'll pause, I'll find. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Noel White: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. I think you talked about price negotiations beginning for Chicken and the fall. I guess I've been all over CX, that's a target positives and I'll ask a couple of weeks here. The breeding flock is up and yet total demand for Chicken is down because of a foodservice channel. Is there a hope for a stronger negotiating power in this contract season or is this a supply environment that is not conducive to during the crisis we need to get to normal modules.
Noel White: Robert, certainly appreciate your diligence and looking into the public data. We're just not going to be able to comment on what we'd expect to happen in pricing negotiations, and it's your it's just to really to tell awesome.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And one follow-up. The derivative losses, I assume that's on corn, right, because corn prices fell during the quarter? Or are there other whole grain that's involved for chicken?
Noel White: No, you are correct, Rob. It was corn, soybean meal, the combination of two.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you very much.
Noel White: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to follow-up on the Prepared Foods commentary you've made on Adam's question. So I wanted to understand what – the exact impact wasn't profitability, which clearly was down on a year-over-year basis, but you've mentioned the strength within the retail portion, which is branded and then, obviously, the weakness in foodservice. Could you elaborate a little more on how much actually input cost pressure you had from the raw material side considering that branded piece actually grew by the not branded piece within Prepared Foods declined to understand a little bit the magnitude of the input cost pressure?
Dean Banks: So I won't give a specific number related to input costs, but clearly the increase in pork and beef prices had an impact on our business. As you know, some of our foodservice business primarily is formulaic in nature, and there's some lag related to when the formula is ultimately materialized into our market price. In the retail side and some parts of foodservice, we actually have contract pricing. And the blips in input costs come and go before we actually get back into price negotiations on those products. We're also seeing exceptional demand on the retail side, too. So taking in all of the prices related to what we're experiencing in these report, could have a depressionary effect on demand. So we're focused on growing that category and that's important to us. So not necessarily able to capitalize on the full spike in beef and pork and capture all that margin back.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. That was good commentary. Thank you very much. And then just one question as it comes back to the beef piece and your outlook into next year, and thanks for elaborating on the cattle you're seeing available. So is it fair to assume – this was obviously a very strong quarter and we should not assume that to be a normalized margin environment. But thinking everything else equal, what you were initially expecting for 2020 is most likely going to be what we should in a normal environment expect for next year considering the availability of cattle, et cetera. Is that a fair assumption?
Noel White: Ben, this is Noel. The fundamentals as we go into next year, demand has been strong. Supplies are adequate now. Trying to forecast where margins will be next year relative to this year, we're not prepared to do that. But the fundamentals, Ben, I’d say look favorable with continued strong demand and adequate supplies.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go head.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Noel, best of luck, and Dean, congratulations.
Noel White: Thanks Ken.
Dean Banks: Thank you, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just two questions. One is, Dean as you look at your balance sheet, you have more cash than you've probably had in a long time. How do you expect to allocate that? What is the thought behind that and how do you tie that into a strategy?
Dean Banks: Well, I would say for the time being with all of the uncertainty related to COVID, we think it's important to have ample liquidity to make sure that we can adapt. We've invested heavily into capital equipment and a variety of things to make sure that we can service retail versus foodservice as we've seen demand shift in our markets. Stewart, if you want to…
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, look maybe just a couple of other comments. We are very pleased obviously with our liquidity position, but just thinking about the fourth quarter, we do have some cash payments that are coming up. We've got debt of almost $700 million that's going mature this quarter. We've got dividends. We've called out $1.2 billion of CapEx for the year. So you've got about $300 million coming through in capital expenditures. And there’s a number of places in which cash will go out the door. Don't forget also that as we see the market start to improve, then you're going to also see some increased use of working capital. So I think there are a few specific things on the docket that will absorb some of that cash.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. My second question is, I know that you talked about the direct costs, but the indirect costs, can you provide the magnitude relative – I know you're probably not going to give an exact number, but can we kind of size it? Is it bigger than a breadbox, closer to $340 million, something like that of how much indirect cost you think pressured the company's margins? And where was the greatest degree and sort of kind of helping us frame it? And not so much to give away corporate secrets, but it just helps us kind of forecast going forward, if that's okay.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, there's no specific way to give you a number on indirect costs and that's why we haven't called them out. Obviously things like absenteeism causes a huge amount of disruption in our applause, I think Dean spoke to that that obviously does drive very different financial results. There's huge amount of opportunity cost. I mean, just think about it our foodservice businesses way down ordinarily, that would be operating full steam, so very difficult to give you a number. My best advice is to start with the current run rates and then make some assumptions from that. But I think it's fair to say they were significant like sure said it's impossible to quantify because a lot of it is opportunity cost. However, product mix was also impacted in a fairly substantial way. And as far as the degree of impact, it largely is depending on the number of team members that have been in each one of the sectors, pull through has our greatest number of team members. So they were impacted to a greater extent than our other businesses. But it's fair to say that the likely impact was substantial.
Kenneth Zaslow: Would you say that half of it back to normal, three quarters back to normal, it just some sort of barometer. I know it's really hard and I'm not trying to box you into a corner. It's just trying to figure out, the volatility of number of – this quarter is really not representative of what's going to happen in the future, right? This quarter is an isolated event. I was just trying to figure out if there's a way to kind of start figuring out fundamentals and adjusting it for the inopportune cost.
Noel White: Yes. Okay. Ken it's really – it's not possible to do that, but a lot of the inefficiencies were driven by absenteeism as Dean said that the – that has improved. So we can't give you a specific number of the degree, but it's better than what it was a couple months ago.
Kenneth Zaslow: Correct, and by the way, best of luck everybody. Thank you very much.
Noel White: Thank you, Ken.
Dean Banks: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Noel White for any closing remarks.
Noel White: Thank you for your time today. While the pandemic has been challenging, I'm convinced will come through as an even stronger company. We are the right portfolio, the right resources and the right team to drive long-term performance and shareholder value for a strategy to grow, deliver, and sustain. Once again, I want to thank our team members for their continued efforts during this unprecedented time. There are health and safety are fundamental to our long-term success. Please stay safe and thank you for interest in Tyson Foods.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2020. On today’s call are Noel White, Chief Executive Officer; Dean Banks, President and Stewart Glendinning, our Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today’s prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the Resource Center of the Tyson Investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson’s outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth, and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business including those listed in our 10-Q filed this morning, our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current report on Form 8-K filed March 13, 2020. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, May 4th at 9:00 am Eastern Time. A replay of today’s call will be available on our website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in today’s remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning’s press release. I’ll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thank you, Jon, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot to cover today, but I want to start by saying how proud I am of our team members and the work they’re doing to help feed America during this difficult time. I’ll then touch briefly on our operations and results. Dean will go into further detail about our current operations and Stewart will handle the financial update from this quarter. Day in and day out in the midst of the challenges so many families are facing during this pandemic, our team members are going above and beyond to help us maintain a healthy and stable food supply to our nation and the world. From the bottom of my heart, I want to say thank you to all of them. They’re truly central to everything we’re doing right now. Our number one priority is ensuring their health and safety. The only way we can operate this business is for our team members to feel safe, protected, and not fearful of coming to work. It’s why we put in places a host of safeguards and guidelines at all of our facilities to protect our teams. And as we’ve shown in the recent days, we will not hesitate to idle any plant for deep cleaning when the need arises. Simply put, we will not send anyone into our plants to work unless we are confident that it’s safe. And to do that, we have transformed how we operate. Today, if you visit our facilities, you’ll see state-of-the-art health checkpoints at the entrance; and inside, you’ll see team members wearing proper personal protective equipment, including face masks. You’ll also see tools to help with social distancing. We’ve installed partitions on production lines and in break rooms. And we’ve stepped up our efforts to clean and sterilize everything we can. Education is important part of this effort, and we’re doing our best to ensure our team members understand how they can stay safe at work and at home. Soon, team members will have on-site access to COVID-19 testing and other medical care through our new partnership with Matrix Medical Network, a leading provider of mobile health clinics. We also continue to work closely with federal, state and local health and safety authorities. Last week, as you know, the U.S. government recognized the essential work our team members do by reaffirming meat and poultry processors as a critical part of America’s infrastructure. The President’s executive order under the Defense Production Act establishes clear lines of authority and consistent standards that will help us continue to provide American families with the reliable supply of beef, pork and poultry. I’d now like to briefly talk about the state of our operations. Over the last several weeks, we’ve had to idle several facilities temporarily for deep cleaning, and others are not operating at full capacity due to worker shortages. Despite our slower lines and lower volumes resulting from this pandemic, we believe our core business and financial strength position us well to deliver market share and earnings growth over the long term. And while COVID-19 has been disruptive, we do not believe it changes the outlook for a strong future for Tyson Foods. Now, a quick summary of the quarterly results. Second quarter sales increased to a record $10.9 billion. That’s an increase of more than 4% over last year. This growth was driven by volume increases of 2.6% and price increases of 1.6%. Our adjusted earnings of $0.77 per share were driven by typical seasonality, soft chicken pricing and the impacts of COVID-19. In addition, we spent -- experienced $115 million in negative derivative mark to market adjustments that Dean will discuss in further detail. Important to note that we expect to benefit from the physical offsets associated with these transactions in future periods. From a global perspective, exports to many parts of the world performed well throughout the period. During the second quarter, we saw particular strengthen in exports to Japan and Mexico with double-digit increases in our market share. Research data indicates China is reopening its economy, which is encouraging signal of domestic protein disappearance. Lower levels of supply caused by African swine fever continued to present opportunities fulfill international demand. Now, let’s talk about the current operating environment. The COVID-19 pandemic in the United States has had a significant impact on our channel mix with increased retail and plummeting foodservice demand. From a supply chain perspective, where possible, our facilities have adapted to new product mixes, which has enabled us to ship millions of pounds per week between channels and has set us apart from many of our competitors. Foodservice customers have also reacted with high levels of innovation and adaptation, focusing on takeout and delivery. In fact, some have only seen minimal volume loss. Supermarkets and club stores have been trying to meet heavy demand, and we’ve been able to convert a number of production lines from foodservice to retail to help meet those consumer needs. The direct impacts of the virus have created operational challenges, including absenteeism, reduced production speeds, and selected idling of plants. The scope of our operations continued to provide us with flexibility and redundancy. This is a clear benefit to our Company’s scale. COVID-19-related pressure has affected parts of the industry supply chain, especially pork. However, our diversity of protein provides our customers with options. In addition, our geographic diversity provided important lessons from China, where we first encountered COVID-19-related issues. This includes ways to maintain health and safety of our people, opportunities to pivot to retail, potential pathways for recovery. We expect current conditions to continue during our third quarter with a gradual recovery beginning in the fourth quarter. However, all this depends on the extent to which businesses and schools are able to reopen. We’re well-positioned to operate during this period and to take advantage of increasing demand during the recovery. Our balance sheet is sound and our liquidity position was strong going into the crisis. It’s been further bolstered by the term loan we closed at the end of Q2 and by focusing on continuing operations and managing costs. Stewart will give you more details. We committed $13 million to support critical needs in our local communities. This includes $2 million in community grants, and more than $11 million worth of food and meals donated by the Company since March 11th. Over the coming days, we’ll make product donations equal to an additional 100 million meals. Despite the immediate challenges from COVID-19 and its associated impacts, we’re maintaining a clear focus on the long term. This includes our strategy to grow, deliver and sustain. Global population and income growth will continue to drive an increased need for protein. And our size, diversity of portfolio and broad geographic presence will give us an advantage. In addition, there are changes which will undoubtedly remain with us after the crisis. For example, we expect continued higher levels of ecommerce for both grocery and foodservice. Our early investments in this space have allowed us to capitalize on the growth, and we expect to benefit further in the future. Our industry is heavily dependent on people, but our companies investing aggressively in automating the most difficult jobs in our processing plants. Our balance sheet, liquidity and scale, as well as our diverse product portfolio of products and distribution channels position Tyson to benefit from long-term industry dynamics. Now, I’d like Dean to give us a recap of our business segments.
Dean Banks: Thanks, Noel, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to start by discussing our response to pandemic, but I’ll spend a majority of my time discussing channel dynamics, current operating environment and the long-term outlook for each segment. As Noel discussed, we’ve experienced multiple challenges during our second quarter related to COVID-19. The response by our team members has been nothing short of heroic, and it makes me incredibly proud to be part of this great Company. I personally visited many of our impacted facilities and witnessed firsthand the steps we’re taking to protect our teams. Local health departments and the CDC have also toured our facilities and have been extremely complementary of the measures we put in place to protect our team members and community. The health and safety of our team members remains our top priority. We took early decisive action to provide workspace distancing, PPE and other protective measures. We’ve had no layoffs or furloughs, and have extended $120 million of bonuses and improved benefits to our frontline team members. This will also allow us to quickly recover once we move past the effects of COVID-19. Now, let’s discuss some channel dynamics we’ve observed in the wake of COVID-19. Each of our businesses has witnessed a profound shift from foodservice to retail. Our retail business remains strong and our core retail lines posted gains of more than 20% in the last 13 weeks, outpacing total food and beverage, as well as the top 10 food manufacturers. While panic buying has subsided from extreme levels, we continue to see 15% to 40% volume increases versus last year, depending on the category. As a result of these trends, we have successfully increased volume, margin and share within retail. Historically, approximately 45% of our total Company sales were the retail, 40% foodservice and 15% international. During early Q3, we saw our retail sales move to approximately two-thirds of our total Company sales. While we were successful in shifting some of our production from foodservice to retail, not all of our facilities are able to do so. The volume increases in retail have not been sufficient to offset the losses in foodservice. And as a result, we expect negative year-over-year volumes in the second half of fiscal 2020. Operationally, we have faced two meaningful challenges, slowdown, resulting from team member shortages or choices we made to ensure operational safety and temporary closures related to COVID-19 infection. We’ve continued to pay team members during the slowdowns and closure since maintaining health and continued employment of our team members is important for our longer term success. As a result, we’ve experienced lower levels of productivity and higher cost of production. This will likely continue in the short term until local infection rates begin to decrease. Within the ecommerce channel, we witnessed significant sales growth including a more than 140% month-to-month growth rate in our core business lines sold to a major ecommerce customer. We expect this trend to continue. Going forward, we expect sustained retail sales growth and a slow recovery in our foodservice channel. Now, let’s take a look at our segments. During the second quarter, our Prepared Foods segment produced an operating margin of 9.2%. Top-line growth continued with the seventh straight quarter volume and dollar share growth. Sales were up 2.6% for the quarter, and pricing was up 2.7%. Within the last 13 weeks, total volume, sales, household penetration and share increased across the core business lines. Historically, 60% of our Prepared Foods sales have been to the retail channel and 40% to foodservice. During Q3, we’ve seen greater than 20% growth in our retail sales. This channel, driven by our strong brands and innovation capabilities provides a highest growth potential and margin opportunity across our portfolio. In the current environment, our retail-centric products continue to show strength, while the current reduction in raw material availability may cause short- term outages. Our ability to flex our production footprint between the foodservice and retail channels is limited. Consequently, we currently believe the full effect of these new consumption patterns will result in a net reduction in volume. Looking forward, our market insight, channel flexibility, access to raw material and growing demand give us long-term optimism. We are responding to the changes in consumer demand by pivoting our branded investments and innovation to more value-oriented offerings and two formats and sizes relevant for rapidly evolving channel dynamics such as e-commerce acceleration. Our retail businesses and brands are well-positioned to deliver sustained growth even if we enter into a recessionary environment. Our Beef segment produced an operating margin of 2.7% in the second quarter. Commodity volatility during the quarter resulted in a negative impact of $55 million in derivative mark-to-market adjustments. As Noel mentioned, it’s important to note, this amount does not include physical assets, which may be recognized in future periods. Our beef business has done an excellent job of pivoting from foodservice to retail and continuing to drive innovation. We found new retail applications for products that have traditionally supplied the foodservice channel, which we believe could generate continued demand even in the post COVID-19 environment. These exports remain strong, posting double digit increases compared to the same quarter last year, which have exceeded industry growth rates. Export markets are an important outlet for us now and in the future. In the current environment, we see strong demand and ample supply of cattle, but reduced industry processing capacity due to COVID-19 has pressured the supply chain and has reduced overall profitability. Temporary plant closings dramatically increased operating costs and weakened what would otherwise be a strong margin environment. As a result of the shutdown, cattle producers are met with much lower processing demand for their fed cattle. We recognize how this impacts our producer community and are anxious to safely resume operations at our facilities to provide them with an outlet for their cattle. Looking forward, we expect clinical supplies of cattle coupled with strong demand for beef both domestically and via export, our relationships with producers, industry-leading production capabilities, and customer-centric solutions gives us confidence in the long-term outlook for this business. Moving to our Pork segment, strong demand solid operational execution and ample hog supplies led to a 7.3% operating margin in Q2. As we transition to a ractopamine-free hog supply, our ability to sell pork to the global markets has expanded. This new capability has been met with increasing global demand as African swine fever continues to reduce pork supplies in Asia. Year-over-year increases of pork to China were up significantly for the quarter, and we expect strong demand to continue as China recovers from this COVID-19 lockdown. In the current environment, we see strong demand and ample supply of hogs, but reduced industry processing capacity of nearly 50% to the COVID-19 has pressured the supply chain and dramatically reduced overall profitability. As pork plants across the country have continued to shut down, hog producers are met with much lower processor demand for their market-ready hogs. We recognize how this impacts our producer community and are anxious to safely resume operations at our facilities to provide them with an outlet for their hogs. Looking ahead, we see large supplies of livestock and strong demand driven by a global shortage of pork. We continue to believe the impact of African swine fever in Asia could generate significant future margin potential. Our Chicken segment produced an operating margin of 2.9% in the second quarter. Operating income was negatively affected by a $40 million increase in net feed ingredient reading costs and negative derivative mark to market adjustments. This along with weaker pricing from increased domestic availability of chicken has offset the benefits of our operational improvement initiatives. Weaker pricing dynamics have persisted into the third quarter. Our Chicken segment has higher foodservice exposure than Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods. We responded to demand shifts caused by COVID-19 by adjusting parts of our production capacity from foodservice to retail, but higher retail volumes have not entirely offset the lost volumes from foodservice. Additionally, this channel shift has resulted in lower margin realization as volumes have moved to lower margin products. Also, worker shortages have reduced overall plant efficiency resulting in higher production costs. Due to large domestic supplies coupled with reduced foodservice consumption, we believe our chicken operations are likely to incur losses in the back half of the year. Profit trends will improve as foodservice activity recovers. Turning to our international business. Our China operations were impacted by COVID-19 more than any other region during the second quarter. Despite this, our China team produced record sales and operating income as production was shifted to meet rising retail demand. While China is recovering, other geographies where we produce or sell are being impacted negatively by COVID-19, especially since our international business has historically had a high level of exposure to the foodservice channel. We expect to see a slow recovery across each of our geographies as demand patterns normalize. The profitability will be impacted negatively in the short term. In closing, our businesses across the enterprise are adapting to the dramatic changes brought about by COVID-19 and the response of our team has provided consumers continued access to a safe and affordable food supply. Short-term challenges do not diminish our belief in the Company’s long-term outlook. Our unique business model, diverse portfolio and industry-leading scale will make us stronger and more resilient. Before I hand over to Stewart to take us through the financials, I’d like to thank our 141,000 team members who continue to support our mission of feeding the world. Their health and safety are critical to that mission. Over to you, Stewart.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Dean, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are all staying healthy and safe. I’ll start my remarks this morning by calling out a few highlights from our performance for the quarter. As Noel mentioned, our second quarter results included earnings of $0.77 per share, and operating income of $501 million. Our adjusted results excluded $110 million non-operating gain or $0.23 per share, as we executed the termination of two frozen pension plans by purchasing annuities for the participants. Due to the assets held in the plans, this did not result in a significant cash outflow. We have now exited four pension plans in the last two years as we continue to minimize volatility and cash flow risks associated with pension plans. Sales in Q2 were up over 4% and nearly $10.9 billion with a 4.6% return on sales. Average sales price for the quarter was up 1.6%. Year-to-date operating cash flows were $1.3 billion. As Noel mentioned earlier, our balance sheet is sound and our liquidity position was strong going into the crisis. On March 27th, we successfully entered into a term loan agreement of $1.5 billion, and we borrowed these funds in the first week of our third quarter. This loan ensures financial flexibility and enables us to navigate potential uncertainties in the capital markets, while alleviating our reliance on the commercial paper market that typically serves as our primary means of short-term liquidity. Our liquidity on March 28th, including the undrawn term loan was $2.5 billion and was highest still as of the end of April. During the quarter, we continued to experience some operational effects from our recent ERP system implementation, which impacted margins by roughly $30 million in the quarter. About half of this was discounted sales with the remainder related to inventory write-downs and donations. We believe that we have turned the corner on this issue and expect the incremental costs to ramp down throughout Q3 before returning to historical run rates in Q4. Because of the shift from foodservice to retail, we are closely managing our foodservice-related inventories to minimize any losses and of course, we are working to ensure that our outstanding accounts receivables are collected in this higher risk environment. Including cash of $437 million, net debt was $11.7 billion and net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.9 times for the 12 months ending March 28th. Net interest expense was $116 million for the quarter and capital expenditures were $312 million. We continue to target an overall CapEx return of approximately twice our cost of capital. In the second quarter, we repurchased 700,000 shares for $64 million. Weighted average shares outstanding were approximately $365 million in the quarter. Our effective tax rate was 25.8% in the second quarter, depreciation and amortization was $293 million. Dean has articulated the qualitative aspects of our outlook, which should give you some indication of how we expect our businesses to perform for the balance of the fiscal year. Due to the uncertainty of the COVID-19 impacts, the degree of absenteeism and then the temporary closure of some of our facilities, we are currently unable to provide segment operating margin guidance. Now, I’d like to provide some additional commentary on our outlook. Keep in mind that fiscal 2020 is a 53-week year. However, we have adjusted our outlook to be comfortable to 52 weeks. Net interest expense should approximate $470 million. We project CapEx spending of approximately $1.2 billion for the fiscal year as we progress with building additional processing capacity for case-ready fresh chicken, beef and pork. This is a reduction of more than $100 million from our previous guidance. We may elect to slow down parts of our CapEx spending where appropriate to ensure adequate liquidity. Having said that, we expect liquidity in the back half of the year to remain well above our minimum liquidity target of $1 billion, especially after the issuance of the $1.5 billion term loan. Our capital allocation will continue to prioritize debt reduction. This includes approximately $1 billion of senior note maturities during Q3 and Q4. We did not expect to repurchase shares in the back half of the year, except for minor repurchases related to an employee stock ownership plan. We currently expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 23%. We expect to deliver profit in the back half of the year, assuming that we can continue to operate and supply our plants. Q3 has begun with higher levels of volatility. Early in the quarter, we saw huge volume falls in our retail channel. This demand partially offset declines in our foodservice channel. In recent weeks, we’ve seen a leveling off followed by another surge in retail demand. But as Dean has said, the volume shift from foodservice to retail is likely to be a net negative. The major challenge facing us currently is the degree to which our plants are able to operate. All plants are experiencing varying levels of crewing. We will continue to operate our plants with team member health and safety as a top priority. As you can imagine, the slowdowns and temporary closures related to the pandemic drive higher production costs, and we expect to see those until we resume under more normal conditions. Also, our COVID-19 risk mitigation activities have added costs on the broad range of safety measures we have implemented and continue to support. Despite this, we continue to focus on financial fitness and have partially offset some of these impacts. We will continue to seek out opportunities to remove unnecessary costs from our business. T sum it up, our long-term outlook remains positive. Our diversified business model allows us to react to changes created by major events like COVID-19 and African swine fever. Our balance sheet, liquidity, scale and diversified portfolio of businesses remain strong and should provide some level of protection as we move through the year. We will continue to drive the long-term growth in all parts of our business as we execute against our strategic plan with a constant focus on maximizing long-term value for shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we are ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are staying safe.
Noel White: Thank you, Tim. 
Ken Zaslow: Let me just ask one question and I have a follow-up. One is, can you can you frame the status of your -- Tyson’s operations in each division and the associated costs? So, which divisions are operating at what levels? And how are you complying with getting people back to work, absenteeism? Can you give us a lot of color on that? That’s kind of one of the pressing questions.
Dean Banks: Sure, Ken. First thing I want to say -- and I’m sure you know this, team member safety remains our top priority. And we’re sparing no expense to keep them safe. We are fully complying and been interacting with the government authorities, including the USDA, the CDC, OSHA, and even county and local governments. And we’ve had intermittent outages from time to time as it’s been necessary to make sure that our team members are kept absolutely safe. The expenses related to these closures, I’ll start with PPE. We’ve invested substantially in our protective equipment for our team members, including things like chartering planes to supply masks even before they were mandated by the CDC. We bought some quite expensive thermal scanners to make sure that we can check temperatures for our team members coming in and out of our plants. And other expenses if the inefficiency of the plants driven by the slowing or idling the plants while they’re being checked and while our team members are being tested. Another priority of ours is to keep food on the table of our consumers. And so, that includes running and recovering plants at slower capacities, which from time being but also running them with overtime and additional costs to make sure that whenever we can run them in control, we can put food on the American tables. One expense I can quantify for you is the $120 million in Thank You bonuses we provided to our team members during this time for the hard work. And again, team member safety being our top priority, it is hard to predict the extent of these costs over time.
Ken Zaslow: But, can you talk about the utilization rate? What plants are coming back on line? Which plants are off -- what percentage of your plants are off, kind of given kind of a status of the progression of where you are on your operations on that side?
Noel White: Yes. Ken, this is Noel. It’s very dynamic. I would say that on the pork side of our business, we did take down our Logansport plant, we took down our Waterloo plant, Perry, which was closed for a short period of time. And each one of those plants are in the process of either coming back up or finishing the testing of all of our team members. On the beef side of our business, we took down Dakota City, which is a large facility for us, this past weekend. We’re working with local county, state and federal officials to bring it back up. We took down our Pasco, Washington plant since two weeks ago, to go through the entire testing protocol. Those test results we’re receiving back through the weekend. So, there’s been various impacts, Ken. We will take the plant down for a period of time, and the period of time is varied, anywhere from a few days to a couple of weeks. Does that give you a sense?
Ken Zaslow: Yes. And then, my follow-up question is, you guys wrote in the press release that you think chicken prices will not go up. Let me just frame this and help me understand where I’m wrong. We have less chicken production, we have less beef production, we have less pork production, we potentially will have less hogs, we potentially might have less cattle, and we do still have a shortage of protein globally. How do you expect chicken prices to not go up in that scenario? What am I missing? And I get the demand shift. But, I think that’s more fluid.
Noel White: Ken, it really depends on the assumptions. And our assumptions is that plants will come back up as we go through Q3 and Q4. And it’s really the impacts of each one of those, the poultry plants, pork plants, beef plants. Total animals available, as you know, it’s up year-over-year, 4-plus-percent. So, we’re assuming that these plants, not only ours but others will, in fact, they’ll go down for a period of time and then reopen. So, we are actually looking at an increase in total protein available as we go through the balance of Q3, Q4.
Dean Banks: Ken, I would just add that mix plays a really strong role in this. As you probably know, a substantial portion of our business has been in foodservice, which is down. And our retail business is up. But as we mentioned in the call, those do not perfectly counterbalance. And so, that will also have an impact on our long term blended sale price.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: So, I’d like to actually follow up on the chicken situation. So, in the past, we’ve always seen in your case a little less volatility, just because of the way you price through. And I understand that foodservice is substantially under pressure and you can’t offset that for retail. But, could you walk us a little through your relationship with the different customers feed and retail and foodservice, what you’re seeing on the featuring side, and how you think of pricing those products towards back half of your fiscal year?
Dean Banks: Sure. Our retail customers have been phenomenally supportive. And we continue to work with them as we always would, and we’re not planning to take price increase there. As it relates to foodservice specifically, we have seen some of our customers really get decimated due to the COVID crisis and closure of restaurants, limited supply in deli and that sort of thing. We have seen some of our customers, specifically QSRs recover very well. Their model of having takeout food and drive-thrus, have really allowed them to be resilient and continue to thrive in the market.
Ben Theurer: Okay. And then, my follow-up is more of a medium long-term question. So clearly, and you’ve mentioned it in your prepared remarks, there’s currently a significant decrease in demand from a processing point of view on pork and beef, which obviously causes all the farmers to basically stick with the animals. What is your expectation in terms of cattle hog supply looking out a couple of years from now and in terms of potential reactions from farmers on the loss making? And how are you actually paying your suppliers, the farmers when you buy off? Do you really get the benefit of the low live cattle and live hog prices right now or do you not see that much of a benefit coming through because you’d rather look long-term and want to support the farmers in the short-term to basically secure supply in the medium long-term?
Noel White: Yes, Ben. Let me tell you, first of all, we believe it’s critically important that our livestock suppliers thrive and continue to be profitable. So, we’re doing everything possible to process as many animals as possible to make sure that there is a market for those animals. Longer term outlook, Ben, it’s truly dependent on the closures of plants over the course of the next 60 to 90 days. There has been a backlog of inventory that’s developed with both, hogs and cattle, and that will continue if plant closures continue at the pace that we’re at right now. Longer term, I would say that -- on pork, it really depends on the degree of liquidation that we see over the course of the next 90 days. So, if, as an example, the weaned or baby pigs are in fact euthanized, that will have an impact sometime later this calendar year; if the sows, if the mothers are liquidated, then that has longer term implications that goes out over the course of the next 12 to 24 months. We’re not seeing the same thing happen with cattle yet. A lot of the cattle are still in pasture or been on feed for a number of days. The weight is increasing, but it’s not at the critical point that pork is at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: I just wanted to follow up actually on Ken’s initial question just around the cost. Obviously, it’s helpful to have the detail on $120 million in bonuses. And Dean, you outlined a number of other costs in terms of medical equipment or PPE math. I mean, is there any way at least at this point to quantify that and to the extent that you’re willing to say? On a go forward basis, I mean, some of these costs are going to be recurring. I mean, is it fair to assume that there’s now just structurally higher costs in the business, and we’ve kind of changed from a paradigm standpoint, in terms of the equipment we need in plants for employees?
Dean Banks: So, I’ll just mention a few things here is that as this disease has progressed, as we’ve learned more, anything that we can find or discover that can improve safety in our facilities, we are doing. And when it comes to the long-term structural cost of the business, there are some things that we’re installing now. For example, these thermal scanners that will -- we will leave installed and they’ll provide even benefit whenever we move into the next flu season to just help our team members better understand, they’re starting to develop sickness early and that sort of thing. But no, it’s not possible to really quantify or put a number on what those costs are going to look like related to COVID-19.
Peter Galbo: And one of the other things you guys spoke about was automation, moving to put as much automation into plants as much as you can, as quickly as you can. Can you maybe just rank order for us among the four kind of top segments, from top to bottom, most automated, the least automated and to that extent, is it 25% of the operations are automated, 50% of the operations are automated? Any color there would be helpful.
Dean Banks: I think, it’s difficult to describe in a lot of ways, because some of our plants have expenses -- scaled equipment for things like producing ground beef and sausage and that sort of thing. We do have some robotic automation and things like palletizing and that sort of thing. The thing that I would stress is that automation provides really a lot of things, but one of the things that I would stress is flexibility where we had installed some Multivac vacuum packaging systems for products like beef and pork. What we’ve seen is that those businesses’ ability to very quickly shift those products from retail or from foodservice to retail, which has been really beneficial to those businesses. But, it’s difficult to really put a percentage on automation across each of the business units.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, I guess, my first question goes back in the prepared remarks. I believe the comment was the expectation for chicken business with the operating losses for the balance of the fiscal year. And I’m just trying to maybe break that apart a little bit and tie it into some of Ken’s questioning. Just can you help think about that from a kind of commodity price outlook versus volume versus mix versus operating costs? Just help us think about how we’re going from where we’ve been on margins to losses, and just think about the drivers, so that we can watch the market evolve and assess your performance against?
Noel White: Sure. You’re accurate. That was in the prepared remarks. Based on what we see right now in the marketplace, as I mentioned on an earlier question that we are in fact expecting an increase in protein supplies through the balance of this, at least fiscal year, like the calendar year. And with that, there will likely be as there has been the last few months an oversupply of poultry in the market. Total number of animals available has not changed at this point. So, whether it’s beef, pork or Chicken, we’re looking at increased supply. So, most recently in the -- over the course the last couple weeks, there have been some shortages in some specific categories. However, in total, as we go into Q4, we expect supplies to be increasing and therefore not any pricing recovery.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then, I guess, my follow-up is -- it’s more broad across the business. In the face of some pretty unprecedented kind of volume and throughput issues that you’re facing around labor availability, can you just help fame, in the businesses, kind of what percentage of costs that are fixed? And in this period, I presume labor is going to be the single biggest fixed cost, just to help us think about the volume decrementals that you’d be experiencing in the face of the throughput challenges that you have?
Noel White: Each plant is a little different. So, it’s hard to give you a precise number. I can tell you, it’s significant in the millions of dollars per week in some of our larger facilities such as some of our beef and pork operations; poultry, not the same extent but still expensive; and then, we have a number of plants that we operate in our Prepared Foods space that we’ve not seen a big impact. And we certainly hope that that continues. So, each plant is a little bit different, depending on which plant we need to take down and how long.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research LLC. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to follow up on the chicken pricing comment. So, is that a Tyson-specific comment? And also, you mentioned mix, but is there also an element of you guys have cost-plus contracts and clearly see costs are down. So, is that a component and -- for that comment as well?
Noel White: Well, anytime we make any comments, Heather, it is specific to Tyson. Obviously, we don’t know what others in the industry are going to do. All we can do is look at industry data. So, yes, the outlook is specific to us. And, we can look at egg sets, we can -- placements. We can look a lot of different numbers, and we have no sense what others going to do. That’s purely our outlook at this point in time.
Heather Jones: To my question, does that include some effect to cost-plus contracts given lower fees?
Noel White: Cost-plus lower -- yes, it would be passed through in the cost-plus contract. Yes. Alternatively, if costs go up, price goes up; cost inputs go down, price goes down.
Heather Jones: Okay. My follow-up question is on the production side, or volume side I should say. I realize when the Beef and Pork side is going to be a function of how soon you guys are able to get those up and fully running, but on the Chicken side, how should we be thinking about volumes on that front for the back half?
Noel White: Different plants have been impacted to different extents. I would say, Heather, so far, we have had some disruption at a couple of our facilities that we’ve taken them down for a relatively short period of time, days or week. And we don’t know obviously, what the effect is going to be in the future. We are and will continue to work with all the local, county, states and federal officials to make sure that our team members are safe. So, at this point, we’ve not seen a tremendous impact on our poultry business. And obviously, we don’t know what that’s going to look like over the course of the next three to six months.
Heather Jones: So, you aren’t able to ballpark what your Chicken volumes will be, up or down year-on-year in the back half?
Noel White: It’s just total production, we think will be up, as I mentioned earlier.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: So, I guess, my question is, are you able to go segment by segment and tell us roughly what the mix is between foodservice and retail? And then, give us an idea of how much the retail is down at the moment, post the panic buying period, so I guess April, versus obviously foodservice, how is that down; and retail how much is that part across Beef and Chicken and Prepared Foods as well? And then, I have a follow-up.
Noel White: Okay. Alexia, I don’t have the numbers at hand by a specific poultry group. However, as Dean said in his remarks, retail is up, it’s up sharply. And it depends on the week, depends on the months I think in terms of 30% to 40% up. Foodservice is recovering, I would say. And each -- within foodservice itself, each sector is down to varying degrees. So, down in rough numbers, 25% to 30% on foodservice in total, but it does vary substantially depending on the type of the foodservice establishment.
Dean Banks: If you take a look at our segment data in the Q, you get some sense of what are his historic numbers have looked like by channel. So, that doesn’t give it to you by segment, but it’ll give you a good sense of what the various volumes are on exposure to foodservice. If you apply some of the percentages that Noel has suggested to that, I think it’ll give you -- it’ll give you a sense. But, bear in mind that when you look at that, one of those channels is industrial, and part of that is going to be foodservice. So, we sell on to somebody else that then processes for foodservice. But, I think that’s the best place to look.
Alexia Howard: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you. And then, to follow up, obviously, you can’t give guidance for the next quarter, but a third of the way into it. You mentioned the chicken profits are likely to be I think negative in the back half of the year. Can you give us any sort of idea of how things are looking so far in the first quarter?
Noel White: I’d says, it’s too early for us to do that. And like I said, it is very fluid. So, on a given day and given week, it can change substantially. So, I’m not comfortable in making any comments today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ken Goldman: I wanted to dig in on the comment that you expect chicken production to be up in the back half of your fiscal year. I think, that’s a critical point here, because we’re already seeing exits way down. We’re seeing chicks place numbers down even more. So, there’s eggs being cracked. There are some at least rumors about some in the industry, ordering fewer pullets and maybe killing off heavy hens at a faster rate. If that’s already happening and I’m asking if it is, as far as you can tell, and if the industry is margin negative, why would the industry increase production in the back half of the year? I understand part of it is because plants are coming back on line, I do get that. But I don’t quite get why we would assume that given all this what’s happening already that industry production wouldn’t be a little bit less than what we thought previously. Maybe I can just pause there and hear what you say about that. Thanks.
Noel White: Yes. And that very well could be the case. We look at the public data just like you do. We’re starting to see indications that there have been some cutbacks. We don’t know what others are doing. But, given the profit structure right now, I’d say that certainly could be the case. We don’t know. But, I think as you know, in poultry business, it can change much quicker than what it would be in both pork and beef. S, the things that -- the promises that you’re proposing could in fact play out that way.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then, my follow-up -- thank you for that. My follow-up is on a little bit about the nature of the industry, whereby labor is such a big part of the cost basis. And when you think about other production facilities, because if I walk around a Hershey plant or a Kellogg plant, I mean, there’s nobody that you can see, except a couple of people, making sure that the boxes aren’t falling off the line. If you look around a chicken plant, it’s wall-to-wall people. And I know you guys are doing everything you can to prevent it from being a problem to your plant. But, as we think about going forward, how do we potentially reduce the number of people in your plants? Is there a way -- I know, the industry has tried for years to get better at automation. Is it more of a priority now for you or for the industry to automate some of these production factors, or is it just something that the nature of meat is that you can’t do it? It’s more specialized, part by part. So, I’m hoping that makes sense. I’m just curious for what your thoughts there and what opportunity is?
Noel White: Ken, as I mentioned, probably close to a year ago that we started investing fairly heavily in technology, automation, and that hasn’t changed. We continue to invest in that segment. I do think that over the course of a time that the amount of automation will in fact, continue to increase, particularly, in some of the more difficult jobs and positions. I can tell you that, we as an example, we’ve invested a significant amount of money I would say in our attempt to minimize any foreign objects where we’re using vision technologies to try and identify anywhere --we’re working in the debone area, within poultry, we have a number of initiatives within beef and pork. So, I believe it’s not only us as a company, I think the industry will continue to look for solve through automation. So, I think it will probably -- it will likely accelerate from this point.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thanks so much.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Noel White: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You do have good channel split, even by segment in your full year filings. And so, just curious, within foodservice, you mentioned that a range of performances of how those customers are doing. Can you give us a sense of who’s faring the best? And how you forecast, given how they compare, and just what some of that landscape looks like?
Dean Banks: Hi. This is Dean. We’re not going to be able to comment on a customer by customer basis. What we’re hoping for is a relatively U-shaped curve, long U-shaped curve coming out of this crisis, which will be really beneficial to the small business owner restaurants and distributors. We’d love to see their business really start to recover in the coming quarters, especially as states start to open up. As it relates to who is faring best. As I said before, our QSR customers are really those that are outperforming, because of the flexibility of their model in both historical abilities, either delivered through click and collect, takeout, drive-thru, et cetera.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That’s helpful. And just as a follow-up, back on chicken, I was just curious, maybe how much visibility you have and specifically things like what amount of the pressure on margins is one-time, say the worker bonuses for example. And should we expect losses in both quarters? I know you’re talking about it in aggregate. Just any sense of maybe, given at least what you know now, how you think that plays out?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, I mean, we’re not going to give you quarter by quarter. We wanted to make sure that we highlighted the back half of the year. And I think, look, when you stand back and look at Chicken for a second to say, first of all, there is a net negative in volume; second is a margin impact as a result of switching from foodservice; and third, you’ve got some incremental costs, which relate both to some of the onetime worker costs and also more inefficiency in the plants as we try to run them in this environment. Those last two are big numbers, and I do not think that those are with us permanent.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes. Hi. I just wanted to get your sense in terms of, I know you mentioned that you -- some of the hogs are being backed up or whatever. But by the time, let’s say all the workers came back with all the social distancing and things needed to maintain workers’ safety, I mean, what do you think, is either an industry or your capacity utilization rate that we could expect in Pork and at the Beef perhaps relative to maybe where it was pre-COVID-19? Can you get back to kind of those same daily kill rates that we saw three months ago?
Noel White: Assuming that the plants continue to operate, Michael… 
Michael Piken: Yes. Assuming the plants are operating, let’s say the workers were willing to show up due to do the safety, like, could we get back to where -- I mean, could we be doing 2.8 million hogs a week?
Noel White: The answer would be yes. Over the course of last number of years that pork industry has been growing between 2% and 4% per year. The industry infrastructure is set up to deal with that number of hogs. So, yes, we can certainly get back to those types of numbers.
Michael Piken: Okay. And then, I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks that Beef has a potential to be quite profitable in the back half of year, but you didn’t really comment too much on Pork. Is it just because the operating rates are lower in Pork that you are less confident on that side of the business, or was I reading your remarks wrong or the lack of commentary?
Noel White: No, there is nothing intended by the lack of comments there, Michael. If the plants get back up and running as we expect them to be, we would expect that the margin structure within Pork to continue at fairly healthy numbers. Year-to-date, we’re just short of 11% return on sales or Q2 is a little over 7%. So, I think that it’s certainly possible that we’d able to maintain those types of numbers as we look forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: A couple of questions. I think, Noel, you just said that you think the industry could get back to 2.8 million pigs per week, if attendance improves, but you’re also implementing more social restrictions in the plants and more safety precautions. And I got to imagine that that slows down facilities as well. So, is it possible to break down your incremental costs and your utilization rates based on what you’re seeing in terms of attendance right now? And then, also in terms of the safety measures you need to put in place, because I got to imagine the safety measures are going to be with us for a while?
Noel White: Yes. I think, that’s a fair assumption, Rob. I think that the slowdown in speeds and production throughput, Robert, it -- we’ve done everything possible to protect all of our team members, all of our employees, including social distancing. And I’d say, it’s too soon to tell at this point, if in fact, that’s a permanent structural change, where we would have to slow down a line to have the social distancing that’s needed. So, we can’t quantify specifically what that might mean going forward. We’re still working through with all the -- both the state and federal officials as to what that might look like going forward.
Rob Moskow: Well, you’re doing it right now, aren’t you? I mean, you’re saying that you’re taking all these precautions right now. It’s obviously the right thing to do. Have you made any estimates as to the degree to which that slows down the facilities and reduces utilization?
Noel White: We know specifically what that means right now, Rob. But, we’re a company that continuously innovates and work on better processes, and that continues to be the case. So, I don’t think it’s accurate to think that what we’re doing today necessarily has to be the case, let’s say, 12 months from now.
Rob Moskow: And then, a follow-up. You said that chicken margins are likely to be negative in the back half. Is it possible there to kind of isolate the degree to which that has to do with just excess supplies on the market versus incremental operating costs at the plants for safety and also the absenteeism?
Stewart Glendinning: So, first of all, we didn’t say that margins will be negative. We said that chicken would likely be unprofitable in the backdrop of the year. And I think just a couple questions ago, I sort of framed that. There’s a combination of factors. And the only one that I didn’t point to just because it’s ongoing is weaker pricing. But, if you go back and just look at those factors, the ongoing weaker pricing that we’ve seen, the negative impact of loss of volume, the mix shift between foodservice and retail, and then, of course, just the efficiency levels in the farm, which have been impacted by worker availability, by some of the measures that we’ve taken and then of course the bonuses, that sort of frames out the picture in chicken. I can’t give you any more detail than that.
Rob Moskow: Stewart, can you help me understand what you meant by unprofitable then? If it’s not negative margins, what does it mean?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I’ve assumed, when you said margin, then you were thinking about gross margin. But, if you think about operating margin, then that’s true. I was saying, it’s going to be unprofitable at the operating income level.
Rob Moskow: In that case, we’re both in line. That’s just what I meant. Okay.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. We’re lined up.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask about the executive order. I think, it was helpful in standardizing the processes and procedures around which you guys would open across various states and counties and facilities across the industry. I’m wondering what else it does. I think, there’s been some reference to potentially defraying PPE costs, liabilities. If you could elaborate on kind of the benefits or what that executive order brings to you guys and the rest of the industry from a cost perspective, as well as clarifying the operating procedures?
Dean Banks: Hi. This is Dean. I’ll stress -- your first point is really -- cannot be understated. So, -- it cannot be overstated. The uniformity with which our plants are governed, really being dictated by the experts, the CDC, the OSHA, USDA, is critical for us to both maintain industry standards high. We’ve actually had a few of our plants visited by folks like state government health officials and CDC. And they’ve actually asked to work with not only food industries coming back on line, but also other industries to show them how we’ve taken care of our team members. The second point about PPE, we moved very, very quickly, early in the process to secure PPE for our team members. But those go quickly in our business. And so, the other benefit of the executive order is really to make sure that we have long-term abundant supplies depending on how long this pandemic ultimately lasts, things like masks, hairnets et cetera. We’ve gone so far and sometimes just gave out masks to team members so that they can operate in their community where they know that there may be some latent disease, so that they can operate safely in the community and not bring that back into the plant. So, those are really the two main benefits of the order.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. And you made some allusions to export and how those have fared year-to-date and kind of your outlook of it. But I’m curious. I know it varies by protein segments. But do we need to see higher crude oil prices and a weaker relative dollar in more stable global environment in the context of COVID to see exports improve, or do you think that we can see significant improvement in exports exclusive of those factors?
Noel White: I think we can see they’re exclusive of those factors, Ben that exports year-to-date have been strong, interest continues to be strong despite very low oil prices. So, the global fundamentals that we’re looking at 6 to 12 months ago haven’t changed, that global protein demand still continues to grow at about a 2% rate. Production volume is not increasing at the same level. United States historically has been a low-cost supplier of protein, beef, pork and chicken to global market. So, we don’t see that changing. And the demand that we’ve seen over the course of the last 30 to 60 days, I think this just reinforces that. And that’s why we’re encouraged on a long-term basis of the outlook. That hasn’t changed. We have the headwinds and challenges in front of us right now that we deal with. And as long as we make sure that our team members are safe in our plants. That’s priority number one. Priority number two is making sure that this Company is positioned for the long term over the course of the next 10-20-50 years to continue to be successful. So, we’re not only dealing with the short term, but we also are deeply -- we’re deeply -- we view the long-term on -- take it very, very seriously.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thanks. Be well and best of luck.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Noel White for any closing remarks.
Noel White: Thank you for your time today. One of the hallmarks of Tyson is turning insights into actions. The current environment presents significant opportunities for our Company as we assess and react to changes in the consumer landscape. We’ll leverage our resources and infrastructure as we continue our role as a leader in food production. Let me conclude by saying, the responsibility of feeding our nation goes beyond anyone business. Working together, we’re confident we can mitigate the spread of COVID-19 in our communities and keep it away from our plants and help the food supply chain intact. Please stay safe. And we look forward to talk to you soon.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods' First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated earnings conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. On today's call are Noel White, Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, our Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the Resource Center of the Tyson Investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth, and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Thursday, February 6 at 9:00 A.M. Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on our website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in today's remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning's press release. I'll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thanks Jon and good morning everyone. Along with Stewart, joining us in the room today is Dean Banks who joined the company at the beginning of the month and is beginning to transition to his new role as President of our company. Welcome Dean. We're pleased to report we delivered top and bottom-line growth in our first quarter and generated record Beef results. Before I speak to these results, I'd like to talk about our focus on sustainability to meet the growing global demand for protein that's why we recently announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos the creation of the Coalition for Global Protein. A combination of strategies and solutions including all forms of protein are needed to responsibly feed a world population expected to reach almost 10 billion in 2050 requiring an estimated doubling of the production of protein needed today. Our goal is to unite stakeholders across the food and agricultural sector to develop new and creative solutions to sustainably feed the world with affordable nutritious food. We believe this reflects positively on our strategy which is focused on sustaining our company and our world for future generations, while growing our business by delivering superior value to consumers and customers and fueling our growth and returns through commercial, operational, and financial excellence. Turning to our results, our overall first quarter was in line with expectations with adjusted earnings of $1.66 per share. Beef and Pork results were strong. Prepared Foods drove growth in retail consumption. The Chicken improved operationally, although continued to face soft pricing which weighed on results. Looking across the marketplace, consumption of our retail Prepared Food products has been outstanding. Both the Tyson core retail business lines which were up more than 5% and total Tyson retail up more than 3% outpaced volume and sales growth versus the top 10 retail food manufacturers in the 52 weeks ending December 28th. This growth contrasts with the total food and beverage category which was down 0.4% for the same period. We've now experienced six consecutive quarters of growth. Our core business lines are outpacing the categories with volume share growth of 1% and all core business lines are holding or growing share. In the Foodservice channel, our Foodservice Focus six product lines grew 3.5% and were twice the total broadline distribution channel growth of 1.6% over the last 13 weeks. The power of our Foodservice brands, innovation, and capabilities across all channels has set the stage for growth. In the last three months, Jimmy Dean Breakfast Sausage volume grew 10%; Tyson Red Label grew 17%; and the Tyson brand grew 8%. Now, let's take a look at our business segments. In Prepared Foods, growth and share performance has been outstanding, especially with our big brands. Retail innovation launched at the end of fiscal 2019 is performing well with velocities meeting or exceeding targets on the national launches of Jimmy Dean Biscuit Roll-Ups and Jimmy Dean Morning Combos with both demonstrating velocity performance in the top half of their respective categories. While still early, Biscuit Roll-Ups show potential for driving category growth. Prepared Foods profit margin in the first quarter was impacted by an $80 million increase in raw material costs driven by beef trim and hams. Some of this increase was offset by pricing though Prepared Foods may continue to experience volatile input costs. We continue to experience some operational effects from our recent ERP system implementation which impacted margins by roughly $40 million in the quarter. About half of this was discounted sales with the remainder related to inventory write-downs and donations. Although, the effects have persisted longer than anticipated, we continue to work aggressively to resolve them and we are seeing progress. In the alternative protein category, the Raised & Rooted brand is only the beginning of our plan to build the world's leading portfolio of plant protein products. In the back half of the year, we're planning multiple new launches across protein forms, brands, meal occasions and channels. Over time, we see these options as another stable protein complementing our core offerings. We're being practical and thoughtful in our approach to enable us to create better product experiences with healthier nutritious ingredients at affordable prices. Looking ahead for the Prepared Foods segment, we expect to maintain our momentum in the market. We will do this by continued investment behind our brands through marketing, promotions and innovation. And we will remain agile with pricing to offset input costs driven by the volatility of raw materials. For the fiscal year, we believe the Prepared Foods segment's adjusted operating margin will be 10% to 12%. Our Beef segment produced a record adjusted operating margin of 11.2% in the first quarter. The quality of domestic-fed cattle has been excellent. This makes every link of the beef supply chain more valuable, whether it's a producer, the packer or the retailer and results in a better product for consumers. Our premium programs continue to grow as a percentage of sales. Our customers and consumers are seeing the value in our quality and it's translating into increased revenue. Our Fresh Meats premium programs have nearly doubled over the last five years to approximately £1 billion. I'm pleased to report that our Finney County, Kansas plant damaged by fire last August is now back to full operations. Beef exports are strong with the potential to be even stronger now that trade agreements have been formalized. I'd like to remind you however that our second quarter is typically our most challenging for Beef. In addition to the challenges caused by winter weather in the Midwest, the drought in Australia has forced a herd liquidation putting more beef on the global market. Looking ahead, exports from Australia are expected to decline substantially as the ongoing drought and the tragic fires are likely to delay their herd rebuilding. With Australian beef amounting to quarter of U.S. beef imports, this could be beneficial to our business. Our export sales continue to equal or exceed industry growth rates. For fiscal 2020, we're expecting our Beef segment's adjusted operating margin to meet the upper end of 6.5% to 7.5%. Moving to our Pork segment. Strong pork demand and solid operational execution along with ample hog supplies led to a 14% adjusted operating margin in Q1. Export markets were the primary driver for increased demand. We believe that we are at the very early stages of the global demand shifts that we've expected from African swine fever. We're filling additional orders to China and we've seen year-over-year increases nearly 600% in the first quarter and we're already benefiting from indirect shipments as we backfill in other markets. We've progressed towards a ractopamine-free hog supply. This will open up more markets to us as the need to move product globally increases. In fact, global demand for all proteins is increasing as ASF continues to reduce pork supplies in Asia. For fiscal 2020, we're expecting our Pork segment's adjusted operating margin to be 6% to 8%. Now turning to the Chicken segment. We're pleased that our execution is better and operations are on track to deliver $200 million year-over-year run rate improvement. However, pricing which has been weaker than expected was the primary driver of our return on sales in Q1, but softer pricing has persisted into the second quarter. All leading indicators point to domestic poultry supply growth and the USDA is projecting a 4% increase in chicken production. I previously indicated global protein suppliers being impacted by ASF, while demand continues to grow at about 2% per year. In light of ASF, we anticipate global demand will keep pace with U.S. supply growth as Chinese imports of U.S. chicken are expected to double. Domestically, we'll continue to innovate and drive demand in the frozen value-added space with products like Tyson Air Fried Chicken. This product launched last July with strong customer acceptance and is demonstrating dollar velocity performance in the top half of the category. Early data shows that the Tyson Air Fried Chicken is attracting new consumers and driving growth in this $2.6 billion category. Looking ahead in the Chicken segment, we expect an annual adjusted operating margin of 4% to 6% driven primarily by softer pricing and overall chicken supply. In International and Other, both our legacy and newly acquired businesses are contributing to our improved international performance. We see the potential to expand in these growth markets, which are estimated to drive 98% of global protein demand increases over the next five years with 70% of that growth coming from Asia. We have a business of scale and there are still synergies to unlock. We have high-quality assets and a strong team led by Chris Langholz who recently joined the company as President of International. Chris has an extensive background in global protein and we welcome him to the Tyson team. Our legacy International business are performing well increasing sales and earnings. The new acquisitions are providing great platforms for growth. We're committed to becoming the global leader in protein by serving emerging markets and strategic customers across channels and across segments. Across our businesses, trade deals are contributing to our optimism. We believe with improved access to global markets from recent trade deals, we are well positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the global marketplace. In addition to U.S. trade deals with Japan and South Korea, we're very pleased the Phase one trade agreement with China and the USMCA have both been signed. An important benefit of the deal with China is the inclusion of more protein eligible for shipment. We're shipping product to China and have more orders on the books. But keep in mind that tariffs that remain in place puts the U.S. at a pricing disadvantage in the Chinese market. If tariffs are lifted or reduced, we would likely see an acceleration of already increased global demand for U.S. pork, beef and chicken. We're closely monitoring news of the coronavirus. We're actively assessing what this outbreak may mean for us for our global business and preparing for the possibility of any impact. In China, we've been working with the government and have successfully restarted some of our operations. The financial impact is unknown at this time. With that I'll now ask Stewart to take us through the financials.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Noel and good morning everyone. Our first quarter results were inline with our expectations with earnings of $1.66 per share, up 5% from Q1, 2019. Operating income was $894 million, up 6% over last year. First quarter GAAP operating income was impacted $52 million or $0.11 per share for a restructuring charge and $16 million net of insurance proceeds or $0.03 per share for costs related to a fire at our beef plant in Finney County, Kansas. Sales in Q1 were up 6% to just over $10.8 billion with an 8.3% return on sales. Sales volume was up 4.7% and average sales price was up 1.4%. Our operating cash flows were $894 million for the quarter and liquidity was $1.4 billion at quarter end. Including cash of $497 million net debt was $11.2 billion and net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.7 times for the 12-month ending December 28. Net interest expense was $117 million in Q1. Capital expenditures were $312 million in the quarter and we continue to target an overall CapEx return of approximately twice our cost of capital. Our capital allocation will continue to prioritize debt reduction while reinvesting in our business for organic growth buying back stock and increasing our dividend. In the first quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $132 million. Weighted average shares outstanding were approximately $367 million in the quarter. Our effective tax rate was 22.7% in the first quarter. Depreciation and amortization was $288 million. As Noel said, our newly acquired international businesses are contributing to the improvement in our International operations. Their contributions are inline with or better than our expectations, despite the high amortization and purchase price accounting loads placed on them. Noel has articulated our segment return on sales guidance which should give you an indication of how we expect our businesses to perform. Now I'd like to provide some additional commentary on our outlook. Keep in mind that fiscal 2020 is a 53-week year. However we have adjusted our outlook to be comparable to 52 weeks. Net interest expense should approximate $450 million. We continue to project approximately $1.3 billion in CapEx for the fiscal year, as we progress with building additional processing capacity for case-ready fresh chicken, beef and pork and we plan to scale back CapEx when those projects are completed. We expect liquidity to remain above our $1 billion target. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 23.5%. I would like to remind you that Q2 is normally a weaker quarter for us and we have seen a slower than expected start in January. For Q2 fiscal year 2020, we are expecting lower earnings than Q1 driven by continued weak market conditions in chicken, higher raw material costs and some residual ERP impacts in Prepared Foods and normal seasonal cyclicality in beef and pork. When combined with the overall availability of protein a continuation of these factors will likely result in our earnings being lower than the same quarter last year. This is before any potential impacts to our business from coronavirus. Improvements in the back half are dependent upon achieving expected savings and pricing improvements in Chicken, managing to offset raw material cost increases in Prepared Foods and continued strong demand for beef and pork later in the year. That concludes my remarks and now we'll go back to Noel for additional commentary. Noel?
Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. Supply-demand dynamics have become much more global and our diversified business model and global footprint put us where the growth is occurring and allow us to capitalize on growth opportunities. In addition, we're encouraged by potential increased, export demand and the resulting reduced domestic availability of proteins. In closing, our strong brands, strong team, world-class assets, great customers and a global footprint to meet growing demand for protein leave us well positioned for future success. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Noel White: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. I'm sure others will be focusing on the Chicken dynamics, but just to kick things off at a higher level, can you give us an update on where things stand with the trade agreements particularly with China? What's going on with the tariff situation? And what are you seeing in terms of international shipments? Because I know that it's -- there's things opening up around the world for you. How do you expect that to evolve over time?
Noel White: Yeah. Actually we are very pleased that our government has come to trade agreements just since our last conference call with Japan and Korea, Phase one agreement with China with USMCA. So we're very pleased with the progress that our government has made. Shipments continue and interest has been strong. We are currently shipping and we have more orders on the books for China. And our business in the other countries that I mentioned continue to be strong as well not only those countries, but other countries around the world. So from a trade perspective, it looks very promising. And as you might have seen overnight some of the tariffs that have been in place with China were lowered by approximately 5%. So that's great progress as well.
Alexia Howard: Great. And as a follow-up we have seen the pork cutout price start to increase over here as we would expect. We haven't seen much movement in terms of the grocery on-shelf pricing, which ultimately could start to drive the overall meat on the below part. Do you anticipate that those retail prices will start to increase on the Pork side and then start to bleed out into the other parts of the business as well?
Noel White: Alexia, first of all, I think pork continues to be a great value in the marketplace. And whether it's beef or chicken, chicken is also very attractively priced and whether there's room to raise prices on pork I think it really depends on what happens to cutout over the course of the next 60 days or so. I don't think retailers are going to immediately going to change prices because of some short-term increases in wholesale prices. I think that if they believe that that will continue to be the case then they will. I think it's too soon to call.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Noel White: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Zaslow with the Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone.
Noel White: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just have two questions. One is can you talk about your chicken operations outlook? The industry is clearly going -- is kind of soft, but can you parse out the difference between what happened Tyson internally issues and underlying fundamentals for the chicken industry? And where is that going to go? Again, the quarter is done second quarter is largely kind of in the books as well. But can you talk about where the outlook will go and how you kind of think about that?
Noel White: Sure Ken. First of all, our chicken operations, if you remember last quarter I said that we expected a $200 million improvement year-over-year in 2020 versus 2019 purely from a performance standpoint. And I am pleased to say that we are on track for the run rate of capturing that $200 million. So our plants continue to perform better than what they were. However, the pricing environment on poultry has been relatively weak and that's obvious in public available data, so the improvements that we've captured purely from a performance standpoint has been either offset or more than offset by the weakness in wholesale pricing.
Ken Zaslow: So you think it's mostly the industry not your operations that has created a downside to your guidance?
Noel White: Absolutely. Yes.
Ken Zaslow: Then my second question is just building on Alexia's question is, when you're thinking about the exports, can you tell me what you think the exports will increase for chicken beef and pork in 2020 and more importantly 2021? Are we looking at double-digit increases across the board? Are we looking at 20%? Like how do you think about this in terms of how the export picture will build over the next -- for each of the proteins?
Noel White: Ken, I can't give you an exact number as to what the expectation of the increase is going to be. I think it will certainly increase. And if we take back through 2019, there was a run-up in hog prices in the spring and exports didn't material quite as quickly as what was expected. There were heavy shipments coming out of both South America and Europe to China. And then the Chinese stepped into the U.S. market and we saw the effect of that in the fall. And a lot of the product arrived and cleared in time for the Chinese New Year. There's product that continues to ship. There continues to be interest in pork and the same thing would be true with beef and with poultry. So interest has been strong. Demand has been good. And the other thing I mentioned on the call last quarter is that we expected to backfill into other markets. And that in fact has happened. Our shipments to some of the other countries have in fact increased. So it's not just China, it's to other countries around the world as well.
Ken Zaslow: Thank you.
Noel White: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Hi. Thank you. I had some questions about the chicken guidance. You lowered the margin estimate by about 200 basis points. But also in your prepared remarks, Noel, you said that you're now including the assumption that global demand will match the supply growth, which has also been increased to 4%. I think in your prior guidance you said, you were not going to include any ASF impact on the chicken business or on the business as a whole. Are we now assuming that there's an ASF, a positive ASF impact in the back half of your year? And then I had a follow-up.
Noel White: Yes. We do think that there will be a positive impact Rob on exports. We are expecting the four production -- 4% production increase. We are expecting to continue to see growth in demand from an export standpoint not only to China but to other places in the world as well.
Rob Moskow: Okay. But it's just not enough to drive your overall chicken pricing higher to offset the excess supply here in the U.S.?
Noel White: Yes. And Rob I think we need to keep in mind that when we talk about exports into the different markets that there's strength in certain products, there's weaknesses in certain products when we talk about chicken. So the USDA data would indicate that chicken breast pricing in particular has been weak. On the other hand there has been strength in other products such as boneless skinless thighs and tenders and wings. So it's not as simple as just thinking chicken, but it's specific parts that there's strength and weaknesses.
Rob Moskow: Sure. And here's the follow-up. The -- I've talked to industry participants about what's causing the excess supply. It looks like some of it is transitory related to favorable weather and grow-outs. Can you give us a sense as to whether you think this 4% U.S. supply growth sustains for another year for another two years? I mean, I can make the case that there's a lot of capacity coming online, so maybe 4% is the new number. But I could also see the argument that maybe we're coming to the end of a multiyear expansion in the industry.
Noel White: Right. Rob, I -- first of all there was very favorable weather conditions as we came through fall for growing conditions. I think the weight of the chicken as an industry was up year-over-year. I know that ours was certainly heavier, heavier than what we originally projected and I just have to assume that that's probably the case with others in the industry as well. Historically, the U.S. increase over the course of time has averaged at about a 2% growth rate and that's a pretty well-kept pace with what the increase in demand has been. So over the course of 12 months it's hard for me to say, but I think over the course of time that we think in terms of about 2% that that's kind of where my mindset would be.
Rob Moskow: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Noel White: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Noel White: Good morning.
Heather Jones: Good morning. So I want to stick with chicken and just dive a little deeper. You mentioned that you're on pace to generate the $200 million in operational improvements. And like you said, breast meat pricing has been weak. Now if we rewind a few years ago, Tyson was always well pretty consistently short breast meat but it seems like -- because the year-on-year deterioration in Tyson's chicken performance for this quarter was worse than the industry. So am I right in thinking that you guys are long more breast meat than you've been in the last couple of years? And if so is there any expectation that that should shift in coming quarters?
Noel White: Good question Heather. When Rob asked the question about production increases and I mentioned that the weights were heavier than expected that is in fact true with us and breast meat production as well. So we did use more internally. We did not buy as much on the outside market as what we had originally projected or planned to. Corrections have been made Heather that our buy versus grow strategy remains intact. However in Q1, it was not exactly as we planned.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you for that. And my follow-up is as far as -- how should we think about -- I mean pork exports to China have been pretty strong consistently and I would expect those to accelerate. But on the poultry side, just wondering if you could give us a sense of how you expect the cadence of those exports to be. The coronavirus seems to slow down the logistics some, but do you expect this to build as that February 14th agreement takes place? Or I mean, how should we -- how are you guys thinking about the cadence and exports to China of poultry specifically?
Noel White: Heather every day brings something new. The news overnight was welcome. If anything I'd say that we're going to have quite a bit of volatility. As I mentioned demand continues to be -- or interest at least continues to be strong. There is certainly the need and coronavirus has just clouded that a bit frankly Heather. There has been disruptions. There's been disruptions in domestic production. There's been disruption at the ports. So that has skewed shipments receivables. I would expect that we get -- once we get past the coronavirus incident whenever that might be that, I do think that there's going to be a very strong demand coming out of that. But trying to estimate what that time period is going to be is not possible at this point.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you so much.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yeah. Good morning, Noel, Stewart. Thanks for taking my questions. So I guess, we've talked a lot about Chicken so I want to switch a little bit into Pork and Beef. So, clearly on Pork to start-off, I mean you've had a very strong first quarter 14% operating income margin, but nonetheless you kept the guidance unchanged at 6% to 8%. So, I mean simple arithmetic it looks like you're looking for a relative weakness on a sequential basis for the remainder of the year. And it's also curious because you've said on an earlier question that you now do take a little bit of ASF benefit into the back half of the Chicken segment so you're not taking anything into consideration for Pork, or is it just trying to be conservative, if you could give a little more clarity on the guidance in Pork.
Noel White: Sure. Ben, our Q1 October, November, December is typically the strongest margin quarter for us and it's not unusual for us to drop off in Q2. So we're basically following the typical seasonal patterns that we would see. And normally we'll see things start to improve in Q2. And then through the summer it's not bad. And then in Q1, October, November, December it strengthens pretty substantially. So we're just projecting that the basic seasonal patterns that we've seen in the past.
Ben Theurer: And that is literally absent any ASF benefit though?
Noel White: In this case yes.
Ben Theurer: Okay. And then on Beef. I mean, clearly you've highlighted it within the release that you still had obviously the operational headwind but just not being able to get enough volume through because of the closing of the Kansas plant and the fire that affected it. Now you're back in. Could you elaborate a little bit? Like, if things would have been normal how would Beef turned out? So if you – I mean, you've adjusted for it to a certain degree but how would your volume at the other Beef plants during the quarter where you printed the minus 8% if we take out the one that was shut down because of the fire? Just to see the underlying fundamentals on Beef.
Noel White: Yeah. Ben, that's impossible to say what volumes would have been without the fire. I think the distinction was basically that the strength in our export demand and I think it's more of a demand story than restricted supply story. So don't know what supply would have been without the fire, but I do know that demand has been extraordinarily strong both domestically and from an export standpoint in Beef.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. I'll leave it here. Thank you very much.
Noel White: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Noel White: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: So I was hoping to just dig a little bit more on the Chicken business and really just make sure – just thinking about the different market segments there and the pricing and market pressure that you're facing. I mean, again, I think just going back to Heather's question on the buy versus grow and breast meat seems to be bearing a disproportionate amount of some of the market pressures of late. And just trying to think about how that's translating to – into your – whether it's the tray pack the small bird your further process business I wouldn't think that that impact is equal. I mean, especially where – I would think leg quarters you should have some benefit from better pricing. And as we think about 2020, just any comments on contracting for various foodservice institutional accounts how that – how those played out?
Noel White: Yeah. Adam, first of all I can't talk about pricing. It's a very sensitive subject. Most of the pricing is concluded not all of it, but most of it. And I would say that, as we came through our Q1 and as we enter Q2 breast meat pricing in particular is weaker than I would have expected it to be. However, as I mentioned earlier there has been strength in other products. Leg quarter pricing frankly has been a bit erratic as we came through Q1 January, February and don't know at this point what March, April, May is going to hold. A lot of those prices are not yet settled so that would be purely speculate on my behalf. However, with breast meat USDA's data would say it's trading something below $1 right now so it's at or near historic lows. It presents a tremendous value both at retail and at foodservice. And typically when that happens you see some type of increase in either featuring or promotions at foodservice establishments. So I think that over the course of time and whether that's one month or six months, we're going to see increased promotion on those proteins that are of greatest value. And right now that would include chicken breast.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just shifting gears a bit of a clarification question but maybe there's something in here. Just in the quarter in Prepared Foods your reported volume was down 3.1% yet you look at whether – the scan Nielsen data that we could track and what you reported on the slides in terms of the growth, both for retail and focus five foodservice items, there's growth. And I'm just trying to understand, kind of, the disparity between the reported segment growth on the volume side versus what you can see in the measured channels.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I think, when you look at the -- this is Stewart. When you look at the reported volumes, those volumes reflect some channel shifts that we had between our segments. They don't account really for any profit on a total basis, so pretty immaterial. You see them in the quarter because of the kind of product. But the numbers we are giving you, in terms of the performance in the market, are more of the organic numbers that reflect the momentum of the business.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Noel White: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I wanted to ask about SAP. You had said that -- I appreciate the color on the call-out to the impact to Prepared Foods in the quarter. Obviously, you guys are making strides on improving the margins net raw material cost and net of SAP cost challenges. And the guidance for the balance of the year suggests that, that should continue margin expansion. So I'm just curious, if you could provide any color on how you expect the cadence of SAP impact to linger if at all. Should we see the magnitude diminish? And is it impacting any of the other segments beyond Prepared Foods?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, just to be clear, this was a system that was implemented for both Chicken and Prepared. We see the impact only in Prepared at the moment. We don't want to give any specific guidance on the timing for that. Know that we're working aggressively. We are managing the factors that influence the write-offs and the distressed inventory that we see. And we of course expect to see improvement as we move forward.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. And then, one question from me, on the Chicken segment. You talked about, Noel, making some corrections to being a bit longer on boneless skinless breast. Is that -- can you help us think about what those adjustments are, how quickly you can make them? And if this is a sensitive question, I understand. But, I think, on the facility front you guys have looking -- have been looking at opening the Humboldt facility later this year. Does the current supply environment impact that decision or the timing of that at all, to the extent you can comment?
Noel White: You're right, Ben, that is a sensitive question. Now, the production in our Q1, it was heavier than it was originally projected. And we, as always, respond to things that we don't expect, so you can fully expect that to take place. And as far as timing of the Humboldt start-up, nothing has changed with that. The project is on schedule and on budget.
Stewart Glendinning: And one other thing -- sorry, Noel, if I can just go back to the previous question. I just want to make sure that I'm very clear. Ben, your question on, when we expect to see improvement, we have so far this quarter have seen run rates that have been consistent with last quarter. And just for clarity, as we're working on this, of course, we expect this not to be a permanent part of our business. I want to be really clear that, that improvement lies in front of us.
Ben Bienvenu: Very, very helpful. Thanks and best of luck.
Stewart Glendinning: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Thank you. And just wanted to touch base a little bit on some of the chicken sandwich wars, and basically, it seems like there's been a lot of talk about the success of those sandwich wars. And just wondering, like, is the dynamic within the chicken markets healthier, maybe, for like some of the smaller birds and maybe the tray pack? Or is there a spillover effect from the weakness, maybe, in some of the bigger bird breast meat markets? And can these sandwich wars maybe help the chicken market? How much?
Noel White: Michael, with fast food, different customers use different-sized birds, so it's not possible to say that's advantaging one segment versus another. If we go back a couple of years ago, we saw hamburgers being heavily promoted. And, obviously, this last year that switched to chicken burgers and -- or chicken sandwiches and it looks like this year that we're going to see the same thing. And that's purely because of the value that chicken has right now. And ground pork and beef prices are higher. The lean beef, particularly lean imported beef, is up substantially due to the reasons I talked about in the script, with drought conditions and the shortage of supply coming on, on the imported side.
Michael Piken: Okay, yes. And then, I guess, just as a follow-up here. I think one particularly large operator that you guys had serviced pretty heavily, is talking about potentially doing a pretty big promotion for chicken later this year. Like, is it possible, or what steps to take place, like, if there's not enough of like the smaller birds, like, can you guys chop up some of the bigger breast meat or the -- from the heavier birds to accommodate that product? Or how easy is it to do it? What steps does that entail? Thank you.
Noel White: Well, okay. Michael first of all I cannot talk about what specific customers may or may not be doing. But I think that there will be sufficient supply, regardless on whatever customer that you might be referring to. So I don't see an issue from a supply standpoint but can't talk specifically about any specific customer.
Michael Piken: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. It's Tom Palmer on for Ken. Thanks for the question. I first wanted to clarify the Chicken guidance. Company is guiding to 4% to 6% EBIT margin, absent additional impacts from ASF. The prepared remarks and a lot of the answers today seem to focus on when pricing should get better this year from increased ASF-driven exports. So just given the first quarter results, which sounds like it's a slow start to the second quarter, what are the non-ASF drivers that would get the segment to 4% to 6%?
Noel White: Well, first typically, as we go into Q3, Q4 – our Q3, Q4, we do see a seasonal improvement that it takes place. So as I talked about Pork, same thing is true with Chicken that once we get into a little warmer weather that people fire up their grills demand does increase. So we're projecting typical seasonal strength in Chicken as well.
Tom Palmer: Okay. I mean the quick math is if you're running at 2.5% you'd be north of 5.5% in kind of the second half I guess?
Noel White: If that's what the math says, I guess that's what I would say.
Tom Palmer: Okay. And then just wanted to ask on the Beef side, I mean it's not a huge cup but you did lower supply expectations. Is this mainly related to end of the year, what you're seeing in terms of some of the cattle inventory? And do you think we would actually exit the fiscal year with year-over-year declines in supply, or flattish, just trying to get the picture there. Thanks.
Noel White: Yes Simon cattle supply is basically flat year-over-year. Cattle and feeder are actually up some. But pork month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, it does impact pricing and availability. But through the course of the year it all evens out. So as we look at the balance of 2020, basically flat if not a slight increase over 2019. Same thing would be true in 2021 that we look at the calf crop and it would say that we will have equal if not slightly greater number in 2020 and then basically flat into 2021. And then as we move into 2022, 2023 it really depends on retention rate of peppers and other factors that we closely monitor. So answer to your question would be basically flat supplies, perhaps a slight increase in 2020.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thanks.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking the question. Noel I just want to get your thoughts kind of from a much higher level as it pertains to coronavirus and maybe some of the more medium to longer-term impacts. Have you guys done anything – any work or just around, if wet markets in China are curbed here over the next several months? Just what has that meant historically in terms of the Chinese consumer turning to more of a grocery store? And does that benefit the import market more than say it would if consumers were at the wet markets?
Noel White: Yes. Peter I think if anything it's just going to accelerate the efforts that the Chinese have had to decrease the number of wet markets. I think that we'll continue to see modern grocery continue to grow in China. So it's an acceleration. I think both ASF and coronavirus will contribute to that. Short term, obviously there's going to be some impact from coronavirus but that will pass. So we think on a much longer-term basis, it's how we will service modern retail in China. And over the course of relatively short period of time, we think that that will probably take place, particularly with the initiatives that the government has in place.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And Stewart, maybe just a quick clarification on the Prepared Foods side. With – and I know this was asked earlier but just with the volumes down and I think you mentioned some of it was kind of intersegment changes. I mean, without any profit impact, is that something we should kind of continue to expect over the course of the year that that volume might just optically look negative because of the segment change?
Stewart Glendinning: No. In fact, you'll only see it in this quarter. Last year – really this took place a year ago. And because of the seasonality of this product you see a little bit more impact in the quarter. As I said in total, the volume is not material. And certainly the profit is completely immaterial.
Peter Galbo: So on a go-forward basis we would expect to kind of see that Nielsen and then the data that you guys kind of kind of converge a little bit more with reported results?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes that's correct. I mean you also need to bear in mind that the various Nielsen numbers and the foodservice numbers that some of those represent a portion of the volume. And certainly Jon can provide a little bit of a reconciliation during the follow-up call.
Noel White: Peter, I think the takeaway needs to be that -- I mentioned that our core lines grew something a little greater than 6%. We captured at least 1% additional share points. And the numbers are just clouded by this production that moved from one segment to the other. So overall, our retail business continues to be extraordinarily strong.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Thanks for taking follow-up. So Noel, just to clarify a comment you just made a few minutes ago. So the closure of the live markets that we've seen in some provinces in China, are you saying that you expect China's ongoing shift away from live markets wildlife trade to more like grocery channels, are you saying you expect that shift to happen -- you mentioned something over the short-term, are you expecting that shift to happen over the short-term you said?
Noel White: No, what I said is that I thought that the shift moving from wet markets to modern retail that the combination of ASF and coronavirus would expedite that transition.
Heather Jones: Okay. Okay. And my other follow-up is just going back to your comments earlier about the outlook for Beef as far as what's going on in Australia global demand. So it sounds like you have a bullish view on beef trim costs. So could you speak to what your expectations are for chicken feature at retail? Not asking about any specific customers, but just in general, is it your expectation that chicken feature will benefit from beef trim costs this year?
Noel White: The short answer would be, yes, Heather. I think that when we look at value between the proteins chicken is a -- particularly, chicken breast right now is in fact a tremendous value. And pork frankly as well with the quantity of pork that's being generated despite the fact that exports are up. And ground beef attributable to an increase of imported lean is relatively high priced compared to the alternatives. So I would expect to see more features of chicken as we move into spring and summer.
Heather Jones: Okay, awesome. Thank you so much.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jake Nivasch: Hi. Thank you. This is Jake Nivasch on for Rob. Thanks for the follow-up. Just a quick one. Is there any reason why you guys didn't confirm the EPS guidance that -- set from last call?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, Jake, we didn't give any EPS guidance on the last call and we're not planning to give EPS guidance for this year.
Jake Nivasch: On the press release though didn't you guys say high single-digit growth?
Stewart Glendinning: No, we did not. We talked about what our long-term algorithm looked like, but we did not address specifically anything for 2020.
Jake Nivasch: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yeah. Good morning again. I just wanted to follow-up on Prepared Foods. So you made very clear during the call you had obviously some costs associated because of the ERP implementation that's adjusted for, but you've also mentioned the $80 million headwind due to beef trim and ham. So I was looking up at least so far what the quarter runs compared to last year and it seems still there is a fairly significant headwind in terms of ham cost, which clearly would result -- would kind of drive towards relatively weakness because of that cost for Prepared Foods, but then a benefit in Pork. So what is your expectation, I mean within that broader concept for your internal COGS on beef and ham and how that should turn out through the year with or without ASF? Just to understand a little bit the dynamics on the margin recovery on Prepared Foods where this is coming from?
Noel White: Sure. Ben, yes, I can address that. And there was a spike in prices of both 90% lean beef as well as in hams. And we do not intend to take pricing action unless we believe that there is a shift that's taking place in pricing. As you look at ham pricing as we enter the fall, they presented a pretty good value and then they move counter-seasonally higher to about $0.90 on a volume basis. And subsequent to that they've come back down in fact fairly sharply most recently at least in the last couple of weeks. That is opposed to imported lean beef. And if we do believe that there is a longer-term shift in pricing that's when we would take pricing action. But we're -- we typically do not take pricing action on what we believe could be a short-term impact. And it doesn't matter if it's hams or if it's pork bellies for bacon or trim, only if we think that that shift has taken place and expect that to continue.
Ben Theurer: Okay. So in other words, if it were to persist a little longer or come back, you would start thinking of price increases, which would still take some time to offset so you modelize like -- potentially would not get to your margin on Prepared Foods somewhere between 10% to 12%, but then you should more than offset that with better margins within Beef and Pork or you're likely going to be above what the current guidance is. Is that fair to assume?
Noel White: I think that's a fair assessment, Ben.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Noel White: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Noel White for any closing remarks.
Noel White: Well thank you for your time today. And please join us online for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders which starts at 11:00 Eastern Time. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Tyson Foods’ Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. On today’s call are Noel White, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stewart Glendinning, Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today’s prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the resource center of the Tyson investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson’s outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth, and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Tuesday, November 12 at 9:00 am Eastern time. A replay of today’s call will be available on our website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call.  This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited.  Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today’s remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning’s press release. I’ll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thank you Jon, and good morning everyone. First, I’d like to welcome Dean Banks as President of Tyson Foods. I’m delighted Dean is joining our team. He brings extensive experience as a leader, an entrepreneur, and has a background in innovation technology. I’ve served on the Board with Dean since I became CEO and know him as a thoughtful leader who respects and truly values Tyson Foods’ heritage and is an excellent cultural fit with our company. I will remain CEO and Dean will report directly to me and will be based here in Springdale. Now onto a review of our fiscal 2019, which was a year highlighted by record sales and significant progress in delivering our strategy for long term growth. We remain focused on ways to grow, deliver and sustain our business. This includes growing our prepared foods and value-added chicken business; secondly, growing our international business, and reducing earnings and volatility across our business. Here are some examples of our fiscal 2019 accomplishments. We expanded our global business with operations in Asia and Europe. We continue to innovate our iconic brands, which outpace the industry. We launched alternative protein products into the marketplace. We’re improving efficiencies by opening new distribution centers. We’re positioning ourselves for the future by integrating our business through a new enterprise technology platform. We continue to invest in advanced analytics as well as the development of automation and robotics with a new technology center here in northwest Arkansas, and we’re making strides in our sustainability initiatives. For example, earlier this year we announced a new partnership with the Environmental Defense Fund. We’ve also partnered with Proforest to help conduct a deforestation risk assessment across our supply chain. We’re leading innovation in animal welfare research and we also continue efforts to expand the progressive beef program where certified cattle feed lot operators are following best practices.  Here are some additional highlights as we look back on fiscal 2019. Sales dollars grew 6% to a record $42.4 billion, driven mostly by chicken-related acquisitions and increased pricing in the beef and prepared food segments. We achieved record beef operating income. Tyson’s retail core business lines outpaced the top 10 retail food manufacturers in the 52-week period. Core volume was up 4.1% and total Tyson retail volume was up 2.7%. Both the business lines and total Tyson retail have posted five consecutive quarters of growth with total Tyson’s showing its highest retail growth in the last two years. In the fourth quarter, Tyson’s core business lines outpaced category growth with overall share up almost a full share point.  Turning to food service, Tyson’s Focus 6 product lines continue to double the broad line sector with a 2.5% volume increase over the prior year. In addition, we see growth opportunities in other areas of food service beyond broad line. Digital marketing and mobile ordering accelerated growth in major QSR and convenience store chains with [foodservice] [ph] traffic from digital ordering up 25%. Tyson is leveraging new digital and social platforms within the K-12, convenience, and broad line distribution channels and we’re investing in building new digital capabilities in fiscal 2020. We’re also continuing to move forward with plans to grow our value-added fresh meats business to better meet consumer demands in the western United States. Two weeks ago, we broke ground on our new facility in Eagle Mountain City, Utah. The plant will convert fresh beef and pork into steaks, chops, roasts, and ground beef for grocery meat cases. This additional production will allow us to increase our already growing value-added fresh meat sales. Our growth is enabled by an ongoing financial fitness mindset and we are more focused than ever to drive out costs across the enterprise to enable future investments. I’d like to highlight some of our progress our operations team made in fiscal 2019 towards making Tyson the employer of choice. We experienced record low turnover in many of our operations over the past year. In addition, we improved our safety record again this year by reducing OSHA recordable incidents by 18% versus our goal of 10%. This is on top of the 20% reduction we experienced in fiscal 2018. We continue to expand our program that offers onsite life skill training classes for frontline team members.  A significant part of our focus in fiscal 2019 was on building for the future. As a result, we’re optimistic about fiscal 2020 results as we drive for constant improvement. Currently, we expect to meet or exceed our long-term target of high single digit adjusted earnings per share growth. We also continue to drive innovation, deliver on our customer promise, and meet global consumer expectations. We’ll do this while controlling costs and increasing efficiencies.  As I transition to the segments, I want to remind everyone that in our press release this morning we provide guidance for our segments. Stewart will provide more clarity on other guidance items in his remarks.  Now turning to our segments, prepared foods continues to perform well at retail with strong growth supported by increased map spending. Volumes of Jimmy Dean frozen breakfast were up 6.6% in the most recent 52-week Nielsen data on the strength of new product launches, including Simple Scrambles, Egg’wiches, and Breakfast Bowls. We continue to innovate and will build on the success of these breakfast-on-the-go products by expanding the Jimmy Dean line into biscuit roll-ups and morning combos.  We drove volume across retail with sales of Hillshire Farm smoked sausage and lunch meat both up 5% while sales of Ballpark hot dogs increased nearly 3% and Hillshire snacking was up 15% in the last 52 weeks. We’re excited about the momentum we’re seeing in our new alternative protein products and the power that Tyson sales, culinary and supply chain bring to this category.  We introduced Adele’s Whole Blends as our first offering earlier this year. Since our last earnings call, we’ve nearly doubled our retail distribution of Raised & Rooted nuggets to more than 7,000 stores and expanded into food service. This month, we began shipping our new Raised & Rooted blended burger made with Angus beef and plant protein. We have a deliberate go-to-market strategy for our alternative protein products. They must taste good and they must be healthier alternatives to other products already in the marketplace.  In 2020, we continue to expand with new products in both the retail frozen and fresh space as well as in food service. Alternative protein projections remain strong and we’re well positioned to lead in this growing space. Last year, sale of our non-protein food service businesses improved our product mix and pricing while reducing sales volume for the prepared foods segment.  Operating income for the year was relatively flat as strong demand and improved mix was offset by increased raw material and operating costs. Looking ahead to 2020 for prepared foods, we expect continued growth in retail consumption as well as food service channels like convenience, K-12, and non-commercial. As African swine fever reduces global pork supplies, we could see increased raw material costs, but keep in mind a large portion of our business is price list and direct pass-through pricing. This allows us to act quickly to recover costs when we see a sustained raw material price movement.  Moving onto the beef segment, we experienced strong demand and favorable domestic market conditions in the fourth quarter offset by increased costs associated with a fire at our Finney County, Kansas plant in August. We recorded $31 million of fire-related expenses in Q4 net of primary insurance recoveries for a portion of the claim. I’m pleased to say our team members whose jobs were affected by the fire are still being paid. There have been tremendous steps taken by the entire beef team, our contractors and the community to rebuild the plant and get us back to full operations as quickly as possible, and we currently believe the plant will be up and running in the next 60 days.  The beef segment’s operating income for the year was a record $1.1 billion despite logistical challenge and lost volume resulting from the fire. Our premium beef programs contributed to the overall success with a record year for sales volumes and value-added margins. Looking ahead, we expect market fundamentals to be similar to fiscal 2019.  Now turning to the pork segment, our revenue enhancement strategy continued to boost our performance, driving wider spreads relative to the industry benchmarks. This includes our premium programs, which experienced 27% category growth year-over-year as well as increases in exports and food service penetration. Our workspace initiatives are helping our pork plants be the employer of choice and keeping them fully staffed with record low turnover. Exports to Mexico, Japan and China are picking up and we’ve started seeing the improved pricing because of supply shortages in China and other Asian countries affected by ASF. We’ll be in a better position to compete for these export opportunities as we move to buying only ractopamine-free hogs.  Overall, we expect industry hog supplies to increase about 3% year-over-year. We also expect increased livestock costs, record export volumes, and pricing improvement. Now turning to the chicken segment, as I said in September, we have a solid chicken business and we fully expect to see operational improvement in 2020. We’re doing so by streamlining processes, improving operations, and lowering costs. Sales volume for the year increased with incremental volume from acquisitions. The additional rendering volume from these acquisitions lower our average sales price. Operating income decreased due to higher costs and the challenging pricing environment. Additionally, operating income was impacted by net feed ingredient and derivative losses of approximately $55 million in the quarter. On a run rate basis, this is nearly $100 million more than Q3. We now have the right people in the right roles and we’re seeing improvement, although we’re not satisfied with the pace. In addition to achieving operational improvements, we also expect to improve pricing in select products and categories, continued performance gains, and synergy capture from our Keystone and American proteins.  We continue growing our flagship Tyson brand. Our core retail frozen and value-added poultry sales volume was up 1.2% in the fiscal year according to Nielsen. We plan continued branded growth with new products like Tyson air fried chicken and Tyson Smokehouse case-ready chicken, and we’re accelerating food service growth through innovation and limited time offers.  In international and other, the acquisitions of Keystone and our new Thai and European operations led to increased sales. Along with Keystone in China, we’re closing the gap through better performance by our legacy Tyson operations. In fact, legacy China business had a record fourth quarter and was profitable after breaking even through the first three quarters of the year, and our China retail business continues to see strong volume growth.  Our international operations along with exports are an important part of our growth strategy. That’s why we continue to advocate for trade agreements that will benefit our industry and farmers. For example, we’re working with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle to ratify the U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement. The U.S. and Japan recently signed a trade deal that will benefit our beef and pork businesses by putting them on equal basis with other export countries. Two weeks ago, it was reported that China is planning to lift its four-year ban on U.S. poultry. We welcome these positive developments and the more stable operating environment they provide. I’ll now ask Stewart to take us through the financials. 
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Noel, and good morning everyone. Fourth quarter and fiscal year results were in line with our revised expectations with earnings of $1.21 and $5.46 per share respectively. Operating income was $686 million with a 6.3% return on sales in the fourth quarter and just under $3 billion with a 7% return on sales for the fiscal year. Revenues were a record $42.4 billion and volume was up nearly 9% for both the fourth quarter and the fiscal year primarily due to acquisitions. Average sales price was flat in the fourth quarter and down 3% for the year primarily due to the product mix from the acquisition of the American proteins rendering business. We are very diligent with our capital allocation strategies and last quarter I mentioned we were focused on debt reduction. We paid off the $1 billion of senior notes that matured in the fourth quarter mostly with cash generated in the quarter. We also were able to repurchase 300,000 shares for $27 million. For fiscal 2019 in total, we repurchased 3.7 million shares for $252 million. Our operating cash flows at year-end were $2.5 billion and liquidity was $1.2 billion. Including cash of $484 million, net debt was $11.4 billion. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.8 times for the 12 months ending September 28. With net debt coming down and cash up, we are well positioned to have all of our capital levers available in 2020.  Net interest expense was $121 million in Q4 and $451 million for the full year. Capital expenditures were $288 million in the quarter and $1.3 billion in the fiscal year, and we continue to see strong returns on these investments.  In 2019, two new distribution centers were brought online and we invested in new processing capacity for chicken and value-added fresh meats. We also invested in additional enterprise technology as well as our new Tyson manufacturing automation center. These investments will provide long-term benefits and support our growth strategy. We continue to target and overall capex return of approximately twice our cost of capital. Our effective tax rate was 20.5% in the fourth quarter and 20.7% for the fiscal year. Depreciation and amortization was $289 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $1.1 billion for the full year. Weighted average shares outstanding in Q4 were approximately 367 million.  As I mentioned on our last call, we faced hurdles integrating new information technology that resulted in short-term increases to our working capital. Within the fourth quarter, we also had increased distressed inventory sales in parts of our prepared foods and chicken segments. This negatively impacted operating income by approximately $40 million. Our metrics are improving each month and our on-time customer service is nearing our historical targets, but some amounts may carry into our first quarter.  Now I’d like to provide our thoughts on the 2020 fiscal year. As I’m sure you noticed in our release this morning, we did not provide specific EPS or sales guidance. The timing and magnitude of potential impacts resulting from African swine fever are still hard to quantify. Additionally, there are continuing developments in trade negotiations which can create uncertainties in our external environment. While these factors alone did not drive our decision, they do significantly compound the difficulty of accurately forecasting EPS and sales. To be clear, we believe we’re positioned to deliver our long-term earning algorithm of high single digit adjusted EPS growth and there is potential for profound upside depending on how events materialize. There are a number of additional metrics I will provide on 2020, which will be a 53rd week; however, take note we’ve adjusted our outlook to be comparable to 52 weeks. Net interest expense should approximate $450 million. We plan for capital expenditures of approximately $1.3 billion as we continue construction on the Tennessee chicken plant and begin construction on the Utah case ready plant. We expect liquidity to remain above our $1 billion target. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 23.5%. You’ve seen our segment return on sales guidance in our press release this morning. Our capital allocation in 2020 will continue to prioritize debt reduction while reinvesting in our business for organic growth, buying back stock, and increasing our dividend.  In the case of inorganic opportunities, we will be very disciplined and return-focused in our approach to any acquisition. Our track record on acquisitions continues to be very encouraging. Consistent with my comments last quarter, we are already exceeding our cost of capital on an after-tax basis in 2019 for our most recent four acquisitions: Smart Chicken, American Protein, Keystone, and the poultry operations in Europe and Thailand. As we start to realize the full benefit of synergies while driving further growth, we expect strong returns on these acquisitions.  Finally, yesterday the board of directors increased the previously declared quarterly dividend to $0.42 per share on Class A stock. We anticipate the remaining quarterly dividends in fiscal 2020 will be $0.42, resulting in an annual dividend rate of $1.68 per Class A share. That concludes my remarks, and now we’ll go back to Noel for additional commentary. Noel?
Noel White: As Stewart said, the positive impacts we anticipate from African swine fever are still hard to quantify, but here’s what we do know. It’s likely to improve export markets and change protein consumption dynamics for a number of years. We also saw a return on sales expectations for the segments in our press release. We’re well positioned to benefit from ASF, but our long term success is not dependent on ASF or any other one-time events. Tyson Foods is a strong company with a sound strategy and a unique diversified business model.  In summary, we’re optimistic about fiscal 2020. Our outlook is based on our diverse portfolio, the strength of our brands, our willingness to enter adjacent categories, partnerships with customers, and ongoing focus on financial fitness. We have opportunities not to only grow but to thrive while creating long-term shareholder value.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess taking into account that you didn’t put out a range for the EPS guidance, even if we just take the midpoint of each of your segment guides, you can kind of come up with a number that meets more of that exceeds end of the guidance that you did give, something in the low double digits to low teens EPS growth. Can you help us reconcile that in terms of how you’re thinking about each of those margins, whether we should be thinking about the lower end of that range at least coming out of the gate, or if it’s really maybe just some conservatism on your part? I have a follow-up as well.
Noel White: Yes Peter, let me say we are very optimistic about 2020 and what we can deliver through the fiscal year. Each segment is a little bit different. I would say that as we enter 2020, beef is off to a very strong start and we view 2020 as another exceedingly strong year. Pork started a little slow, however has come on very strong in the month of November, as you can probably see in public reports. Chicken was off to a bit of a slow start but it’s improving as well. The reason that we didn’t give the guidance is that we have a very good outlook of what we think we would earn in 2020 without the impact of ASF. The difficulty was actually in predicting what the top could be. We have a good sense of the base, it’s the top that becomes the problem. That’s the reason we didn’t give the guidance. 
Peter Galbo: Got it, okay. That’s helpful. Maybe just on prepared foods, I think that’s kind of what caught investors by surprise in terms of the raw material inflation being, I think you called out $60 million year-over-year in 4Q. What does the timing lag look like in terms of the price increases? When might we actually start to see that roll through, and how should we think about demand deterioration if there is a large step up in pricing?
Noel White: The impact in Q4, Peter, wasn’t necessarily on the increase in price and raw materials, there were some other factors. Stewart mentioned the inventory levels, the write-offs that occurred. That situation is largely under control. There is going to be a little bit rolling into Q1, but it was basically the issues that we talked about at the end of our Q3 call on an SAP installation, some inventory levels, and we did take a pretty sizeable adjustment in fourth quarter. So much improved, but not quite where we want to be here as we enter Q1.
Peter Galbo: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to get a little bit of an update on where you are in some of the chicken plants that were struggling operationally. Are you back to the normal line speed, and how much of an impact or headwind might we see in 1Q fiscal 2020 from any operational issues that took place last quarter?
Noel White: Yes, sure Michael. We have made progress. As I mentioned, we’re not satisfied with the pace. Over the course of the last couple of months, I would say operationally we are improved in performance, still not at the standard that we would expect. However, there has been some other pressures within the poultry segment. You can see public reports that margins have been compressed just to market dynamics. So operationally we are performing better, still not where we need to be, but there have been some other pressures that have affected poultry as well as we enter Q1. Now from a pricing perspective, it’s still early in the pricing season. There’s been no surprises and, as I said in my remarks, there are pricing opportunities on specific products, so we are optimistic as we enter 2020, and we do think that the range that we provided in poultry is achievable throughout the year.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. As a follow-up, I know you mentioned that the contracting was underway and no surprises. How do you think about the contracting fees and knowing there’s a potential opportunity from ASF? Is that changing the duration of the contracts or how they’re structured in terms of how much you would have as a fixed price versus cost-plus versus index? Any color there would be helpful.
Noel White: Yes Michael, I’m sorry, I can’t talk about pricing scenarios just from an anti-trust standpoint, so I can’t go there.
Michael Piken: Okay. 
Operator: Was there a follow-up, Mr. Piken?
Michael Piken: Sure, yes. In that case, I guess maybe we could just go within the chicken segment, if you could just provide any color in terms of the mix maybe of your business going forward, in terms of can you at least provide some color in terms of how much is spot sales versus more indexed? Anything that could kind of help us model things out would be helpful. 
Noel White: Michael, the pricing really doesn’t change that much year to year with us. It’s fairly consistent, and as I’ve mentioned before, we have a wide variety of pricing mechanisms which does in fact help stabilize earnings to a certain extent. There is not the sizeable shifts that take place with most of our customers. They’re on a variety of different pricing mechanisms, so those customers as we enter pricing season, you don’t necessarily change from a fixed price to a grain-based or vice versa. Most of the pricing scenarios are pretty consistent as we move from year to year. Obviously the markets will move, but no surprises yet this year. 
Michael Piken: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Good morning and thank you. I wanted to just follow up on the distressed inventory sales. It’s probably not that big a deal because, as you said, it’s mostly behind you, but were you hinting at that as SAP related? I just didn’t quite understand exactly what the dynamics were there and wanted to get a little bit of color.
Noel White: Yes, Ken, to a large extent it was SAP related. We had some issues, if you remember I talked about last quarter, in Q3 with accurate inventory levels and ultimately that ended up with an increase in distressed product as we closed out the year, so it was related to SAP, inventory levels and the visibility that we had into the accuracy of our inventory. So largely corrected, not completely, but feeling much better about where we’re at today than where we were even 30 days ago.
Ken Goldman: Send that stuff to me next time, I’ll take it! It’s good stuff. I just wanted a clarification, another one from something that was said in the press release, or written in the press release. You said that the pork segment operating margin or income, rather, decreased because of compressed margins, and that was in part driven by increased livestock supplies. I wasn’t quite sure how increased or higher livestock supplies hurt your margin. You may have mentioned this or clarified this, but I didn’t quite pick up on that.
Noel White: Ken, to be honest with you, I’ll need to look back as well because that intuitively doesn’t make sense to me either. If that was the case, it’s not completely accurate. Let me tell you what the scenario has been, though, throughout calendar 2019. I think that by and large, most people were expecting an increase in exports, whether it’s to China or other countries. Now with that, both the futures market and the cash price of hogs has moved higher, and it’s moved higher in anticipation of those exports. Now, as we finish calendar 2019, those exports have materialized. Though we saw the run-up in hog prices, we didn’t necessarily see the corresponding increase in pork prices which led to the compression in 2019.  Now, since the product is being produced for export today, we are seeing product prices move higher, as publicly reported, and it’s extremely unusual. It’s counter-seasonal for us as an industry to be processing 2.7 million-plus hogs per week and seeing product move higher, so we are seeing the impact, particularly over the course of the last several weeks. 
Ken Goldman: Great, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research LLC. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Quickly on a trade question, late Friday, I think it was, there was a final rule published in the Federal Register about the U.S. setting up terms for us to be able to start the importation of Chinese cooked poultry. I was wondering, is it your reading that that is done and there will be no way to undo that, and what are your thoughts about the implications of that for China lifting the ban on U.S. poultry?
Noel White: Yes Heather, since it was published in the Federal Register, we do think that it is in fact on, and it would take a Congressional act to change it at this point. We saw it, we understood, we somewhat anticipated it, and the comment I would make, Heather, is that we are pro trade and whether other countries allow export access to their country or to ours, we’re pro trade so it was actually encouraging to see the agreement that was made and we would fully expect that there’d be some type of trade agreement reciprocity with access to China from U.S. poultry. So no surprise, and the fact that there has been seemingly some type of an agreement, not been made completely public yet, but we view it as encouraging. 
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you for that. Then my follow-up is on chicken. You mentioned operational improvements, you mentioned select price increases in certain segments. You said you’re still not where you want to be operationally, but basically from your Q4 run rate, you’re projecting a pretty sizeable jump in EBIT margins and, like you said, excluding any benefit from ASF. I was just wondering if you could flesh that out some to give us comfort as to how you go from a Q4 run to 6 to 8% without ASF. Just help us understand more how you’re thinking about that. 
Noel White: Well it’s not going to happen overnight, Heather, but it will be a process and we are in the middle of that process. The plan that was laid out as we came into fiscal 2020, our team is executing on, so the operational improvements, and whether it’s labor efficiency, costs, yields, we are on track with where we expected to be. Now, I did talk about some of the pricing pressure on some specific items, and that’s in USDA data, it’s visible. On the other hand, there are select items that are in strong demand, and I’m not going to necessarily talk about specific items but that creates pricing opportunities for us. In some cases, there is surplus product in the market; in other cases, there is somewhat of a shortage, so you take the pricing opportunity where in fact there’s strong demand, and in the case where there’s excess supply, then there’s some pricing pressure, so the market does its job.
Stewart Glendinning: Heather, one additional item just for you to note, that in the quarter if you adjusted for the hedging that we saw at the end of the quarter, there was a $55 million loss there in chicken. If you adjust for that, you pick up about 1.5 extra percentage points on the operating margin, and I think that will help you reconcile when you add Noel’s comments about how we get to the year end.
Heather Jones: Excellent, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Moscow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jake Nivasch: Hi, thank you. This is actually Jake Nivasch on for Rob. Just one quick one. It’s about pricing, which I know we kind of spoke about, but if I can ask it in another way. The persistent problems at your plants, is that a risk going forward in terms of losing customers or any sort of negotiation, I guess loss of negotiating power?
Noel White: No.
Jake Nivasch: No? Okay. 
Noel White: No, no. Don’t view it that way at all, Jake. Now, through the course of 2019 with the new platform that we installed, there were challenges. That’s largely behind us, but it has nothing to do with the operational challenges. It was more so the visibility that we had of inventories, timely shipments, shipments in full, but as Stewart said in his script, that is largely behind us. We are back very close to the historical standards that we would expect, so two completely unrelated topics.
Jake Nivasch: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. I was hoping, I don’t know if you could help maybe just frame within the individual segments what would drive you margin-wise to the low end versus the high end? I know that you framed the guidance excluding any ASF impacts, but it seems like it’s hard to separate that out from the state of the world today, so maybe help us understand prepared foods, what gets you to 10% versus 12% margins, chicken 6% versus 8%, and maybe any comments around how you’d see the bigger ASF impacts in each of the businesses. 
Noel White: Right, right. That’s difficult to answer, Adam, because we don’t view it as being at the low end of those ranges. In prepared, I would say the risk would be if there was a rapid rise in raw material prices and we didn’t timely reflect that in the pricing of our products. Now, you’ve heard me say before that we’ve already had conversations with many of our customers about the potential of prices rapidly increasing, and you also heard me say that there is a large portion of our business that is in fact somewhat of a--it’s a pass through. I’d say that’s probably the risk on the prepared side, but I can tell you our prepared foods segment is in really strong shape. We are capturing share gain, our volumes are strong, so we are very encouraged where our prepared foods business is at. In the other segments, I’d say the only risk would be in, as we stated, the ranges. It was absent ASF. The only risk I can see is if we had a similar occurrence in 2020 that people were anticipating exports, hog prices stayed high, and exports don’t develop. Other than that, I think beef is headed for a very similar year, if not better in 2020 than what they delivered in 2019. Obviously in the industries in which we compete, there’s always risk, we deal with that every single year, but there’s nothing stands out that is of particular concern right now.
Adam Samuelson: That’s helpful color. Specifically in the chicken business, I wonder if you can provide any comments on the demand environment domestically that you’re seeing. It seems like especially on the food service side, this increased promotional activity on poultry could be a nice opportunity for you moving forward, but just how you’re seeing that demand environment on your poultry side would be helpful.
Noel White: I think poultry is a great value right now, Adam. You look at the price spreads that exist between each one of the proteins, in the course of the last three or four weeks it has continued to widen, so I think poultry presents a great opportunity for stronger promotion, both at food service as well as retail levels through 2020. I don’t think we’ve seen the full impact of that. We’ve seen some of the chicken sandwich promotions that have been rolled out at the QSR level, that’s been helpful, I would say, but as we move through 2020, I think chicken will continue to be a great value. As I mentioned earlier, it’s extremely unusual to see the pork cut-out moving higher at this time of year. Beef, it’s not that unusual, but it has been extraordinarily strong.  Net disappearance, domestic disappearance, we’re encouraged by. We’re actually projecting per capital consumption to be down this year, and that’s despite the fact that total production is going to be up, so obviously exports are significant help to us.
Adam Samuelson: All right, I appreciate that color. I’ll pass it on, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. I know that you’re not giving guidance numerically around the impact of ASF, but could you possibly walk through the segments and just talk about the risks and opportunities relating to ASF? I imagine that in pork, it’s really the question of what happens with the lean hog prices, there may be a big opportunity in chicken because you’re backward integrated in there and demand might come up, probably not much would go wrong on supply in beef. But could you just give us an idea of qualitatively how you’re thinking about the puts and takes around ASF, because obviously being within the company, you probably have better insight into what all the moving pieces are here than we do on the outside. And then I have a follow-up. 
Noel White: Okay Alexia, let me speak in terms of what’s happening from a global perspective rather than talking about each one of the proteins. From a global perspective, if we take just China, and the public reports would say that there’s somewhere around half the hogs have died in China - it might be a little more, might be a little less, nobody knows the actual number, and China produces half of the hogs in the entire world. So there’s somewhere around 25% reduction that’s taking place on a global basis, which translates to a total protein supply globally of someplace between 5% and 6% decrease in global protein supplies, and that’s everything else being equal. Now at the same time, we have trade patterns that are shifting as well, so with those shortages as an example, we see increase in exports from Australia, from New Zealand, countries like that, that’s moving into China. We’re seeing less imports into the United States .We’re seeing more beef and pork move from South America into China and Southeast Asia, so the global dynamics are changing, they’re evolving, and any time that the world loses that amount of protein supply and demand is growing, prices are impacted. That’s the difficulty in forecasting what that impact is going to be for us in 2020, because of those market dynamics that continue to shift. They’re all favorable, they’re all positive, and we can all run different economic models of what we think the impact is going to be, and that’s one of the reasons I think you see the range that is EPS on our stock. There’s basically a $2 range as we look into 2020, and I don’t think it’s responsible for Stewart and I to put forth a number where the visibility that we have, we’re very encouraged but we don’t want to put forth a number that we think could in fact be low. 
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you. Then as a quick follow-up at a very different topic, want to welcome Dean Banks on board. Just curious, I can understand that his experience in innovation and technology brings something that’s very timely and very needed. What does that mean for the CEO role, and how is your personal agenda changing here, Noel, as that transition occurs? Thank you, and I’ll pass it on.
Noel White: Sure. Dean and I, we’ve worked together in the past. I have a tremendous amount of respect for Dean, his capabilities. He’s going to be a great addition to the Tyson team. As you saw, he’s been on our board for several years, so we’ve had the opportunity to work together.  Technology is a growth platform for us. As you saw in my statement, we have put in place several initiatives and we have a lot more to go. Dean is a great cultural fit with the company and with the leadership team. A As far as my role, Dean and I will be working very closely together over the course of time. It’s an opportunity for Dean just to have a much deeper understanding of our business and at the same time, I can tell you I’ll be learning from him as well. 
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. A couple of follow-ups. How much of the chicken margin improvement is operational versus environmental? I guess that’s my first question and then I have a follow-up on that.
Noel White: Okay. Ken, the operational improvements, there is a minimum of 200 basis points that’s built into that from an operational improvement standpoint. You heard us talk about that at the end of our third quarter, so there’s a minimum of 200 basis points that’s built into this.
Ken Zaslow: So you’re not looking for a material improvement in the chicken environment year-on-year if you take your full year numbers versus 2020 outlook? Then assuming that doesn’t also include the potential of China actually--a trade agreement with China, this whole reciprocity--I think you had discussed the reciprocity between the U.S. accepting Chinese chicken but the U.S. potentially being able to export to China, that does not include that as well? And what products can actually move to China, do you think?
Noel White: The answer to both questions is yes. As I spoke about earlier, there is some pricing improvement that’s built in on specific items, and that is in fact independent of ASF, so regardless if we had AS or we didn’t, we would expect to see some pricing improvement. There is some that’s built in. Now the significant impact of ASF is not built into it. It’s true in both cases that there is some pricing improvement that’s there, there’s operational improvements, but we’re not taking into consideration if there was significant quantities of poultry that moved to China.  What specifically that would move to China, I can’t really answer since we’ve not had access for quite some time. However, it’s like going to be some form of dark meat, including wings, so wings are, as you know, in strong demand in China as well as the dark meat from poultry, so those are probably the two most--the two specific items, as well as the paws that are also in very strong demand.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Then just on beef, your outlook does not include the insurance proceeds. I’m assuming that the insurance proceeds are what lost profitability you’ll have, so when you’re getting that 6.5% to 7.5% margin for beef, how much does that exclude for the potential recovery of lost profits, lost logistics costs? How do we think about that, because that 6.5% to 7.5% is probably not the real margin, right, it’s understated by whatever you would have earned prior to the fire? Is that not the way to think about it, and can you put some parameters to that? 
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, let’s keep it simple, Ken. We’ve sort of looked at the year, we’ve looked at when the plant has come online, our costs, etc., and we’ve estimated that and given you that number. Know that on the insurance side, we’ve adjusted that out, and when we get those proceeds, we’ll adjust those out as well. We’re holding that to the side.
Ken Zaslow: So it does not include the insurance proceeds--
Stewart Glendinning: It does not take any benefit from the insurance proceeds.
Ken Zaslow: There’s actual real cash and real margins, right? You’ll actually be able to take that to the bank, right?
Stewart Glendinning: We will be able to take that to the bank, but remember of course that we took a $31 million hit in this past quarter, so.
Ken Zaslow: Great, I appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you. On the prepared foods guidance, you didn’t qualify it with excluding an ASF impact. You mentioned how most of the pricing passes through. Is that really the biggest factor? Is it just that you’ve got some range there to allow for cost pressures if it comes? Obviously there could be an ASF impact. How do you factor that in, what offsets it, and just how should we think about risks or sensitivities on that segment? 
Noel White: Yes, the prepared foods is probably the most difficult to forecast what we think the impact might be. Our other segments, obviously there is a positive impact, potentially significantly positive. In the case of prepared, it’s on the risk side, so it is a matter of how quickly those increases in costs are captured. We’re very confident that we’ll continue to grow our business as we have over the course of the last several years, so the team that’s in place running our prepared foods business is very focused on delivering growth and volume, and I can tell you if it comes down to a choice of selling a lot more at 10% or not much more at 12%, I’ll take the money on the bottom line that’s growing our business at 10%. 
Michael Lavery: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you. Just on the alternative proteins, can you give us a sense--you mentioned you prefer to launch the ones that are positioned at healthier. How do you define that, and how incremental do you expect some of those products to be? What kind of sourcing assumptions do you make around those?
Noel White: Yes, so it is incremental, Michael. We don’t see cannibalization of any of our other products, so it is in fact incremental. When we say healthier, that’s the reason that we’re been a little bit slower to launch, is that we view the alternative protein--when we go to market, those products not only need to taste great, but they have to be healthier than whatever the alternative is. That’s where we think we can compete and win in the marketplace.
Michael Lavery: Do you measure that on things like sodium or calories? How do you define what healthier means?
Noel White: All of the above, Michael.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes, good morning everyone. Thanks. Just two follow-ups actually on what’s been discussed. One on beef, if we take a look at the operating income versus the adjusted operating income, basically the increase on the adjusted one is because of the loss that is related to the plant fire and that’s how we should have to think of that going into next year, it’s [indiscernible] follow-up to understand what one you adjust, and you get the insurance, you’re going to take it out, but then your reported operating income might be higher just because you recover it back then. Is that fair to assume? 
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, that’s the right way to look at it. If you look in our press release, you’ll see a reconciliation that shows you the amount [indiscernible] and that’s exactly the way you should think about it going forward. 
Ben Theurer : Okay, perfect. Then we’ve talked about, and I remember we talked about during the third quarter conference call, the improvement you think you can achieve of roughly 200 basis points in the chicken segment once you’ve accomplished all the initiatives you’ve been aiming for. If we take that roughly 5% operating income margin for full year and then you assume you do get the 200 basis points into next year would bring us to the 7%, which is right at the midpoint of your guidance anyway. The question is how advanced are you currently going into--being right in the first fiscal quarter, and how much of that d you think will be delivered in the first half versus the second half of your fiscal year, just to get a little bit of a sense of what the ramp-up of those operational improvements is going to look like.
Noel White: Yes. Ben, I would say that it’s going to be just a gradual, steady improvement. It’s difficult to exactly quantify that for you by quarter, but there will be a gradual improvement throughout the year.
Stewart Glendinning: And Ben, as you know, we don’t break those numbers out quarter by quarter. Each quarter we’ll update our forecast as we go, so you’ll see that, but as Noel mentioned earlier, he’s got the right people in the right place and we’re starting to see some of those metrics improving. 
Ben Theurer: Okay. Then just maybe one last one, when do you think the beef plant that was impacted by the fire is going to be back on? How much lead time do you still need to be basically back operational there?
Noel White: It will be within the next 60 days, Ben, but we think that’s probably on the long end. We think it could be potentially quicker than that. There is still some contractors that are finishing up, but the team’s done a remarkable job to get back where it needs to be. 
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect - well, surprisingly possible. Thank you very much for giving me the chance to ask some questions. Have a good one, thanks. 
Operator: Our last question today will be a follow-up from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research LLC. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. Just wanted to delve in, you made the comment, the right people in the right place a few times, I think, on the chicken business. I was wondering if you could just elaborate on that, any management changes there have been or whatever. Just was curious about that. 
Noel White: Yes, there has been, Heather, some management changes. We changed the leadership of poultry at the end of January of this past year. There’s been a number of changes that have taken place over the course of 2019, so Chad Martin leads our poultry business and then within the business segments, there’s been changes that have taken place, as well as at the plant level. There are a number of changes been made, and we have complete confidence in the team that’s in place today.
Heather Jones: Okay, so besides the one that we knew about at the end of January, the changes since then have been more at the plant level?
Noel White: No, it’s been throughout the organization, Heather, so not just at the plant level but there has been a number of changes directly underneath Chad, and keep in mind Chad has a fairly sizeable team, so he chose his team, he put them in place, and we think we have the right team.
Heather Jones: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Noel White for any closing remarks.
Noel White: Okay, thank you for joining us today, and from all of us at Tyson, we wish you a happy holiday season. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Financial Update Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Incorporated earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2019. On today's call are Noel White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the resource center of the Tyson investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth, and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, August 5th at 9:00 A.M. Eastern time. A replay of today's call will be available on our website approximately 1 hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today's remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning's press release. I'll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thank you, Jon and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone who joined our recent Investor Day. We appreciate the opportunity to share our growth strategy, take your questions, and receive feedback. In case you missed it a replay is available on our Investor Relations page.  Our strategy remains focused on growing Prepared Foods, International and value-added chicken while reducing the volatility of earnings across our business and we're making progress. Let me give you some examples from our third quarter. We continued to expand our global business with newly acquired operations in Asia and Europe. We've launched two alternative protein products into the marketplace and we continue to grow our case ready beef and pork business with plans for new plants in Utah.  Now let's talk about our third quarter performance. Our Prepared Foods and beef Segments generated strong results. Chicken results were mixed but are improving and the Pork segment was under pressure due to market conditions related to African Swine Fever. Overall we remain on track for a strong year and expect earnings per share in the range of $5.75 to $6.10. Innovation and marketing support are driving velocity and share growth at retail. Total Tyson and the core business lines have posted four straight quarters of growth. In fact this growth is the highest in two years. When you look at the last 52 weeks our core has outperformed the food and beverage category by more than 12 times and Total Tyson retail has outperformed the key -- the category by more than five times.  In the most recent quarter our sales volume trends have been even more robust with core business lines up 6% and Total Tyson retail up 3%. In broad line foodservice Tyson's Focus 6 is up 3% in volume compared to a year ago. That's two times the growth of the total broadline distribution channel. Broadline accounts for nearly half of Tyson's foodservice volume and the Focus 6 is more than 20% of our total foodservice sales volume.  Turning to our segments, Prepared Foods remains on track for a record year. Through the first nine months it's produced a record operating margin of 12%. Retail volume growth has been outstanding as we gained incremental distribution from innovations such as Jimmy Dean's simple scrambles breakfast bowls and eggwiches. We're excited that our alternative protein products are hitting the market. We introduced Adele's Whole Blends as our first offering earlier this year. Last month we started shipping Raised & Rooted nuggets made with plants. We're pleased to report the nuggets will be in 4000 retail stores and available in broad line food service distribution by the end of September. This kind of quick start demonstrates the capabilities of scale and national reach of Tyson Foods.  We're engaged with customers across channels and expect additional nationwide rollouts in retail and food service over the next 12 months. This will involve both plant and blended protein options under the Raised & Rooted brand and our flagship brands. We're in early discussions with partners to introduce these products outside the U.S. but for now our primary focus is a powerful domestic launch. As we build Prepared Foods innovation and enter new categories we expect this segment will continue performing well with an operating margin near 12% for fiscal 2019. And we expect similar results or better next year assuming current expectations for raw material cost.  Our Beef segment grew sales and volume in the third quarter. Global beef demand was strong and our beef business is executing well. Pasture conditions are the best that we've seen in several years and cattle supplies are expected to be good through at least 2021. So far this year our beef segment has produced a record operating margin of 6.1%. We are pleased the European Union has agreed to new beef quota arrangements with the United States. It's an opportunity for Tyson's beef business to continue serving customers in Europe and potentially grow our business there. We also remain hopeful new trade deals will be reached soon with Japan and China and that Congress will approve the pending trade agreement with Canada and Mexico. For the fiscal year we expect beef segments operating margin to be approximately 7% with ample supplies of high quality cattle we expect similar or better results next year.  Moving on to pork, African Swine Fever impacted the segment on the cost side. However, we did not see the benefit in pricing due to a 5% increase in domestic availability and low cutout values. We see this beginning to change as USDA weekly export data indicated that shipments of U.S. pork to China began accelerating in mid July and we're optimistic this will lead to a positive impact on our pork business. We are staying focused on execution and are benchmarking well versus USDA metrics. We've differentiated both our beef and pork businesses by valuing up, investing in premium programs. Our Chairman's Reserve and Open Prairie Natural programs are growing quickly and increasing revenue. This fiscal year volume is up 40% in Open Prairie Natural Pork, the Chairman's Reserve Prime Pork is up 84% compared to last year. In fiscal 2019 we expect the pork segments operating margin to exceed 6% and we expect similar or better results next year.  In our Chicken segment we're not where we want to be. We're still working to improve our operational execution in our tray-packed business. In addition we experienced a slow start to the grilling season because of cool wet weather but we're expecting to finish the summer strong especially back to school season and Labor Day weekend. We're seeing increased levels of chicken promotions at both retail and food service. We expect chicken demand in future to remain strong or accelerate into next year. This includes demand for boneless dark meat. For fiscal 2019 the operating margin for the chicken segment should be around 6% and we expect improved results for fiscal 2020. Over the next five years it's estimated that nearly 98% of protein consumption growth will occur outside the United States and about 70% of that growth will be in Asia. As global protein consumption continues to grow Tyson's business will grow with it.  We're driving profitable growth in key markets with strategic customers through locally relevant products. We've completed the acquisition of Thai and European poultry assets in the third quarter. We're creating a new international business model that focuses on consumer demand. We're pleased with the initial results and have identified significant synergy potential in these businesses. For example we've been contacted by major customers in new geographies to discuss strategic relationships. These are customers we know well in other parts of our business and we're excited about expanding these relationships. We expect better results in fiscal 2020 from substantial improvements in our legacy international operations as well as the impact of a full year of ownership in Keystone's international business as well as our new Thai and European operations. That concludes my comments on segments and channels. Now I'll ask Stewart to take us through the financials.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Noel and good morning everyone. The third quarter results were in line with our expectations with earnings of $1.47 per share. Our operating margin was 7.3% on operating income of 796 million. Revenues were $10.9 billion up 834 million compared to Q3 last year on an 11.8% volume increase. Average sales price declined 3.5% due to product mix changes resulting from acquisitions and divestitures, primarily the acquisition of American Proteins. We're very pleased with our acquisitions and we are even more optimistic about the potential for growth and the pace of synergy capture. Across our last four acquisitions to Tecumseh, American Proteins, Keystone, and most recently the poultry operations in Europe and Thailand, we spent a little under $4 billion and we're on time and on budget integrating these businesses.  We're already covering our cost to capital on an off to tax basis in 2019 and as we deliver the full benefit of our synergies we will drive impressive returns on these acquisitions while expanding our scale and enabling additional long-term growth. To facilitate our organic and acquisition growth we require more robust analytic capabilities and standardized processes across a common platform. In the third quarter we implemented a new information technology system to meet these needs. And while we did experience some disruptions the vast majority of the transactions went according to plan. Our people have been working diligently to resolve the delayed order and billing transactions and we expect to be back to business as usual shortly. We haven't defined a dollar impact but it has increased our working capital days.  During the third quarter we repurchased 1 million shares for $79 million. Year-to-date we've bought back a total of 3.4 million shares for $225 million as part of our commitment to delivering value to our shareholders. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 20.4% in the third quarter and 20.8% year-to-date including cash of $406 million, net debt was 12.2 billion. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.9 times for the 12 months ending June 29. Net interest expense was $119 million in Q3. Capital expenditures were $315 million in the quarter and $971 million year-to-date as we focus on growth and efficiency projects with expected returns greater than the cost of capital.  Depreciation and amortization was $286 million in the third quarter and $809 million year-to-date. Weighted average outstanding shares in Q3 were approximately 367 million. Our operating cash flows year-to-date are over 1.5 billion and liquidity at the end of Q3 was also 1.5 billion. In Q4 we will focus our capital allocation on debt reduction as we have $1 billion coming due and we expect to address with cash flows and existing or new short-term liquidity. As we near the end of fiscal 2019 I'll provide a final outlook for the year and some initial thoughts on next year. These figures include Keystone and the recently acquired operations in Europe and Thailand. Note that also 2020 will be a 53 week year, we've adjusted our outlook to be comparable to 52 weeks.  Sales are expected to be approximately $43 billion in fiscal 2019 and grow 6% to 7% to around $45 billion to $46 billion dollars in fiscal 2020. Net interest expense should approximate $450 million both this year and next. We're projecting capital expenditures of approximately $1.3 billion this year with a similar amount in fiscal 2020. We expect liquidity to remain above our $1 billion target. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 21% this year and 23% to 24% in 2020. We're maintaining our earnings guidance for fiscal 2019 at $5.75 to $6.10 cents per share. We'll provide earnings per share guidance for fiscal 2020 on our fourth quarter call in November but next year we expect all segment results to be similar or better than this year while producing top line and bottom line growth. That concludes my remarks and now we'll return to Noel for additional commentary. Noel.
Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. As African Swine Fever impacts the global protein landscape Tyson is well positioned to meet consumer needs with our diversified portfolio. At this time it remains difficult to know the size of those opportunities or when they'll happen. We estimate increased exports of pork to China may happen late in the calendar year. There could be volatility in the early stages as global exports begin to backfill protein needs in the countries affected by ASF. Tariffs and trade restrictions add another layer of uncertainty while rumors of tariffs being lifted have created volatility. Tyson Foods continues to support efforts for new trade deals to bring stability to export markets. If the tariffs are removed, the U.S. pork industry will likely benefit directly. If they are not we will benefit from backfill and real allocation opportunities.  Regardless of the market dynamics we are prepared to capitalize on all opportunities through great execution, cost control, and most importantly by meeting our customer's needs and expectations. We're excited about the direction of our company. We're leveraging our $7 billion international business, we are matching priority supply markets with priority demand markets across more and more proteins to deliver what we believe will be a very effective model to reach key markets and customers. Domestically our core retail and food service product lines continue to experience growth. Tyson is aligned with customers and channels that are growing. We also continue to innovate creating new products including some outsider traditional meat offerings and more are in the pipeline. That concludes our remarks and we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And today's first question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes, good morning Noel and Stewart. Thank you very much for taking my question. I have -- my question is around your assumptions for next year and in my view relatively cautious 2020 outlook considering all the potential benefits from African Swine Fever, could you lay out a little bit what you think the direct benefit to pork could be in your segment reporting considering that maybe trade restrictions might be lifted and how does this compare to the indirect opportunity from markets tightening in general and the backfill, so just to understand a little bit the drivers, pork specific and then obviously like the second, third derivatives on your other businesses in the U.S. as it comes to ASF that would be my question? Thank you.
Noel White: Yeah, sure Ben. I think that it's not only going to be pork that's benefited. I think that all of the proteins will benefit. In total they are somewhere around 5% of global protein that's disappeared. So whether it's a direct benefit or indirect benefit regardless it'll be beneficiary to us. So I think that both pork, beef, chicken all three primary proteins could benefit from that. The degree Ben it really depends on the timing of when these shipments might begin, whether it's from the United States or from other countries in a much more significant way. So I mean the guidance that we've provided is that we think that the earnings that we've generated so far and in 2019 there's upward potential and in some cases I believe a sizable upward potential and in some of our segments.  The other thing that I'd like to point out is that if we assume that ASF, if we completely discount ASF, the 6 to 7 top line growth that we are projecting for next year which will take us from the $43 billion to the $46 billion to $47 billion with current return on sales that generates an incremental $200 million. Additionally I talked about the fact that we are not happy with where our Poultry Group is at and we think that they're somewhere around 200 basis points yet to improve. So there is another $200 million. So some of that we will give up by a higher tax rate but we still are in position to gain significantly. 
Benjamin Theurer: Alright, very clear and then just as a follow-up and you have it nicely actually laid out in your supplementary information, with all the opportunities now to not only source from the U.S. to basically ship but you also having now access to South America, Australia, Europe to the different markets, any way you could quantify or try or at least have some qualitative commentary on what you think that could give you as an advantage compared to where you've been prior to the acquisitions, just considering the global spectrum of animal based protein?
Noel White: Right, well Ben it really provides a platform for us. We have a reasonable supply base and we also have operations now in the primary demand markets that we've identified. So both from a supply standpoint, demand standpoint we feel good about where we're at right now but that's not to say that we're done and we'll continue to look at other opportunities that present themselves. So over the course of time we'll continue to build out that space just as we intend to do in our Prepared Foods and value-added food space. So continued growth but not in one specific market. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. I'll leave it here and congrats.
Noel White: Thank you Ben. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. So there's obviously a lot of anticipation of the ASF impact as we get into fiscal 2020. Are there things that you can be doing to ramp up your chicken business in terms of the amount of processing capacity, the breeding cycle, if meat prices are going up next year that's the one area that could actually be accelerated potentially. Are there preparations that you're doing in that part of the business to take advantage of the situation?
Noel White: We do not plan on incremental production coming online. However we have as -- acquire some assets from Keystone just recently. So that will obviously expand our numbers and our volume as we report them. But as far as actually increasing chicken production itself, right now actually we're more focused on getting our business to run as we would expect it to which is it's not where we want right now and it's fairly isolated. It's within a handful of plants that are not performing at the levels that they need to. So we need to get our business running as we would expect before we would think about growing and expanding our current volumes.
Alexia Howard: Right. A super quick follow up, are there leading indicators we should be looking at to assess when the U.S. pork packers are going to start benefiting from ASF?
Noel White: Yeah, I would say nobody knows. My expectation is it does look like there is -- at least has been some sizable freeze inventories in China that they will work through the inventories that are on hand and it appears like that could be someplace in fourth quarter of the calendar year. So you would expect shipments from production to start sometime later this year whether that's October, November, December nobody knows, but that's my expectations. Alexia if I go back to your chicken question I was talking in terms of just raw chicken being produced. However we have added capacities, capabilities on the further processing side. So we do have lines that we've increased some capacities, we have a new plant that we opened a little over a year ago, a new processing plant in Green Forest, Arkansas. So it's not as though we don't have production capacities, we have capacities to take the chicken that we either produce or buy and add more value to it.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Noel and Stewart I wanted to ask you still have a relatively wide range of EPS expectations for this year, there's only one quarter left. Can you walk us through when you think what the key factors are that would drive that EPS in the fourth quarter towards the higher or maybe towards the lower end of the range, what are those that come to mind?
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah, look I -- thanks for that Ken. Clearly there are probably two things there that will influence the quarter. Number one will be meat prices, that always has a large impact on our results. The other will be the movement in grain prices and as you've seen in the last few weeks a lot of movement in corn. We came in through the fourth quarter -- through the third quarter with a pretty big mark to market in chicken that was about 40 million bucks. And as you can see in the last couple weeks a lot of that has reversed. So those are the two big items that I would point to. 
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, thank you. And then can I just ask a housekeeping question, I just want to make sure the 6% to 7% sales outlook for next year that does not include the extra week right, which would add some couple of percent?
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah, that's correct. It's 52 to 52.
Kenneth Goldman: Great, thank you very much. 
Noel White: Thank you Ken.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Yeah, thanks so much, good morning. So, I wanted to follow up on your comments on the chicken business. You talked about the 200 basis points of segment margin underperformance and you touched on that at the Investor Day. Sounds like the issue is isolated in a few different facilities but I'd just be curious to hear a little bit more about the critical path to unlocking that 200 basis points and then it also sounded like in your comments that a realistic expectation is for that to occur in 2020. But I just want to clarify our expectation on the timing of that recoup of 200 basis points?
Noel White: Yeah. Ben you're right, that is about the number that we're expecting to come through and we do expect that to occur in 2020. We know specifically which plants are opportunities for us. We know what the causes are and they are in the process of being addressed. You know we have some turnover numbers that are higher than what we expect which generates yields that are less than we expect, productivity and throughput is not where we expect it to be. So we know specifically where the opportunities are at, we know the root cause, and we have a team that is fully dedicated to get them corrected as quickly as possible.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. And then switching to the Prepared Foods business, just given the volatility in prices that we've seen in pork and beef over the last several months can you just help us think about how you all think about managing a list price on that business, are you looking for sustained cost increases before you raise prices and has the volatility in prices changed your thought process on the timing of pricing increases you might take as you look to 2020?
Noel White: Sure, well if I go back to last spring Ben that's when a lot of the rumors and discussion about shipments to Asia have started to affect the futures markets. Hog futures escalated rapidly and with that some of the pork prices started to go up. Now as we got into May and June that subsided, so as we were having conversation with customers back in the March-April time period we were talking about price increases and said that this is an unprecedented event and we've been selective on where we have taken price increases and in other cases we've not. It's really dependent on the product and the product category but all of our customers are fully aware of what's in front of us with African Swine Fever and what the potential price impacts could be. So as we start to see prices escalate all the conversations that have already taken place and I think it's at that point in time where you see products move up because of the increased disappearance and you'll see the Prepared Foods price changes implemented.
Ben Bienvenu: Thanks very much. Good luck for the rest of the year. 
Noel White: Yup, thank you Ben. 
Operator: And our next questions today comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks, good morning everyone. So I guess I want to continue to remain in the Prepared Foods business and here I mean going back to some of the raw material volatility which maybe was less pronounced than you might have thought three months ago and caused you to bring back up the guidance for the full year a little bit. Maybe just as we think about margins here for the next quarter and then into next year, just a little more color on pricing kind of the underlying volume traction you're seeing by some of the different categories that you participate in and just visibility and I know there's been some challenges in some of the food legacy, food service businesses that you've kind of been overcoming, just how are those progressing as we think about the margin progression prospectively?
Noel White: Yeah, sure Adam. First of all we are pleased with our volume that we are significantly outpacing the industry and in our volume growth. We have over the course of the last 12 to 18 months invested in that business and we're seeing the dividends from those investments. So some of the product categories that that I mentioned in our prepared remarks those were just a few examples of where we're seeing the type of growth in the marketplace. So we expect that to continue, the growth in our Prepared Foods space. We continue to invest in the category both from a map standpoint as well as from an innovation standpoint. So we have a very robust pipeline of products that we'll be introducing in 2020. So we're very positive, very optimistic on the outlook for Prepared Foods. The ability to manage the raw material price increases, that's our business, that's what we get paid to do. We know that it is likely to occur at some point in time. We've done a lot of preparation and with the expectation that the prices will at some point in time start to go up. So we feel good about our position in the marketplace, our volumes is strong and we believe that we can generate the 12% plus margins that you were expecting for this year.
Adam Samuelson: Great, and then just on the follow-up on the forward outlook and on chicken specifically, the kind of improved results you expect next year especially relative to the 200 basis points of margin kind of opportunity that you see, kind of from internal initiatives, what -- as you thought about chicken margins in excess of 6% is that just assuming kind of the corn strip kind of where it is today and/or how much of the margin improvement especially on the tray packed side do you think you can capture in 2020 versus 2021 or 2022?
Noel White: Yeah, the most recent, I mean grain prices are expected to be higher as we go into 2020 Adam so we are expecting some price increases at the tune of a couple of $100 million at this point in time. Obviously it changes on a day to day basis but that's basically where it's at right now. So the numbers that I talked about the under-performance, the 2200 basis points or 2% return on sales it's very achievable despite the fact that grain prices are expected to go up.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that's very helpful, I will pass it on, thanks. 
Noel White: Okay, thanks Adam. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Robert Moskow: Thank you. I know I was a bit surprised about the guidance for the Prepared Foods division margin to be as high as it was and raised and then into fiscal 2020 as well. You say it assumes current expectations for raw material costs, what are those expectations, are you expecting a lot of inflation or not? 
Noel White: In most categories I'd say yes Rob, we are expecting inflation on the raw material cost whether it's beef, raw material inputs or whether it's pork and/or poultry for that matter. So we are expecting raw material costs to go up for next year and we do expect to capture that back through pricing. As always there are some laggards involved but as I mentioned earlier those conversations have taken place and I think that there's a keen awareness throughout the industry of what the industry is likely to be faced in the next six months or so.
Robert Moskow: I got you, so unlike in prior years the customers are fully aware of what's coming so it should be easier to get the pricing through and the lag might be shorter than it has in the past? 
Noel White: I think that would be fair, yes. Those conversations have taken place, it looked like prices were going to go up across the board, late spring, early summer. To a large extent that didn't happen, we've backed away from those. Not entirely but for the most part. But those conversations have taken place and the fact that once we do see raw material costs start to go up then price is going to have to change. 
Stewart Glendinning: And maybe Rob one other thing just to keep in mind and that is that on the -- in the Food Service business there is a large chunk of business that is where pricing is tied to the cost of the materials. So that benefits our customers when prices go down and of course it costs them more when prices go up. That's automatic right. 
Robert Moskow: Okay, in the retail data for the quarter I noticed that your market shares went up in a lot of prepared food segments like bacon and sliced meats and it looked like your competition raised prices faster than you did in some of these segments, is that a fair way to characterize the quarter?
Noel White: No, I don't think that's the reason that we captured incremental volume Rob. It might have played a part but for the most part we've been executing very well in the Prepared Food space. I talked about the innovation, the product launches, the support that we provided at retail levels. So no, I don't think it was primarily attributable to price at all.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research LLC. Please go ahead. 
Heather Jones: Good morning. I have a couple of questions, first was on poultry business. So you said that there's about 200 bps of margin improvements that left to get related to Tyson operations. And when I look at where your margins are relative to say 2015-2016 the delta is bigger so I'm just wondering would you attribute the remainder of that delta to industry specific issues like market dynamics and then the 200 bps is the Tyson specific issue? 
Noel White: Yes, yeah Heather I think you're exactly right. I think that the margin structure if we go back several years ago I think that as an industry we were all enjoying some higher margins than what we currently have. And then our performance relative to that is not where we expect to be. So yes, I think first of all I think the margin structure is somewhat lower than what it was, but secondly there is money on the table for us to capture.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you. And then I want to go back to ASF, so your commentary regarding the likelihood of it benefiting U.S. exports sounded fairly confident. I'm sure you've seen the headlines out today about the escalation of U.S. China tensions and so I was just wondering if you could flush out what about the supply disruption gives you comfort that the U.S. is going to benefit either way whether that China comes to us directly or you mentioned backfilling, just like I said you sounded confident and I was wondering if you could flesh out your thinking on that, why you have such confidence? 
Noel White: Sure, because through the course of time Heather and whether it's with the current dispute with China or other historic disputes that we've had with different countries the product ends up finding its way to other markets and whether it's to China or whether it's to markets that -- whether it's South America or Australia or others that they've been servicing, the supply is somewhat fixed outside of where ASF has occurred. So it's not fit, all of a sudden there's going to be a rapid escalation in production globally that those production numbers are primarily fixed, demand is growing over the course of time which means that it may not ship directly to China but it will ship to other market that that somebody has been buying from another country in the past. But the reason I'm optimistic is because over the course of time it has always worked out that way. And there's always going to be noise in the market about trade disputes and non-tariff trade barriers and over the course of time it all sorts itself out.
Heather Jones: Thank you for that, very helpful. 
Noel White: Great, thank you Heather. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yeah, good morning. Just wanted to ask a little bit about how you're thinking about your pork business and specifically are you guys shifting any more of your pork production to a product that doesn't contain ractopamine so that you're able to export to China if that opens up? 
Noel White: Sure Michael, yes, we have we have the capability to do that that we have supply lines currently that does and can produce ractopamine-free products and we produce a lot more. It's a matter of demand in the marketplace so we have the option of flipping fairly quickly to ractopamine-free. So that is not a primary concern of ours now.
Michael Piken: Okay, great and then as a follow up I guess just in Prepared Foods, I know you guys for fiscal 2020 said that there is a potential for margins to go even higher than the 12%, what gets you there, is it a combination of like mix, new products, like maybe if you can just walk us through what type of margin upside and not only going into 2020 but just looking out several years what is the opportunity there? 
Noel White: Sure, a lot of it is in mix Michael. But keep in mind that 12%, that's a composite number of all of our Prepared Foods number. So within that there's multiple businesses that generate many different types of margin structures. So it's in fact taking those businesses that have a lower margin structure and getting them to improve based on where they've been. So it might be through volumes, it might be distribution, it might be through new product introduction. There's a multitude of ways for us to do that and secondly to take our higher margin product categories and expand and grow those businesses which is what we fully intend to do. So it would be both, it would be the innovation, new product categories that come in as well as upgrading some of the mix of some of our lower margin structure businesses.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jeremy Scott of Mizuho. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Scott: Thank you. Just following along on the Prepared Foods question I think this wasn’t explicitly said at the Investor Day but it was implied by the cautiousness on the Prepared Foods margin outlook at the time that because that would be so beneficial to your chicken and fresh meat segments that it may present an opportunity for you to take market share in some of the key Prepared Foods categories. In other words you're able to leverage the balance and the vertical integration of your model to win business from others that were less balanced and less integrated by not taking price at the same magnitude or working with your customers at a vulnerable time. So what does your Prepared Foods margin guidance on 2020 imply about your competitive strategy if it's changed and how do you think about the balance of profit between segments particularly in volatile times like these, I asked that because just looking at your 2020 guidance I don't think I remember a time in the past decade where all segments moved in unison? 
Noel White: No, you're right it doesn't happen very often but that is in fact the value of the diversified portfolio of products and categories that we have and I think that's one of the primary factors that's misunderstood is it's not very often where all beef, pork, poultry and Prepared all deliver at the same time but it does help stabilize earnings throughout the course of time. And I think that it's that value that we provide in the marketplace with that diversified portfolio, a lot of investors are missing. So as we look at our Prepared Foods space I mean it's not that we're going to make a decision to advantage one business or another because our Prepared Foods business has been growing with product that's been transferred internally at market. So it's not the fact that we're giving an advantage to one business or to another, it's because they're earning in the marketplace and they're doing it through diligent work of how we innovate, how we go to market, how we service our customers, and that's the expectation for 2020 is that we're not going to gain share specifically through some mechanism of pricing that's going to disadvantage one and then vantage another. We are going to earn it with our innovation, our marketing, and how we service our customers.
Jeremy Scott: Got it and then on the chicken side some of your larger customers appear to be exploring and expanding upgraded chicken sandwich line up and let's just say that's true, can you talk a little bit about the potential implications here and if you need to make any production adjustments and then can you update on the Tecumseh plant, where are you on the opening timeline there?
Noel White: Yeah, first of all the first part of the question is really on the food service side, about chicken sandwiches and I do think that chicken is attractively priced right now and there does seem to be a fair amount of interest in featuring more chicken products as opposed to a year ago where we saw much more beef in the marketplace and what we do right now. So I do think that that's a realistic expectation with chicken breast meat prices in particular as low as they are it is attractive to feature. The second part of the question was I think you mentioned Tecumseh, I don't know -- 
Jeremy Scott: Gentleman the humble plan?
Noel White: Yes, so construction remains on schedule and I would say on budget as well equally as important. So, no, no surprises, no delays, nothing sooner than what we originally projected so on schedule with humble. 
Jeremy Scott: Got it, thank you. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Michael Lavery: Good morning. You touched on how there should be some benefit from what's likely shorter lags in passing on pricing with customers, can you talk a little bit about your thinking on the consumer side and what some of your assumptions are for elasticities. Obviously I know you said the timing and some of how it plays out especially all the way into the fiscal 2020 is unclear. But when you expect the pricing and some of those actions to take place, what's your expectations for the volume impact and how the trajectory that evolves over the course of the year? 
Noel White: Yes, certainly Michael. The elasticity, it really depends on the price levels that these products get to and that's the unknown and that's the difficulty in forecast what the impact might be into 2020 which is the reason it makes it so difficult to quantify EPS expectations for next year and it will continue to be a challenge even as we finish out this fiscal year and our fourth quarter earnings call. Just because it does make a significant difference on what type of price levels that these parts move to. Because at some price point consumers will look for different alternatives and it doesn't matter if it's beef, if it is pork, if it is poultry, or if it's Prepared Foods. They'll look for those alternatives in the marketplace. So there is an expectation that at some price point that there will be some demand destruction. However there is room in the marketplace for some price increase without seeing significant demand destruction.
Michael Lavery: So would it be fair to say that if you have already identified a margin expectation for Prepared Foods and it's based on your current inflation expectations that you don't expect yet for the inflation level to be beyond what the consumer could bear? 
Noel White: No, I think that's fair Michael. I think that with current expectations we're not expecting to see the demand destruction in the market those type of price levels.
Michael Lavery: Okay, and then just one quick one on Adelle, can you talk about where that's shelved or some of how you communicate to the consumer just what the product is and how to think about its value proposition, it's obviously got some elements that are unique and new. It's maybe a little bit to explain, how do you approach just connecting to the consumer with that proposition?
Noel White: Yeah, the go to market with Adelle was slightly different Michael and some of our other products but it is a product that we use a fair amount of demos in stores as opposed to advertising, promotion, social media but much more to sample in-store consumers have the opportunity to taste the product and understand how true -- how good it truly is. So, the go to market strategy a slightly different in Adelle and some of our other products.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Eric Larson of Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead. 
Eric Larson: Yes, thank you everyone. Just a quick question on kind of capital allocation year to 2.9%, excuse me, 2.9 times leverage ratio and I guess the one piece of the 2020 guidance that caught me a little bit by surprise was that your interest expense is going to be flat year-over-year which was kind of flat rates maybe declining a little bit, who knows what happens with that. I would have thought that maybe some of your capital allocation would have gone toward debt reduction, if you had a lower interest expense number for next year can you just give us a quick walk through of how the capital allocation is looking for the next 12 months? 
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, so certainly the focus as you rightly point out is going to be on debt reduction. The answer to your question around why no change in the total interest is just because of the timing that we took on for the debt of Keystone. The mix of some of that debt, the relative interest rates I actually just looked at that on Friday and can confirm that we feel confident in our number. The only other thing I would say is that we are focused on debt reduction. let's also be well aware of the fact that we are pulling all of the other capital leaders at the same time. We have had a 38% CAGR on our dividend rate and that is paying out at a good level now. We have had a couple of successful years of higher than average CAPEX investment as we have invested behind new plants, new capabilities in our business and we've also as I pointed out on the call today have spent $4 billion in the last year buying businesses which on a cumulative basis now are performing in excess of their cost of capital on an after tax basis. So I would say our capital allocation strategy is broad and effective.
Eric Larson: Okay, and then just one final question and I think ASF has kind of have been beaten to death but we know that China is going everywhere around the world trying to find protein and a number or several of the U.S. protein companies have said that China has contacted them directly about muscle meat exports or imports to China which we don't really do. We never have -- with primary muscle meat products have gone directly to China, have you guys actually received inquiries from China and are you doing anything to prepare to ship to them? 
Noel White: Yeah, certainly, yes we have. I mean we have had relationships, we had office in China for a number of years so we are very familiar with the marketplace, we have regular interaction, daily interaction with a large number of the primary users within China. So we know the market and we have had discussions particularly over the course of the last three or four months that I can't get too specific on what and who but yes there is discussions taking place. 
Eric Larson: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. Just some questions, one is after all these years we've had this discussion about Prepared Foods and how the margins can go up and you guys have to always try to temper the expectations keeping in that 10 to 12 it seems like you're kind of letting it a little loose here with Prepared Foods going up, what change gives you the confidence to change almost the Prepared Foods margin structure, almost like moving up and then not that you moved it all the way up to 13% to 14% but you moved it definitely up from that like lower 10 to 12 to now at least 12 or around 12, what changed and are you not spending as much, do you not need to spend as much, do you feel like there's more synergies, what was the precipice for changing? 
Noel White: Sure Ken. Well first of all our spending has not gone down but we continue to invest in that business. And we're investing more in 2019 than we did in 2018. But really the confidence is just based on the growth that they have demonstrated and the fact that they have generated fairly strong returns and we could -- probably margin is up some more. However I would much rather have a business that's growing at 3%, 4%, or 5% with 12% margin than not growing at a 14% to 15% margin. But we still intend to grow the business and believe that we can do that with margins that are similar to where they're at today.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay, then my next question is just for clarification, on the chicken business were you implying that if market conditions stayed exactly the same for 2019 to 2020 the operational improvements are just at literally 200 basis points year-over-year based on you guys just fixing things, is that the -- I just want to make sure that was a clarification? 
Noel White: Well, if you assume -- if you've excluded all the factors that we've talked about Ken so the mark to market we talked about and grain cost increases was a question earlier, we expect to capture that over the course of time. But it's purely just operational performance. Yes, is the answer that we would expect to capture approximately $200 million or 200 basis points.
Kenneth Zaslow: And then my last question is shorter term, so I know there's a mismatch in the pork side between capacity and hogs, can you talk about how that would change in August, September, October going forward and what is your lever on Saturday kills to just ensure that the margin so even if you don't get a benefit from African Swine fever is there a change in the pork packer margin structure going forward and what are your levers that you can pull on that?
Noel White: Yeah, I can answer -- its a rather complicated question because I do think that the capacities are going to be somewhat tested this fall. We are expecting a typical increase in numbers as we come into late September, October, November and that's on a six day basis. And I would tell you Ken that there's been somewhat of a change within the industry with the labor supply being as tight as it is most plants would prefer to only run five days rather than six days that when you run six days week after week after week there's a price that you pay in doing that from a team member standpoint, where people simply don't want to work six days on an ongoing basis. But even at six days if the industry did run six days I think that we're going to be somewhat stretched in what the capacities, current capacities are despite the fact that the capacities are greater today than they were a year ago.
Kenneth Zaslow: So your jobs will be enough to supply the pork so you would expect to see a reversal of the pork back in margin, just make sure I understood what you saying? 
Noel White: I think you know typically as we go into the fourth quarter calendar year, margins typically do expand and I do believe there's been some contraction in margin everything else being held equal because squatter capacity has gone up and hog production rates are not at the same rate. So if -- as we see hard production numbers continue to increase which we do over the cap course the next two to three years and numbers grow at a 2% to 3% rate year-over-year. That by the end of 2021 or so we will be back in closer equilibrium to what we saw two years ago with squatter capacity relative to our production numbers. But I do think there's been some contraction and over the course of the next couple years it will equilibrate back to where it was a couple of years ago.
Kenneth Zaslow: I really appreciate, thank you guys. 
Operator: And our next question today is a follow up from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Just a couple of clarifications, the mark-to-market benefit you had in third quarter in chicken from the corn does that roll over in for us like how should we think about your positioning commodities on that? And then one just general follow up like why not give kind of an EPS range for 2020 at this point, you've given us growth for each of the segments why not give it EPS range too? 
Stewart Glendinning: Okay, let me give you the answer to both of those questions. So first of all on the mark-to-market on corn the $40 million benefit in the fourth quarter for chicken yes, you should expect that to come back. It depends a little bit of course on the prices of where the futures market goes but I think you've seen in the last couple weeks some of the benefit we ended up with in the third quarter as a lot of its unwound. But either way you took the benefit in last quarter and you need to buy the corn in this quarter. So, you will see an impact, that's the answer to your first question. The second piece on the guidance for next year is we would prefer to get closer to the end of our year so we've got a better perspective on next year before giving you that guidance. It's consistent with what we did last year. There are a lot of factors that are moving around, Noel pointed to the fact that we're sitting on sort of a $150 million or $200 million of grain year-over-year, just where we are at the moment. So is that -- and if that moves around we'd rather be at the year-end give you a guidance. We've given you the percentages so that you can start to shape the year yourself. We've given you the top line, I think that will at least give you a head start.
Noel White: Robert let me add that our hedging policy has not changed from what it's always been. We in fact do hedge products, we do not speculate. So the numbers that you're hearing coming from us we mentioned it last quarter, you've heard it this quarter. The only reason we're talking about it because the numbers are meaningful and that it has impacted earnings. But otherwise it's the normal course of business for us and that's hedging products for our customer sales. I just wanted to make sure there's a clear understanding, there's nothing which has changed from past practices.
Robert Moskow: Got it, thank you.
Operator: And today's final question is also a follow-up from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research LLC. Please go ahead. 
Heather Jones: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Going back to an earlier question about the kind of cost inflation we could anticipate in Prepared Foods, do you think we could see a move in those raw material prices to the levels we saw briefly for PED but yet on a sustained basis just trying to get a sense of what you're anticipating there?
Noel White: Well Heather, that's difficult to forecast because it's not only why China or Asia might be buying for materials but the type of products and then that has an impact on our specific products. So as an example historically there's not been a lot of Belize's an example shipped to China. Belize therefore in the United States obviously it would impact our bacon prices. On the other hand if they would take, if they would end up buying carcasses as an example then everything disappears. So, purely it would be speculation Heather for me to try and quantify what that might be by specific products.
Heather Jones: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you so much. 
Noel White: Okay, thank you Heather. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen this concludes our question-and-answer session, I would like to turn the conference back over to Noel White for any closing remarks. 
Noel White: Thank you for your time today and your interest in Tyson Foods. We're looking forward to finishing 2019 strong and deliver substantial growth across all segments of our fiscal 2020.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for attending today's presentation, you may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kathol, the floor is yours, sir.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Inc. earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. On today's call are Noel White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the resource center of the Tyson investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, May 6 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. A replay of today's call will be available on our website approximately 1 hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited.  Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today's remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning's press release. I'll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thank you, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Our earnings of $1.20 per share and a 6.3% operating margin demonstrate the strength of our diversified business model. The Prepared Foods segment's results were a Q2 record, and the Beef and Pork segments executed well despite several significant weather events. Although parts of our Chicken segment have challenges, we are past what is typically our toughest quarter, and we're driving changes to improve our results. As we move ahead with the integration of Keystone Foods, I continue to be encouraged by the opportunities we see both domestically and internationally. The integration process has gone well, and we're leveraging the international operation and the team's expertise as they strengthen our capabilities. We're confident in our ability to achieve our announced synergies as we improve efficiencies and optimize supply chain and production resources. Pending regulatory approvals, our acquisition of BRF Thai and European poultry operations is expected to close in our fiscal third quarter, and we're looking forward to this addition to our growing international business.  Moving to our segments. In the second quarter, Prepared Foods continued to perform very well with the $249 million in operating income and a 12.3% return on sales, which is yet another record. Prepared Foods was up 16% in operating income and relatively flat on volume and average price when excluding the divestitures of several noncore businesses last year. Our year-over-year increase in MAP spending and innovations investments have resulted in volume growth and net share gains. Our Core 9 categories are up an impressive 5.3% in volume over the last 13 weeks, and all categories are showing year-over-year increases. An example of this growth is Jimmy Dean frozen breakfast foods, which continues to grow at impressive rates with volume and dollars up over 6%.  We expect our Prepared Foods input cost to increase in the third and fourth quarters as beef and pork prices rise on concerns of the African swine fever outbreak in China. Our plan is to recover these additional costs through pricing, but it will take some time. As a result, we're adjusting our annual outlook for this segment to be between 10% and 12% return on sales. A key advantage of our end-to-end supply chain is that we can supply raw materials for value-added divisions and our customers when supplies are tight.  As we previously announced, we are launching our full-scale initiative to enter the alternative proteins space. We'll be introducing products this summer and early in the next fiscal year, and we're well positioned to capture growth in this space. We have a deep understanding of how to develop new products, brands and categories, and our distribution reach will allow us to move quickly into the marketplace. I'll move on to the Beef segment, which is performing well, having operating income of $156 million and a 4% margin in what is typically our most volatile quarter. Average price was up 2.3% and volume increased 3.2% compared to the second quarter last year on improved cattle availability and strong demand. The herd rebuilding continues, and we see ample cattle supplies into 2021. The quality of cattle has improved with record choice and certified Angus rating indicating improved genetics, which aligns with our growing premium beef programs.  We recently announced that we'll be using DNA technology to trace beef back to the individual animal of origin for our Open Prairie Natural brand of Angus beef. The process will assure customers that their Open Prairie beef was sourced from ranches where cattle were raised to specific requirements such as No Antibiotics Ever and no added hormones. Global demand for high-quality beef continues to be strong, and we expect our international beef sales to grow in the second half of the fiscal year, contributing to the Beef segment's margins of approximately 7% for the year. Turning to the Pork segment. Operating income was $100 million with an 8.5% margin. Average price was down 8.3%, while volume was up 1% due to the improved availability of live parts. News of African swine fever in China, along with the increased slaughter capacity in the United States and the near-term impact of driving up hog costs, initially outpaced the value of pork. We are achieving reasonable returns despite the headwinds while improving our spread to the USDA industry benchmarks versus a year ago. Our ability to execute well is due in large part to record high retention of our frontline team members, which has improved both safety and performance.  We currently project the Pork segment's operating margin for the fiscal year to exceed 6%. It is difficult to predict when ASF might positively impact our Pork business. However, we believe any financial benefit will likely occur in late 2019 or later. We are well positioned to be agile and meet customer and consumer needs internationally and domestically. In the Chicken segment, operating income was $150 million with a 4.4% margin. Volume was up 26.2%, and average price was down 11% primarily attributable to the acquisition of the American Proteins rendering business last year that added considerable volume at relatively low prices.  In the second quarter, pricing began to improve as AFS news drove incremental demand for chicken. We are in a solid position to improve pricing as we talk to customers about contracts in 2019 and into 2020. The big and small bird businesses performed well, offsetting some of the tray pack underperformance and earlier market weaknesses. In addition to the benefit of moderating grain prices, we have identified opportunities and several initiatives are underway to significantly strengthen the Chicken segment's results. Led by the iconic Tyson brand, our Chicken business has a great foundation, great products and robust pipeline of innovation. The Chicken segment is improving, and we're expecting an operating margin of around 6% for the year and continued improvement into 2020.  That concludes my commentary on the business segments. Now Stewart will take us through the financials.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Noel, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter EPS of $1.20 was down 6% compared to Q2 2018. Revenues were up $670 million to $10.44 billion. Volume was up 11.6%, and average price was down 4.8% as acquisitions and divestitures affected sales volume and changes in product mix affected pricing in what is typically our most challenging quarter. Operating income was $654 million, down 5.4% compared to the second quarter last year. Total company return on sales was 6.3% for the quarter driven by continued headwinds in parts of our Chicken segment partially offset by growth in Beef, Pork, Prepared Foods and other.  The Keystone acquisition has performed as expected in the short time we've owned it. It is right at breakeven on a cash accretion and income basis. As a reminder, we successfully secured our permanent funding for the acquisition during the second quarter through issuance of senior notes with an average maturity of approximately 16 years. Our operating cash flows for the quarter was $71 million, which were about what we expected due to deferred capital and hog payments and two tax payments that are typical to our second quarter. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for $63 million. We also directed $338 million toward capital expenditures as we continue investing in growth and efficiency projects with expected returns greater than the cost of capital. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 18.5%. Net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was 2.9x. Including cash of $360 million, net debt was $12 billion, and total liquidity was $1.9 billion at the end of Q2. Net interest expense was $114 million. Weighted average shares outstanding in Q2 were approximately 366 million.  For the remainder of the fiscal year, our primary capital allocation priority will be our debt. We have $300 million coming due at the end of this month and $1 billion in August. We expect to address those with our cash flows as well as existing or new short-term liquidity as needed to align with the timing of the maturities. In addition, we will continue to deploy capital for organic growth through CapEx in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for the year. We plan to scale back our spending to the $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion range in fiscal 2020 while spending at a rate higher than depreciation.  And finally, I'll update our outlook for 2019, which includes Keystone but doesn't yet include the BRF operations as that transaction has not yet closed. We expect sales to grow to approximately $43 billion with the addition of Keystone. Keystone is expected to be accretive on a cash basis for the year and breakeven on a pretax basis when excluding transaction and integration costs. The additional amortization for Keystone will be about $26 million for the 10 months of fiscal 2019 and approximately $35 million per year in fiscal 2020. Net interest expense should approximate $450 million. Liquidity is expected to remain above our $1 billion minimum target. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 22.5% for the year. And we're maintaining our earnings guidance of $5.75 to $6.10 per share.  The potential financial impacts of ASF have not been included due to the uncertainty of the timing. Much is uncertain where ASF is concerned, but we are proactive in our preparedness as a global business and in a strong financial position that affords us the agility and opportunities that few other companies have. Broadly speaking, we expect the impact of ASF to be positive for Tyson.  Now we'll return to Noel for additional commentary. Noel?
Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. This is an unusual, perhaps unprecedented time for the protein industry. In my 39 years in the business, I've never seen an event that has the potential to change global protein production and consumption patterns as African swine fever does. The situation is fluid and fast-moving, but we're working with others in the industry, government agencies and producers to prepare in the event ASF spreads to North America. A worldwide decrease in pork supply could put pressure on our Prepared Foods business by increasing raw material costs while offering significant upside to our Pork, Chicken and Beef businesses. The power of our diversified business model and broad product portfolio across more world geographies will be even more important under these circumstances.  Thinking back to similar instance like PEBB in 2013 and BSE in 2003, we've been able to manage through difficult situation and maximize opportunities when continuity of supply becomes even more important. I believe there is no company better positioned than Tyson Foods to handle what lies ahead.  That concludes our prepared remarks, and we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question we have will come from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens Inc.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Noel, I wanted to follow up on your concluding comments that you made on African swine fever. So you've decided not to update your guidance this morning with respect to ASF, which is understandable given the timing is -- of the impact is tough to gauge. But the comments you did provide were pretty constructive. So I'd love to hear any comments that you can make about what you guys are doing operationally and strategically to position yourselves for the event. And then if you could provide any more detailed thoughts on each of the major segments with respect to ASF, that would be helpful for us.
Noel White: Okay. Ben, it is a matter of timing and how that impacts both 2019 as well as 2020. And I do think that Tyson Foods is uniquely positioned in all of our proteins, in our Beef business, our Pork business, our Chicken business because you don't have an incident like this where there's some place in the vicinity of 150 million to 200 million hogs that have died in China that there's not a significant impact. That correlates to about 10 million metric tons of product that has come out of the marketplace. And from a total protein global supply, that's something in the area of 5%. So it's an event that I've never seen happen before, that we are well positioned to deal with that in all 3 proteins.  There's a couple of things that we're doing, Ben, in reaction to that. First and foremost, we want to make sure that this disease doesn't reach the United States. So there has been activity with the industry and the U.S. government to ensure that we're doing everything possible to keep the disease out of the United States and then react to that if, in fact, it does hit the United States. So it is an opportunity, I would tell you, for not just our Pork business but all 3 species.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Great. That's helpful commentary. And my second question is related to the Prepared Foods business. Obviously, a strong first half with respect to operating margins. But you've maintained your full year guidance range of 10% to 12%. In light of the strong results that we've seen in the first half of the year, I think to get to the bottom end of that range, we would have to see in the ballpark of 8% margins. So I'm curious particularly given that the full year guidance doesn't yet reflect ASF, which you noted put pressure on profitability, just any commentary you can provide on the Prepared Foods business as we move through the rest of the year would be helpful.
Noel White: Yes. Ben, I'll go back to my original comment on timing. Really, we have seen pork prices start to move in reaction to ASF, but the hog prices have risen faster than what product prices have. When product is in fact produced on a large scale for China, that product will come out of the U.S. market and prices are expected to escalate fairly rapidly. So it's a matter of predicting when that might take place, whether that's Q3, Q4 of our fiscal year or into calendar 2020. So the 10% to 12% range that we've given, that is down slightly from where we're at and it is an anticipation that pork prices will begin rising through Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Next, we have Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: So my first question is about the Walmart announcement of plans to backward integrate on the Angus beef supply. And I'm just wondering, this tendency for the retailers to make those kinds of backward integration moves, we've had Costco doing something in chicken as well, how do you think about that? And how do you make sure that, strategically, Tyson can continue to win even as the retailers start to think about those kinds of moves?
Noel White: I think we win by continuing to service them to the greatest extent possible with great product and service. And I hate to comment on any specific customer, but Walmart has been a very strong customer of ours for many, many years. It is a segment that is extremely complex. We will work with them to the extent that we can in assisting in any way. But our business is strong with Walmart, and they've been a great partner for many years.
Alexia Howard: And then just as a follow-up. The plant-based, you talked about an upcoming launch in, I guess, a second generation of plant-based, I'm assuming, burgers or something similar. Do you have -- do you already have an idea of how quickly you'll be able to scale distribution on most products? And what's the kind of feedback that you're getting from the retailers on that front?
Noel White: The product will enter the market yet this summer, Alexia, on a fairly limited basis and on a much larger scale later this fall. So we will be introducing the product this summer in a fairly limited basis and then on a much larger basis once we get into October and November.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Heather Jones of The Vertical Group.
Heather Jones: So I had a quick question on your Pork business. I was honestly a little surprised to see you raise your guidance there. And you mentioned something about improving your spread to USDA benchmarks because Q3 to date, margins have been contracting also. Just wondering, have you reworked some of your hog contracts? Or can you help us understand how you've been able to improve your relative performance and have that confidence? Because you made a comment in your release about hog prices running faster than the cutout, but then you raised your guidance for the year. So just could you help us understand the thought process behind that?
Noel White: Yes. The Pork business continues to operate extremely well, Heather, that as I mentioned, our turnover numbers are down. Our safety numbers are greatly improved. Productivity is much, much better. So operationally, we're performing exceedingly strong. However, the markets, they have risen substantially, both the hog markets as well as product markets. We saw the effect of that in Q2. We're seeing that in the beginning of Q3, that according to public information, margins are less than what we would like right now. However, we do believe that as we move through Q3 into Q4 and particularly in Q1 of next year, margins will become much, much stronger.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Heather, it's Stewart here. One other quick comment that's worth noting is that, obviously, as we project the back half of the year, we have the benefit of knowing what came in the first half of the year. We had a strong Q2. We came in at better than 8% in Q2. So that factors into our confidence for the full year despite the pressure that we're seeing in Q3.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then my follow-up is on the Chicken business. So this is I think the second time that guidance has been tweaked. And it's also the second time that Tyson's -- second quarter that Tyson's margins have sort of moved in the opposite direction of the industry. So I was wondering if you could help us understand what is going on there and what is being done to address it. Did the demand catch you off-guard and you had to buy more product on the outside market? Or just help us understand what's going on and how that's going to reverse course into late '19 and 2020.
Noel White: Yes. Heather, no, there wasn't anything specific that affected the Chicken business. I would tell you that as we came through Q2, that was seemingly the low end of the market as it often is. Prices have strengthened as we've moved through Q3 and -- for Q2 and into Q3. And I alluded to the fact that there are a couple of issues in one specific segment in our business that is in the process of being addressed. But it's purely driven by market factors primarily as well as, to a lesser degree, some performance issues.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. One other thing I'd just throw in there, Heather, you saw in Q3 -- and we don't normally get into sort of our -- all of our mark-to-market. But in this quarter versus last year, last year, we had a gain in our mark-to-market hedging on grains. We had a loss this year, and the delta between those 2 had the impact of a couple of percent on our number. So that's worth noting as you consider what went on in the quarter.
Heather Jones: A couple of percent, like on the percentage marks, is it like 200 basis points in margins or a couple of percent on the absolute dollar amount?
Stewart Glendinning: On the margins. But it's meaningful.
Operator: Next, we have Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: So just quickly following up on Howard's question in regards to the Chicken segment. So clearly, you've done the acquisition with Keystone pending Brazil Foods. I'd say timing was very good on those acquisitions. Now looking on how things evolve, and obviously now you getting this more international footprint, could you elaborate a little bit on your expectations for that Chicken segment once you start integrating further the businesses and the opportunities you're seeing in terms of be it margin stability or just growth opportunities in the Chicken segment also in the light of most likely people or some customers switching from pork into chicken? So just a little bit of an update on what you're seeing with Keystone and then later at this stage with Brazil Foods, that will be my first question.
Noel White: Yes. Ben, the integration work has gone extremely well through both the domestic as well as the international parts of our business. There have been nothing disruptive, I would say, that it is exactly on plan. Domestically, it's a very stable business for us. The margin structure is relatively stable. It complements some of the other business that we currently have. On the international basis, it solidifies the position that we have in China. It gives us a strong foothold in Thailand as well as other parts of Southeast Asia. So it's been no surprises so far and has delivered according to plan.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then a follow-up would be on Beef. I mean, clearly, there's been a little bit of short-term volatility in cattle pricing because of the weather disruption we had at the beginning of the year. It was just too cold and all those kind of things. So it was surprisingly strong still, the margin throughout the quarter. So what have you done in terms of securing some of the live supply? And how do you feel in terms of the third and particularly then also the fourth quarter in terms of input costs? And if you look for a route, how do you think the whole Beef business is going to turn out? Because that's been one of the very strong segments lately, so I would assume that it's going to continue to be the case. But is there anything you've been doing in terms of contract hedging and so on just in order to secure some of the supply here? And what have you done particularly in the quarter to maintain margins at that relatively strong 4% level?
Noel White: Okay. From a supply standpoint, Ben, there is nothing unique that we have done most recently. Many of our source and supply are long term in nature. So either we have normal contracts or informal. So the Beef business has evolved to a large extent over the course of the last 10 years or so, where there is a greater knowledge of where the cattle are going to come from as well as, from a producer side, the fact that they know that we're looking for unique characteristics in some of the cattle. So the evolution has been that we have a number of customer agreements and we have to source the cattle that aligns with the type of product that they're looking for. So to do that, we have long-term supply agreements.  So with that, I don't see any substantial change as we look at our Beef business. Q3 and Q4 are typically strong quarters for us, and I would expect the same thing this year. So as we came through Q2, as you said, it's often the most volatile quarter. There was weather disruption. But as we look into Q3, Q4, it looks like there's both good supply of cattle in the regions in which we operate as well as strong demand going into Q3 and Q4. And I would say the same outlook for 2020, that there's nothing on the horizon at this point that would change that. If anything, it could be stronger than what 2019 has been.
Operator: And the next question we have will come from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Jacob Nivasch: This is Jake Nivasch on for Rob. Just a couple of quick questions. So several years ago, I think you guys reduced your exposure to the chicken export market to reduce commodity volatility. And I guess going forward, do you guys need to operate differently in order to capitalize on the rising export demand related to ASF? And then I have a follow-up.
Noel White: I think when we talk about chicken exports, historically, that's largely been chicken leg quarters. And you are correct, that we have decreased the amount of total products that we are exporting, specifically leg quarters that we are deboning many of those today and adding more value to those products. So it has been done intentionally. And no, there is no plan to switch back to producing more leg quarters and exporting them in the market. There's greater value in satisfying domestic demand than producing leg quarters for export.
Jacob Nivasch: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one other quick one. So how quickly can the Prepared Foods division raise prices? And I guess, specifically, are there any product lines or channels that can raise price faster than others?
Noel White: I think it's going to be somewhat across the board. It's -- whether it's beef prices, pork prices, really all input prices are expected to increase. So don't think in terms of one specific type of product in prepared. With the increase in export demand, it will affect all proteins not only in the United States but on a global basis. So as you look at export information of what countries are shipping to what destinations, as an example, you'll see Australia has increased beef exports to China. With that, United States has historically been an importer of particularly lean beef firm from Australia. Prices have gone up significantly. So it's affecting not only our markets and not only the pork markets but global markets in all species.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe first I wanted to continue just in the Chicken business a little bit and just understand the performance in the quarter and the reduction on -- or the tempering of the margin outlook there. I'm presuming, Noel and Stewart, that you're alluding to market pressures in the tray pack segment. And just maybe can you give a little bit more color on the market pressures you're facing there and then as well just a little more color on the operational challenges that you faced?
Noel White: Well, the markets are trending up, Adam. So as we came into Q2, that was probably the low end of the market. So as we came through January, February, that was the low. They've improved since then. So that's a bit of a tailwind. So I think the worst is behind us, Adam. We're seeing demand improve a year ago. We saw lot of beef features planned for grilling season. This year, there seems to be more poultry plan than what there was a year ago. So from a demand perspective, it seems to be in a very different position than we were a year ago.  On the operational side, I would tell you that there's nothing that is profound that's -- with the number of facilities that we operate. There are always some unique challenges and there just happens to be a couple of challenges in one segment of the poultry business right now.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. So just to be clear then, the tempering on the margin expectations for fiscal '19, is that more a reflection of the actual first half performance? Or did your expectations on margins in the second half of the year come down at all?
Noel White: No. It's really the first half.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then just thinking about ASF and the impact -- the potential impact in Chicken where this is the segment you're vertically integrated in. And so one would naturally think there's the most operating leverage to an inflationary environment, but you also operate in a lot of different segments. So maybe just help us think about where -- size kind of how we should think about inflation benefiting the Chicken business given the offsets in the prepared poultry business, some of the grain -- or the cost-plus contracts that you have in different market segments as well and just frame kind of what that opportunity would be.
Noel White: Yes. Adam, it's going to benefit all 3 species, beef, pork and poultry. And it will be to the detriment of prepared on a short-term basis. Now in time, those increase in costs will be passed along, but there is a timing issue. So that is the reason that we tempered the Prepared Foods earnings outlook and the reason that we are, in fact, a little more bullish than what we were on Beef, Pork and Chicken not only through the balance of 2019 but into 2020.
Operator: Next, we have Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Yes. Had a couple of questions. The first one is if you could provide us an update on the status of your new chicken plant. And then the second question is if you could provide us an update on the status of the financial fitness cost savings. Just I know you're not specifically tracking it, but just if things are still on track and if it's still right to put in $200 million a year in savings.
Noel White: Yes. Michael, both are on track. There's the plant that we announced in Tennessee. Construction is proceeding as planned. There's -- not being delayed. It's on budget. So no change there. And then the financial fitness, that's just part of our business today, Michael, that we are not breaking that out specifically. However, I would tell you that is part of our fabric. We do track that internally. We don't talk about it externally. But yes, I think it's fair for you to build that into your model.
Stewart Glendinning: The only thing I'd add, Michael, is just on the cost front, I think Noel mentioned it earlier, but all of the acquisitions, as we integrate those, the synergies are coming in as planned as well so cost coming out on a number of fronts.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Two questions for me. First, regarding ASF, I'm curious, what do we know as an industry? And what is still up in the air? Obviously, we know that hundreds of millions of hogs are gone, but I'm curious what your research is telling you about, A, I guess, whether China has been able to slow down the spread of the disease at all; and B, to what extent China is maybe building out some chicken production to offset the gap in hogs.
Noel White: Ken, that would be speculation on my part because there's nobody that knows the exact situation in China. I think the reports that we all read, that you have to accept those at face value. There's quite a range, as you know, that's -- it's being quoted anywhere from 20% of the herd to 30-plus percent. So on an equivalent basis, that's more than the entire hog production in the United States on an annualized basis, but there's nobody that knows exactly how many hogs are affected.  And are they increasing poultry production? I would say probably to the extent possible. However, as you know, there's been some limitations within China on the breeding flocks. So it's not as easy. It's just saying that we're going to start raising more chickens. And you have the factor that the predominant form of chicken that's consumed in China is a yellow bird. It's not the white bird that we produce here. So it's a different type of product than what we're accustomed to. So it's not as though you can turn off pork and turn on poultry. It will be multiple years before the supply balance comes back into equilibrium.
Kenneth Goldman: No. That's helpful. I do appreciate the candor. I don't think anyone does, though, but I figured if anyone might, it might be Tyson. But it's hard to know, I'm sure. And then my second question is I just wanted a clarification. When you are talking about pricing catching up a little bit later as a result of higher hog costs, are you talking about pricing in your Pork segment as well as your Prepared Foods segment? Because I understand the delay, the inevitable pricing on the Prepared Foods side. But in Pork, at least historically, there just hasn't been much of a lag ever in the timing on pork and hog prices. So I wanted to get a little bit of a sense of what you were forecasting there.
Noel White: Yes. It would be some of each. It would be both in our Pork business as well as our prepared business. And if I move just specifically to the Pork business, as news of ASF became a little more widespread, the futures market made significant gains so futures were higher, and as a result, hog prices went up as well even though product prices didn't. So there can be periods of time that the live markets can leave product markets or vice versa. In this particular case, the live market did get ahead of the product market so there is a lag that is taking place right now.  And then on the product market, I think you clearly understand that as right -- as prices rapidly rise on the input side, the price recovery, there's a lag in capturing it. So by the end of Q3, Q4, it should be pretty well priced into the market. On the prepared side, it might change slightly lower.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. It's worth noting maybe that on the prepared side, the team has already started to go out to the market with some price increases. So that team is well prepared and already taking action.
Operator: Next is Jeremy Scott of Mizuho.
Jeremy Scott: Just back on the Chicken margin. I think the key thing I have been wrestling with since the Keystone acquisition or probably even before that is the weighted average duration of your chicken contracts or how your customer-centric model limits your ability to pass through pricing. So I guess, in other words, if commodity chicken prices were to rise by 10% tomorrow, say, by government decree, how long would that take to roll through your model? And to what extent would your business mix inhibit your realization of that price?
Noel White: Jeremy, there's not an exact way to answer that question because we have many, many different types of pricing models. So it's not as though we have fixed-price models, that we have priceless models, that we have a model that allows immediate pass-through. We do sell some on a spot basis, but we have many different models. So it's not as though we sell one way and the lag is going to be 2 months or 12 months. So there's -- I can't give you a specific answer to that. It will take time to pass on through. But that's been done intentionally, Jeremy. That we have set up various pricing models with many different types of customers to provide stability in our earnings so we don't have the volatility that more of the commodity-oriented players have.  So we will not reach the highs in the market when commodity prices go high nor will we reach the lows. We're looking for a more stable earnings stream, and that's the way that our pricing model has been set.
Stewart Glendinning: And one of the reasons why I think it's best, we have the benefit obviously of pretty detailed models internally to be able to see where things are going. And it's why we -- it's one of the reasons why we prepare a detailed financial forecast for you in terms of giving you that heads up. I would also say it's worth noting that in the quarter, whilst you saw some weakness in Chicken, just reflect on where the return on sales were for all of the other businesses, and they look really good.
Jeremy Scott: All right. Just on the Pork side, I think there's maybe some -- it's difficult to think that I don't know how your plants would -- how much of your plants will be able to export pork to China if it were to come to that. Would you be willing to work with your hog suppliers to remove ractopamine from your supply? And can you describe how that would impact your product from a yield and quality perspective?
Noel White: The answer, yes. Yes. Definitely, Jeremy. We would be working and have worked with our supply. We do produce ractopamine-free product today, and it's an offering that we make into the market both for domestic as well as international use. And we do work with groups of producers for us to do that. We can expand that program. So the answer would be yes. We have the capability on a large-scale basis to meet those international demand. However, I would tell you, we will balance that with the domestic customer base that we've serviced for many years and plan to continue to service. So some companies might view this as opportunistic. We don't. We view this as a mobile, long-term event. And we will structure our business to service not only the international markets as though we have in the past but continue to service our domestic customers as well.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. Okay. Can I just ask, to the extent that you can, can you give any update on the class action case? It seems, from your disclosure in the Q, it looks like the DOJ has issued a grand jury subpoena on discovery document. So this has been a civil matter here for three years. Was there anything that precipitated the government's involvement recently?
Noel White: No. All I can say, Jeremy, is that we're disappointed that it went this far. But I'm not going to make any comments on any pending lawsuits.
Operator: Next, we have Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Lavery: Could you just give a little more color, when you said that you're not factoring ASF into your outlook, but then I think you're also trying to be -- to account for some of that in a little more cautious view on costs in Prepared Foods, would it be right to characterize your guidance as trying to capture at least the cost increases you have the visibility on without the pricing benefits? Is that the right way to think about that context you're working in?
Noel White: I think that would be accurate, Michael, because it is a matter of timing, right, because we have seen raw material prices that have moved higher. It has had an impact on Prepared Foods, but we've not seen the corresponding reaction in the livestock prices. So we do think that there will be an expansion that will take place in beef, pork and poultry. It's a matter of if it's in fiscal 2019 or if that moves into 2020.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just back to your comments about the U.S. And obviously, if it came here, I think it's been very clear that would be a major problem. But there hasn't seem to be a lot of talk about that. Do you have any reason to believe -- that has seemed to me very unlikely. Is that a fair characterization? Or how would you quantify the risk around that?
Noel White: I think there's a real risk that, that could take place. African swine fever has been -- we've been aware of circumstances globally for a number of years, 10 years, 15 years. But it has spread rapidly in the course of the last 12 months not only in China but throughout other parts of Asia as well as Europe. So I think the threat is real. And I do think there is a distinct possibility it could come to the United States, and we need to be prepared for that. We need to be prepared from a regulatory standpoint.  When we had high path AI in this country a few years ago, the industry and the government quickly mobilized. We need to take that as a lesson and use that in the case that it does come here as well as from a trade standpoint in trade -- in talking with our trade partners about regionalization and the fact that it doesn't matter if it's in the United States or within Europe or any other country, that it should be on a regionalized basis. And we do have meetings that have and continue to take place with industry associations, with the government as well as those in the pork business. So there is a coordinated effort that has been underway for the last 60 days or so.
Operator: And next, we have Eric Larson of Buckingham Research Group.
Eric Larson: I just want to follow up on the grain impact on your margins in the chicken sector for the second quarter, 200 basis points down. But when you now look forward, maybe it's not going -- it would not be a positive yet for your third quarter, but we're going to start anniversary-ing some of these high grain costs. They started coming down in June last year pretty sharply. I would think that grain, particularly meal, could start becoming a tailwind maybe fourth quarter. I mean that assumes the prices stay where they are on the spot market and whatever your hedging practices or purchase forward practices have been. But maybe this is more of a 2020 positive event. I mean how should we look at the forward structure of your grain input cost as opposed to what happened in Q2?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, so a couple of comments on Q2, and then we'll talk about the future. So looking back at Q2, just pure grain prices in Q2 were slightly higher than the same quarter last year. And then, of course, you had the impact of this timing gain in the first quarter last year and the loss this quarter -- this year. How those play out into the future, of course, will depend a little bit on the grain prices themselves. I think actually, the key answer to your question lies in your point at the end, which is the assumption around price. When we gave you the expected return on sales for the business, we're making assumptions both around our hedging, the price of grains that we expect to pay and then the commensurate prices that we're getting in the marketplace. So there's no sort of easy answer to just say, well, price of corn will be down and therefore, we'll be making a lot more money. We've sort of woven all of that price and cost of corn into the forecast that we've given you.
Eric Larson: Okay. So if you just take the price of corn and soybeans today, which translates into the meal, et cetera, we're at really historical lows. We still got a lot of supply coming in globally. But I would suspect, at some point, there's maybe more upside risks, maybe not near term, than it is more downside. So would this be an environment where you'd get more aggressive? It seems like the market is short -- pretty short on both the commercial side as well -- we know the noncommercial is very short. So wouldn't it seem that there might be more upside risk to that pricing outlook? And then I'll pass it on.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, potentially, I think the real thing about grains is it's an input that we have to take. We take that into account in our pricing, and our hedging is not in any way speculative. It is designed to take the volatility out of the grains that we use in our business. And so over time, you will see our hedging in a rising market will slow that impact, and in a falling market will delay the benefits. But I don't think that you will see any sort of dramatic change in action. Otherwise, we're just entering a sort of trading game, which is not our business.
Operator: And next, we have Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just a couple questions, I'm sorry. First, are there any structural issues with your Chicken business that you would not be able to get back to 2016 levels if the market permitted?
Noel White: No. There is not, Ken. No structural issues. We do have a few specific plants that are not performing at levels that we would want, but nothing on a structural basis. The team knows where the opportunities are, and they are after those opportunities.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then I think you said last quarter that you would expect profit to grow in 2020. And obviously, we did not have African swine flu back then. And you didn't say exactly the number, but you said that you'd expect it to grow given all the things you're doing. Is that still a fair comment, excluding African swine flu fever?
Noel White: Yes. It would. Even excluding African swine fever, Ken, I think the outlook as we look into 2020 would be positive for several reasons. One, the cattle herd is at least stable, if not still slightly growing, but the growth has leveled off. However, global demand continues to be extraordinarily strong. So exports have been good. Domestic demand has been very strong as well.  Moving over to Pork. We -- as we came through 2019, there was several new plants that came in line. So capacity increased at a greater rate than what hog production did. We are seeing growth in hog production. So I think that, that delta that we saw change in 2019 will come back in closer balance. So I think that's a positive on the Pork side.  And on poultry, as I mentioned, we started the year -- Q2 was not a particularly strong quarter for us. But for the year, we're going to end up at about 6%. And it looks like as we move into 2020, it has the possibility of being something stronger than that.  So all three businesses in addition to our prepared, which has had several record quarters, continues to perform exceedingly well. So no, all parts of our business look good at this point, the last component being our International business. Our legacy International business continues to strengthen. It's -- we are at breakeven or better at this point. And historically, that was a segment that did not make money. It cost us money. So that is a change in our business as well.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just on International, I know it's a very small part, but I have a lot of questions. But International, you will be at a run rate of a profit by the fourth quarter. Is that a fair assessment? Or -- yes. Is that fair?
Noel White: Yes. Yes, that's fair, Ken. And that is excluding Keystone. That would be our legacy business that we would be on a run rate to make money.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And my very last question is promotional spending. You have seen that change in the industry towards chicken. Is that one of the reasons that you think that the Chicken margins have improved from current levels absent any sort of African swine fever impact? Is that a fair assessment? And can you give some anecdotes? And I'll leave it there.
Noel White: I think that it's because of the alternative protein. Well, proteins other than chicken. So as an example, beef prices are significantly higher than what they were a year ago. So as an alternative, I think they've chosen to promote more chicken this year than what they did a year ago simply because of the price of beef. I mean, the beef cut-out is something, let's say, $2.30. So it's extraordinarily strong. So as they look at what they want to feature, chicken is a great value right now. So I think that's the primary reason more so than the MAP spend that's going against it.
Operator: At this time, we will go ahead and conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Noel White, President and Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks. Sir?
Noel White: Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in Tyson Foods. You'll be hearing from us again at the BMO Conference next week and at our Investor Day, June 20. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And we thank you, sir, and the rest of the management team for your time also today. Again, the conference call has now concluded. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you again, everyone. Take care, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods' First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Inc. earnings conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. On today's call are Noel White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the Resource Center of the Tyson Investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Thursday, February 7, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on our website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today's remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning's press release. Because our annual meeting of shareholders takes place this morning, we need to limit the call to an hour so we can get to the meeting on time. I ask that you honor the operator's one question one follow up instructions and get back in the queue if you have additional questions. We want to get to as many of you as possible, so we will be moving quickly through Q&A while answering questions as fully as possible. I'll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2019 is off to a solid start with earnings of $1.58 per share and 8.3% operating margin. As we evolve from a protein producer to a modern food company, we are reaping the benefits of our established diversified business model. Yesterday, we reached the definitive agreement to acquire the Thai and European operations of BRF. The purchase includes four poultry processing facilities in Thailand. One in the United Kingdom and one in the Netherlands. This deal furthers our growth strategy by expanding offerings of value added protein in global markets. We completed the Keystone acquisition on November 30th and have provided us with the scalable platform in the Asian poultry market. The acquisition of the BRF facilities will help strengthen our presence in the Thai poultry industry and serve the high growth markets in that region. BRF assets in the United Kingdom and in the Netherlands give us a stronger foothold in Europe where we are currently under penetrated. I am confident in our ability to integrate the BRF operations in part due to the pace and level of team working taking place with the Keystone integration. Keystone is already playing an important role in our growth strategy, and we look forward to maximizing the opportunities inherent in the combined business that benefit our customers as we strive to meet their needs and grow together. As part of the integration process for Keystone, a few weeks ago we announced several organizational changes. This refinement of our team will help us make the most of our biggest growth opportunities which are value added foods in the international markets. I am glad to have everyone on board and the team is eager and motivated to deliver results. I'd also like mention that Fortune magazine recently included us on the list of the world's most admired companies, ranking Tyson Foods number one in the food production category for the third straight year. The rankings are based on key attributes that are important to us as we execute our strategy to grow our business through differentiated capabilities that deliver ongoing financial discipline through continuous improvement and to sustain our company and the world for future generations. I am committed to our strategy and our team members are committed to deliver results based on the strategy. Moving to our segment performance in the first quarter. In short, strong organic growth in prepared foods and strong beef fundamentals led the performance while pork and chicken performed well given market conditions. The dynamics across the different businesses highlight the advantage of Tyson's diversified business model, but they work together to provide balance and opportunity for long-term growth. In the Prepared Food segment, it was a record first quarter with $268 million in operating income and a 12.5% return on sale, building on the momentum of the record year in 2018. With quarter performance of Prepared Foods is obscured by divestitures of several non-core businesses last year. When those are excluded Prepared Foods delivered over 3% revenue growth and double digit profit growth in the first quarter and modest volume increases. This demonstrate the effectiveness of branded value added multi-channel Prepared Foods model. Looking back to Prepared Foods, we've grown the business from $4 billion in sales but basically 1% return in 2014. The business that is in fiscal 2019 is projected to produce over $8 billion in sales and 11% to 12% return and approximately $1 billion in operating income. We've grown this business organically and through M&A and operational improvement. And we are building on our strong portfolio brand. This is best evidenced by the performance of JimmyDean, a $1 billion brand with strong historical growth and high market share. We've increased our brand investment and partnered with strategic customers to drive growth. As a result, in the latest 52 week period JimmyDean frozen protein breakfast volume was up 7% and sales dollars were up nearly 8%. While we continue investing in our traditional meat protein businesses, we are also committed to incremental growth in alternative protein. We are combining our creativity, our scale and our resources to make great taste in protein alternatives that more accessible for everyone both domestically and internationally. We will be leveraging all the resources we have at our disposal. Our insights, our innovation, manufacturing, sales, distribution and a global platform. And in the weeks ahead, you'll be hearing more from us as we announce new products in the alternative protein space. We've also invested in our operations network. We've completed the turnaround of our pepperoni business and is fully contributing to Prepared Foods growth and possibly impacting our food service business. With capacity utilization percentages in the high 90s and margins strengthening in Q1, we expect the improvement in the pepperoni business to carry us through the balance of the year. We will build on the momentum of the profitable growth for prepared foods, and we are increasing our projection for operating margins to be 11% to 12% range in fiscal 2019. Rising input cost for pork bellies, beef and pork trim and turkey breast are expected to present year-over-year cost increases. But we designed this business to manage headwinds and I am confident in our prospects. We've a great team and the right plan for Prepared Foods to continue driving earnings growth and stability for the enterprise. In the Beef segment, our largest segment by revenue, we produced operating income of $305 million with the 7.8% margin. Average price was up 1.9% compared to the first quarter last year as both exports and domestic demand remain strong. Volumes were down slightly due to typical occasional winter weather disruptions, which have continued in the second quarter. Demand for beef remains strong globally. With visibility in the cattle supplies for 2021, there appeared to be a plenty of cattle available for the next few years. And there are ample cattle supplies projected for the regions where we operate. This gives us confidence in our expectation on operating margin near 7% for the year which is somewhat higher than our previous guidance. The prolong period of strong global beef demand combined with relatively constant global supplies, experts they analyze and quantify the apparent structural shifts in the beef industry. This is an addition to the margin expansion we have created through value-added and premium programs. We intend to understand the dynamics of these two factors to better predict the enhanced margin structure that our beef business could generate in the coming years. Moving onto the Pork segment, operating income was $95 million with an 8.1% margin. Average price was down 4.6% versus Q1 last year, associated with lower livestock costs. Volume was down 3.6% as we remain focused on margin management. We are working to enhance revenue per head through premium programs as well as growing our export business. With hog supplies expected to increase at least 2% for the fiscal year, we are maintaining our guidance for a margin of around 6% for the year. Meanwhile, across the Company, we are benefiting from record high retention or keeping team members safer than ever, as a result of proactive measures to promote a culture of safety and carrying in our plants. Work schedules are changing and provide a more [Indiscernible] 0:11:09.3 work life balance, which not only results in improved attendance but also makes our operations more efficient. This practice has made Tyson the employer of choice in a number of labor markets and has improved our performance relative to industry benchmarks. Turning to the Chicken segment, operating income was $173 million with a 5.6% margin. Volume was up 17% and average price was down 13.1%, mostly due to incremental volume from acquisitions. As a reminder, we acquired American Proteins last year, which is a rendering business and added considerable volumes that impacted pricing within the segment. However, we did face some pricing pressure in some categories, along with cost pressures from tight labor markets in some locations and more expensive feed ingredients. Unfortunately these pressures are offsetting the benefits from acquisitions and new product innovation. For the year, we expect the operating margin for our Chicken segment to exceed 6%. This is lower than we anticipated in November. But I want to be clear, our Chicken business is fundamentally strong, with a highly value added product mix, it's diversified across bird sizes and sales channels. Our Chicken business is well positioned and our continuous improvement efforts and efficiencies, product mix and cost will keep us well positioned. And while there has been pressure on tray pack pricing, our business model is sound and our operations are solid. Despite the pressure in tray pack, I'd like to point to a new piece of that business is doing exceptionally well and that's Smart Chicken brand we acquired last year. Distribution is growing and demand remains strong for this higher margin product. And one final point I'd like to make on our operations, we are expecting a substantial improvement to our legacy international business, which is reported in other. As a result of adjusting our business model and increasing sales of value added products, we're expecting the legacy business to be breakeven by fiscal year-end on a run rate basis, before the positive impact from Keystone's international operations. South Korea is a great example of the shifting dynamics. Our business with them is up nearly 50% year-over-year and now totals nearly $600 million per year. This is an example of what a competitive trade agreement can do for both parties. This concludes my commentary on the business segments, now Stewart, if you take us through the financials.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Noel, and good morning everyone. First quarter EPS of $1.58 was down 13% compared to the record Q1 in 2018. Revenues were roughly flat at just over $10 billion. Volume was up 3.3% and average price was down 3.7% as acquisitions and divestitures affected sales volume and changes in product mix affected pricing. Operating income was $841 million, down 11%. Total company return on sales was 8.3% in the first quarter. So overall, it was a good quarter, but we were up against last year's strong comparisons. The Keystone acquisition performed as expected for the one month we owned it in Q1 and it was right at breakeven on a cash accretion basis. Operating cash flows were $868 million and our ability to generate large amounts of cash gives us the flexibility to make opportunistic choices. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares for $83 million. We also directed $318 million toward capital expenditures, as we continue to invest in growth and efficiency projects with expected returns greater than the cost of capital. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 22.7%, net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.8 times, including cash of $400 million, net debt was $11.6 billion and total liquidity was $1.4 billion at the end of Q1. Net interest expense was $97 million. Weighted average shares outstanding in Q1 were approximately $366 million. Looking at the remainder of the fiscal year, we will maintain our capital allocation priorities to drive shareholder value and to grow the business. We'll be paying down debt from the Keystone acquisition and deploying cash to grow organically. Now that we've announced the agreement to purchase BRF Thai and European operations, we're ready to go to the bond market to secure permanent funding for both the BRF and the Keystone deals. Interest rates have been more favorable since year-end. We feel confident in the quality of these assets and we're happy with the purchase price of a little less than 10 tons. And finally, I'll give an update to our outlook for 2019, which includes Keystone, but doesn't yet include the BRF operations. In fiscal 2019, we expect sales to grow approximately $43 billion with the addition of Keystone. Keystone is expected to be accretive on a cash basis and breakeven on a pretax basis for the year. The additional amortization for Keystone will be about $26 million for the 10 months of fiscal 2019 and approximately $35 million per year in fiscal 2020 and beyond. CapEx should be about $1.5 billion in fiscal 2019. However, our planned spending for 2020 is expected to decline to the $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion range. Although we're are scaling back on CapEx, it will remain higher than depreciation. Net interest expense should approximate $450 million. Liquidity is expected to remain in line with our $1 billion minimum target. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 23.5% for the year. And we are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $5.75 to $6.10 per share as we grow our business, drive out costs and create shareholder value. Now we'll return to Noel for additional commentary. Noel?
Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. In summary, we remain focused on stabilizing volatility and growing earnings in Prepared Foods, as well as our value-added and the international businesses. We are facing several challenges this year, we do every year. And we have successfully managed them while continuing to thrive and grow the company. We're also aware of circumstances that could provide upward potential and we will maximize those opportunities. For the long term, our growth prospects are intact. Our Chicken Prepared Foods and Fresh Meat businesses, are now each earning approximately $1 billion a year. We have the mindset of continuous improvement and continuous innovation. We have a strategy focused on protein, whether that's animal protein or plant protein. We have the products and the brands, consumers demand. We have plenty to be excited about, as we continue to grow this Company Our fiscal second quarter is typically our most challenging. The pork and chicken environment is very different than a year ago and we won't have the earnings benefit from the divested businesses. So we have a tougher comparison versus Q2 of last year, though we haven't encountered anything unexpected so far in the quarter. We're looking forward to a strong second half of the year, and we're confident in our ability to deliver on occasions of $5.75 to $6.10 per share. And finally, Stewart and I regret that we won't be at the CAGNY Conference, we apologize for canceling on late notice, but we will be handling the BRF Thailand-European acquisition and the upcoming bond offering. That concludes our prepared remarks and we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. White. The first question will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So maybe first, I was hoping I could dig in a little bit on the updated guidance in the Chicken segment. You've changed the margin outlook by, something on the order of 150 basis points to 175 basis points from kind of near 8 to above 6. And I'm trying to just understand how much of that is the increments of Keystone layering into the business versus a change in the outlook for the legacy or existing business that you were guiding to in November? And so far, as the legacy business guidance change, can you help us understand what has changed from a pricing cost perspective that has caused you to remain in the forecast?
Noel White: Yes, sure, Adam. The change was in fact to almost entirely to our legacy business. In the November call, there is a lot of pricing that was not complete, particularly on the tray pack side. That business is largely complete and that is by far the best reason that we've revised the guidance for the corporate segment. So Keystone had little to no effect on the change.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that's very helpful. And just maybe then digging in on the tray pack pricing, is it purely tray pack pricing? I think on the prepared, for the process pricing and maybe just a little bit more color around the tray pack pricing environment that led to a more tempered outlook?
Noel White: Yes, sure. It is the tray pack pricing, Adam. So within the businesses that we operate, whether it's our value-add businesses or small bird business or big bird business, pricing outside of tray pack was almost exactly as we expected. There was some pressure on the tray pack pricing, that was greater than what we expected, and that is what has led to the revision in expectation.
Operator: And the next question will be from Jeremy Scott of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Hey, good morning. When you stack up all the acquisitions you've made in the Chicken industry in the last 12 months or so. Can you give us a sense of what's a reasonable synergy capture, as you start to roll these businesses and when can we expect to see that in the coming years?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, Stewart here. I'll pick that up. I think really, we've sort of announced that acquisition by acquisition, as you know, in Keystone, we announced $50 million worth of expected synergies, that's been our biggest acquisition. We're off to a strong start there, and I can say that we feel confident about delivering those synergies. So to get through each of the following acquisitions, we're happy to talk about those. Specifically on BRF, that's both Chicken and International. Synergies will be smaller there because of the size of the business, but we think that's a great opportunity for our Company.
Jeremy Scott: Great. And just wondering if you could maybe assess the impact of African swine fever on each component of your business. Obviously there is some puts and takes that you might see if things are to get really bad, maybe just give some color there?
Noel White: Yes, sure, Jeremy. The African swine fever, I mean, the different analysts have different outlooks, as to how it could potentially impact your business. I think the general consensus would be that - it's probably a little worse than what's reported. And that would certainly provide upward potential. We do not have built into our forecast effects from African swine fever. But if we do see, particularly the Chinese back in the market, there could be sizable upside benefit to our pork business. But aside from that, with that increase in exports, we consider the domestic disappearance of protein in total. So if there is more import, it's exported, it also helps both our Beef and our Poultry business as well.
Operator: The next question will be from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Hi, thank you. I had a question about all the international activity that's going on here, in terms of acquisitions, and then Donnie King coming back to the business. It's just in my experience that the Tyson has never done a particularly good job of leveraging its domestic experience to buy and operate international businesses. There is been some false starts along the way. And now you've made two acquisitions in the past 12 months and Donnie is going to be running international. Can you explain why Donnie wanted to come back to run that business segment? How his expertise carries over from domestic to international markets? And I guess, why the change in strategy, what - why now in terms of all this international growth?
Noel White: Yes, sure. So Rob, first of all, we are extremely happy to have Donnie back with us. He's been a talented performer for us in many different parts of our Company. We are always looking to deepen our bench and that's exactly what Donnie brings, is a much deeper bench. Doug Ramsey, who is running our poultry business, now running our McDonald's business, did a great job and that is a growing segment for us. So we look forward to Doug's contributions in the McDonald's. And then we have Chad Martin, who just recently relocated from our Beef business, did a great job in managing our Beef business as well as Poultry. So we have three extremely strong individuals in running those businesses. On the International side, Rob, you mentioned that we may not have done a great job historically. That's not to say that we cannot do a great job moving forward. In the last quarterly report, I mentioned that 90% of the growth in protein demand is going to occur outside the United States. That is the reason we are establishing a presence in those markets. So we have all the companies in the world that we can deliver the expected results both domestically, as well as internationally.
Rob Moskow: And maybe you could help me, the Brazil Foods assets that you are buying, what's the synergy between those assets and the Keystone Asian export assets or just the Asian assets in general?
Noel White: A couple of things, Rob. We talked about the European business that gives us not only a manufacturing base in Europe, but also sales, distribution and licensing platform to bring product from Southeast Asia, Thailand in particular to Europe. The facilities are also complementary, the Keystone assets that we owned in addition to four facilities that come with BRF. They are also complementary to each other. And let me go back, Rob, and make one other point. In your question you asked about a change in strategies. There has been no change in strategy. In the last call I said that the strategy that was in place was based on value added products and international. And that's exactly what we are executing is what I told you in November.
Operator: And the next question will be from Heather Jones of The Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Quick question on your domestic chicken business. So you mentioned that tray pack pricing came in, the contracting came in lower than expected. I was wondering when would those contracts be renewed and given that contracting, how much exposure do you have in your domestic chicken business to benefit if pricing does come in better than expected for 2019? The markets rallied, you mentioned the potential positive impact ASF could have on domestic protein availability. So how are you positioned to benefit now if pricing does improve as we move through 2019?
Noel White: Sure, Heather. Tray pack pricing, there is not one common date that pricing becomes effective for all customers. It's over roughly a six months period of time that would start away from late fall and winter through spring. Each customer pricing begins to have an effect at a different time. As far as the strengthening in pricing, we have in fact seen some strength in pricing over the course of the last 30 days or so. We were at historic lows in the month of December; we've seen some strengthening since then. So that is in fact a benefit to us. We have put some volume back around us, that I talked about in November that needs to be done. So our sales organization has done a very nice job in putting that volume back around us, which does help us in our buy-versus-growth strategies. So that's been helpful. And then on the pricing side, with what we are in the market buying, we are back in the markets, looking to buy product as well. Demand through the month of January was extraordinarily strong due to what we believe a number of factors where that continues into February is yet to be seen, but demand in total was very strong.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you. My follow-up is on, just thinking about your Chicken business, so you've done two international acquisitions. Just when you're looking at that business holistically on a global basis, do you believe there are any deficiencies in the domestic platform that need to be sold in or is your focus solely on building out the international piece of that business?
Noel White: No. Heather, we'll always look to stabilize our earnings within poultry itself. So if opportunities become available, we will certainly look at them, but the primary focus is not either poultry or international, it's value-added foods into a lesser degree international. We've made, obviously, most recently a number of acquisitions on the international side on poultry-based, but primary focus is going to be in value-added foods in growing that sector. So we will be opportunistic in looking for those opportunities, but it's focused on prepared and to a lesser degree on the international side.
Operator: And the next question will be from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes, hi. I know you guys had mentioned last quarter that you weren't going to specifically call out the Financial Fitness savings, but are you guys still overall on track and is the $200 million per year still the right run rate to use?
Noel White: The short answer will be yes, Michael. That we don't have the depth and detail of the tracking. Stewart mentioned on the last call that, we do follow, but not in significant detail like we were doing before. But yes, all the initiatives, all the efforts, all the tracking is still there, and we are in fact delivering.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, just a couple of things to add, Michael. Basically, what we did is we took all those run rates and we bake them into our budgets this year. So we know that the teams are still accountable to deliver the results. We're making sure that at the bottom line they're showing up, and of course they're tracking the projects to make sure that they're delivering the savings.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And then my follow-up is, if you could talk a little bit about kind of the margin stability of Keystone, and some of your recent acquisitions, in rendering and even BRF. Are these going to be a little bit more margin stable and more volatile relative to the rest of your Chicken portfolio? Thanks.
Stewart Glendinning: Okay. Yes, Michael, the margins would be more stable than other parts of our poultry business, just by the types of businesses, whether it's domestic or international with Keystone. We have a number of large customers that we work very closely with them and we won't see the highs, we won't see the lows. So in general, I would say, the margin structure is much more stable. And the same thing would be true with some of the other acquisitions that we've made, such as API or rendering business are relatively stable margins. And then in my prepared remarks, I talked about Smart Chicken, which is also more stable in their earnings profile as well.
Operator: The next question will be from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes. Hi, good morning and thank you very much for that. So just to understand quickly on the segment reporting. So is it right to assume that Keystone is going to be fully, basically reflected within the Chicken segment? But it did not impact the level of profitability, the downward revision. Just to confirm that.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So two things. First of all Keystone is split, the US portion you will find in Chicken, the international portion will be baked into other, along with our existing international operations. What we said in the guidance is that, for the year, we expected the profit would be about flat, after adjusting for some of the integration expenses.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, thanks for that. And then on the financing needs, you mentioned you're going to go out now with two acquisitions done, Keystone, Brazil Foods to do a proper bond market financing. So you've said something about the $100 million and then obviously you have some maturities this year, they're going to be paid down, you're going to refinance them within the bond. Just to get a little bit of a sense what your outlook on debt capital markets, what we should assume for that in terms of what - that's going to be raised and how interest expense is going to look out into next year then.
Stewart Glendinning: You got it, okay. Well, couple of things. So first of all, of course, as you'll notice from the past years, we have been focused on ensuring we get the right deleverage and that you will see that continue. In terms of the upcoming financing, we wanted to get through this BRF deal, so we could go to the market on a clean way to raise funds, both for Keystone and for a BRF at the same time. So you should think about amounts that sort of approximate that as we go to market. We do have some tranches coming to maturity later this year, and we haven't taken a specific choice on how we will refinance those, but you can expect that they will be refinanced and not all paid-off.
Operator: And the next question will be from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. Coming back to the BRF deal. Can you characterize that in terms of what proportion of that is more value-added products versus how much of it is more commodity poultry operations. And given that, what's that likely to do to the margin structure of the Chicken segment. Thank you, and I'll pass it along.
Noel White: Yes. Sure, Alexia. The mix of the BRF business is almost entirely all value-added, very little raw commodity type products. So, almost all of that is value-added product.
Stewart Glendinning: And in terms of the impact on Chicken overall, remember this actually will sit in the international segment. So it won't affect Chicken at all relative to, yes relative to International, it will be a nice add to that business and will help drive both synergy growth internationally along with growing profitability. You refer to Noel's remarks in which he talk to our existing business in which that business is profitable is improving, you layer on Keystone, and then you layer on top, this acquisition, we start to have a good looking international business.
Operator: The next question will be from Rebecca Scheuneman of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So I was wondering if you could share what the organic volume and price dynamic look like within the Chicken segment?
Stewart Glendinning: Rebecca, we will need to get back with you, and the reason that I hesitate is because we made an acquisition with API, which has sizable volume impact, which also affects the overall pricing, I noted. So I think what you're looking for some specifics of the businesses outside some of these other areas of required. I suggest, yes, Jon Kathol can follow-up with you and give you more detail on that.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay, that would be great. And then my follow-up would be just on the margin impact. On the API business as well, I assume that, although I know it's more stable that it would also be a lower margin business and that would be another hurdle for that segment to overcome in 2019?
Noel White: No, not necessarily, Rebecca. We do have some, you know a bit of depreciation - we will be paying for a while. But now it is - it is not dilutive to their return on sales. The rendering businesses has been good for us. API was a very good company and now it should not be expected to be dilutive to their return on sales.
Stewart Glendinning: Particularly once we consider the synergies that are going to be coming from that business.
Operator: The next question will be from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. Just one quick one. I know in your opening remarks you said that there you look to optimize some of the opportunities that might come your way and create upside. I think that's --I didn't write it down perfectly clearly, but I think that was the implication. What opportunities were you looking or thinking about that would create more upside or that you would be able to capitalize on? I don't remember the exact wording but that would seem like the implication.
Noel White: Yes, I think, Ken there is a couple of them. One would be, and the question was asked earlier about African swine fever and/or other trade opportunities, I would say that from a trade standpoint in the last couple of years it's been difficult, whether it's with Canada, or with Mexico or current disadvantages that we have with Japan, within Asia. So I would say anything that is beneficial on the trade side could provide substantial upside. Our exports continue to grow year-over-year, but they can grow a lot more than that. So it's those specific areas that will enhance global disappearance that can provide upside to us. At this point, we're not building anything in, on the grain side, it's our assumptions, we use a forward grain curve of what the futures market look like. So that can be an advantage, it can be a disadvantage. But right now we're not assuming any benefit at all.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then might my second question is, can you talk about your resource allocation to integrate for acquisitions? That is usually not a recipe, an easy recipe, so can you talk about how your resources are allocating to ensure that you have these four acquisitions, that are going to be integrated without any execution issues? And does this leave any opportunity to do further acquisitions that we kind of like - let me digest this, and how do you think about that?
Noel White: Right. Ken, we put together a very strong Integration Management Office that we have fully dedicated resources and everything is following the plan. So we fortunately have some experience now behind us in doing it well. The team that we have in place is delivering exactly what we expected to deliver both from an integration standpoint, synergy standpoint. So there is been no surprises. As far as continuing to make acquisitions, as I mentioned, we do look for going to the bond market, we will be very disciplined in what we would take a look at. Next, it would have to deliver a strong financial return, being a geographic area that might be attractive. But we are fully committed to integrating what we have bought, there are financing in place and then take a very structured, disciplined approach on anything else we might consider.
Kenneth Zaslow: I appreciate it.
Stewart Glendinning: So one other thing, Ken is that, when you look at the kind of acquisitions that we've done, there is a strong overlap with the kind of business that those companies are performing and our existing business and that frankly just acquisition a lot - integration a lot easier.
Operator: And the next question will be from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Thanks for the question. So first question just on Chicken, stick a step back as you assess the business in its current form. How would you say investors should think about the linkage between your margins and the commodity margins that everyone looks at, right? I know in the past there was some talk about like, okay we will do 600 basis points, 700 basis points better than the market et cetera, but what's a good way for us? There is so many moving parts, it's very complicated but how would you say we should think about the business? Because you started at 10% margins a year ago and now we're guiding to 6%, so there is clearly a step down. Trying to understand how much of that is, just the market being really, really weak versus your operations? So help us understand that. And do you think maybe that relationship is going to get better over the next 3 to 5 years?
Noel White: Yes, I'd talk about the way that I think about, Akshay, and it's been several years since we've talked about, the spread that you referred to in your question. And what we said at that point in time is that we were not going to hit the high of the highs when the markets are very strong, very high. And we're not going to be at the low of the lows, when the markets are down, around breakeven. And the numbers are very close to what you just described. I think what we said is that we - our expected spread was between 500 and 600 - closer to 500 basis points when markets were down or around breakeven. And when a couple of years ago the markets were very strong and there were commodity companies that we were generating a 15 plus percent return. At that point in time we were generating around a 12% return. So we weren't hitting the highs and we are not hitting the lows. So the fact that we're around six right now and from what we can tell, many others in the industry and in the commodity space were around breakeven. It's very close to that historical spread that you describe. So it's not much different than the expectation I think the Stewart has a comment. I think before we go on I think that this is the part of the store that's being missed is what the performance of Prepared Foods has been. They had a record 2018. They had a record first quarter. You go back four years ago it was $4 billion business at about a 1% return. Today it's an $8 billion business that's generating a $1 billion right. So I understand all the questions on poultry. However, the stories that you should be taking away from this is the remarkable performance of what our Prepared Foods Group has done.
Akshay Jagdale: And just if I can follow up you know the opportunity is there an opportunity to make the chicken business more like the Prepared Foods business long time and how are you addressing that.
Noel White: I'd say that that's what we do every day, Akshay, is to try and increase margin increase the mix stabilizes those earnings so that that is a process. I wouldn't tell you that that's something that you should expect to see over the course of the next 12 to 24 months but that is what we do every single day is to try and grow the earnings within our poultry business as well as provide more stability within that business as well.
Operator: And the next question will be a follow up from Heather Jones of the vertical group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Thanks for taking the follow up. Noel you mentioned that it looks as if ASF could be a little worse than and I don't know what you're referencing but you mentioned a little worse. We've things we've read and people we've spoken to with feet on the ground and all the numbers are now moving closer to 15% to 20% other hurt with that no shock you or do you think that could be close to reality.
Noel White: Heather, to be honest with you, I can't answer that. And even within the analyst group within two days I saw two different reports. It said is this worse than what's expected on the other hand it's not as bad as what's been reported. So I think, Heather, re-speculation on my behalf to say it's either better or worse. And I'm just, I'm not comfortable speculating exactly what the situation might be.
Operator: And the next question will be a follow-up from Benjamin Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes. Thank you very much for giving the opportunity just on Brazil Foods just quickly following up with. I remember right, in your prepared remarks, you said something like the transaction price something like a little under 10x. So does that mean you assume something like whatever $30 million, $40 million of EBITDA because just checking to the results of the company used to report in the assets. It looks more like $50 million to $60 million. So just to understand what's the base of your assumption is that normalized EBITDA, is that something that is a trailing EBITDA, just to understand what we're number came from.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, you've actually hit the nail on the head. It is a normalized EBITDA. If we use the trailing number, the multiple would look much, much lower, but that would include periods before the ban on shipments from Brazil. So we normalized the number. I'll tell you that we feel really good about the price that we paid, we feel great about the overlap with our operations in Thailand and our ability to drive Foods that our value-added this goes right along with the comments that Noel has already made around Prepared Foods as companies looking at taking the margins up and this is, this is not only part of an international strategy but also part of that value-added approach.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. So, if I may, just on that, so Brazil foods used to run the European operations per shipments from Thailand to Europe, but also from Brazil into Europe and then basically for processing and selling and using the distribution network, they had in Europe. So now, you obviously have the footprint in Asia, acquired through the Brazil Foods transaction, you have the Keystone assets prior to that is pure way of thinking order certain of your plants from the US. That could also kind of feed into the European distribution networks which is using what you can potentially export from US into Europe or is that not an option.
Noel White: It's at this point, it's not an option. There is very little if no poultry being exported from the United States to Europe. At some point in time, could that be case certainly. What we were looking for is not only the manufacturing capabilities within Europe. But the ability for us to ship from other low-cost supply regions globally into that market. This provides both from a manufacturing standpoint, as well as the sales and distribution standpoint. Any opportunities that we see would simply be additive to that which could at some point, the United States, but that's not currently the case.
Operator: And the final question today will be a follow-up from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Thanks, I appreciate the follow up. I'm just a clarification on M&A and make sure I understanding, kind of, the messaging, you are going to the bond market to finance Keystone Brazil Foods. Can you talk about what you view as your incremental kind of acquisition capacity or dry powder after these acquisitions are completed? And is this signal that you're going to the bond market that you're not actively pursuing additional M&A right now. I just to make sure I understanding, kind of how that ties together.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I mean I'd say that the first of all, we never comment on any prospective acquisitions as you know, but clearly we want to go through the bond market in a clean way for our investors.
Adam Samuelson: And just as you look at the dry powder that you would think you have after the pending bond. How much capacity do you think you could take on?
Stewart Glendinning: Look, I don't want to pin down to a specific number, because it's going to be the little dependent on rating agencies. The kind of acquisition, et cetera, but it would be measured in the several billions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Noel White for his closing comments.
Noel White: Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in Tyson Foods. I know there's a lot of team members who are also listening. And I would like to thank each of you for you do every day to make our company successful. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - VP, IR & Assistant Secretary Noel White - President, CEO & Director Stewart Glendinning - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Benjamin Theurer - Barclays Bank Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Jacob Nivasch - Crédit Suisse Lubi Kutua - Jefferies Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. On today's call are Noel White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stewart Glendinning, Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a supplemental report in the Resource Center of the Tyson Investor website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Tuesday, November 13, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on our website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income and operating margin in today's remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning's press release.  I'll now turn the call over to Noel White.
Noel White: Thanks, Jon. Good morning. It's my pleasure to join you today on my first earnings call as CEO of Tyson Foods. I'm honored to be in this role, and I'm energized by the many opportunities ahead for this great company. I'd like to begin by acknowledging Tom Hayes. We wish him well and thank him for his leadership in refining our strategy and putting it into action. I'm committed to Tyson Foods' strategy to sustainably feed the world with the fastest-growing protein brands.  As a member of the leadership team that developed this strategy, I know it's our foundation for continued growth. After 35 years with Tyson, I've been a part of the evolution from a commodity protein producer to a global food company, and we will continue on this trajectory. I have a track record of delivering results in multiple segments of our company, and my focus is to grow our Prepared Foods, our value-added chicken and International businesses to help stabilize volatility and grow earnings. We have a great team, both at the executive level and throughout the company. This team is empowered to accelerate growth and deliver results while maintaining our commitment to sustainability. Our algorithm for growth continues to be 3% value-added sales growth and high single-digit EPS growth annually over time. Our 2018 value-added growth of 4.2% exceeded our goal. EPS was $6.16, an increase of 16% over last year, including $0.78 from tax reform. We exceeded our revised guidance due to strong finish in the fourth quarter in the Beef and Pork segments. We faced several hurdles in fiscal 2018, including freight costs, trade disputes, market volatility, pricing pressures and demand shifts. It's worth noting that despite trade disruptions, U.S. beef and pork volumes were up 12% and 7%, respectively, versus last year as global demand for U.S. protein remained strong. In 2018, Tyson's overall return on sales was 8.2% as we drove results with our strong team, differentiated portfolio and diversified business model.  Our Beef and Prepared Foods segments performed very well, both on an operating income and return on sales metrics. We integrated AdvancePierre Foods while acquiring Original Philly; Tecumseh Poultry; and Smart Chicken brand; American Proteins, which is a rendering and blending business; and pending regulatory approval, Keystone foods. With protein at the center of our strategy, we divested several nonprotein businesses, including Sara Lee Bakery, Kettle, Van’s and TNT Crust. Safety is one of our key metrics, and we reduced OSHA recordable incidents by 20% this year. We see a direct link between safety and our low turnover rates. And given the tight labor markets we're in, it's important to be the employer of choice in our plant communities as we focus on continuous improvement in safety and productivity. We achieved $253 million in Financial Fitness savings in 2018 versus a goal of $200 million. Going forward, Financial Fitness savings will be included in our base earnings and return on sales guidance rather than reported separately. We'll continue to track savings internally, but we've decided to eliminate the expense and considerable staff time required to report audited figures. This decision aligns with our commitment to control costs while allowing us to focus on delivering growth. 2018 was a challenging but productive year as we executed our strategy and built on the solid foundation of our diversified model and growth strategy. And now I'll give you some details about our execution at the segment level. The Beef segment generated record operating income of $348 million and an 8.9% operating margin in the fourth quarter. Compared to Q4 of last year, sales volumes increased 3.4%, while average price decreased less than 1%. For the fiscal year, Beef produced just over $1 billion in operating income, also a record, with a 6.7% margin. Volume was up 3.1%, while average price was up 1.2% for the year. Beef results were stronger than expected, driven by good cattle supplies, strong domestic demand and increased global demand. In addition, we have improved our performance relative to USDA benchmarks.  Our goal is to grow value-added beef through Case Ready and premium programs to help de-commoditize more of our business and reduce some of the volatility. With cattle supplies looking good next year and into 2021, we expect the Beef segment to produce an operating margin above 6% again in fiscal 2019. In the Pork segment, for the fourth quarter, we generated operating income of $76 million with a 6.7% margin. Revenue was down due to a 2.7% decline in volume and 14.5% lower average sales price. For the year, operating income was $374 million with a 7.7% margin. Revenue was down as volumes declined 2.1% with price down 4.8%. The supply-demand imbalance of hogs that we spoke of last quarter continued the first several weeks of our fourth quarter but improved with the seasonal increase in hog supplies. And according to publicly available data, we clearly outperformed the industry on a revenue-per-head basis. As with Beef, we're growing -- we're working to grow our value-added Pork business through Case Ready and premium programs. We'll continue moving more of our pork into Prepared Foods to reduce volatility, which is a key advantage of our diversified business model. As we look to fiscal 2019, we expect the operating for Pork segment to be around 6%. The Chicken segment generated operating income of $182 million in the fourth quarter and a 5.8% operating margin. Sales volume was up 10.4%, driven by acquisitions, while average price decreased 7%, resulting from the changing product mix from acquisitions, increased domestic protein supplies and lower export prices. For the year, the Chicken segment's operating income was $947 million with a 7.9% margin. Volume was up nearly 5%, again mostly due to acquisitions, while the average price was roughly flat for the year. With a product mix that's diversified across sales channels and bird sizes and more value-added than our competitive set, our Chicken business is well positioned for the difficult pricing environment has continued into fiscal 2019. We'll continue working to improve our mix and our cost structure, which are the focus of many of our capital projects. In fiscal 2019, as we integrate several businesses, we expect an operating margin near 8% in the Chicken segment. Our outlook doesn't include the Keystone acquisition, which should close sooner than originally expected.  Our Prepared Foods segment continues to perform well and, in the fourth quarter, produced a record $235 million in operating income with an 11.2% margin. Average sale of price was relatively flat, while revenue and volume decreased following the sale of noncore businesses. For the year, operating income was $979 million with an 11.3% margin. Volume was up 4.1% due to acquisitions, net of divestitures, with average price up 6.1%. We're excited about the performance of our Prepared Foods businesses as innovation continues to deliver sales growth. Jimmy Dean Simple Scrambles, for example, is maintaining its strong performance in its second year with consumer repeat purchases that are best-in-class. Hillshire Snacking delivered a 32% increase in sales dollars. We have a very strong pipeline of Prepared Foods innovation planned for 2019, and I encourage you to take a look at our slide presentation to see some of those new products.  As we continue to grow volume through our base business, in addition to innovation, we expect Prepared Foods operating margin to exceed 11% again in fiscal 2019.  I'll now ask Stewart to take us through the financials.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Noel, and good morning, everyone. Fourth quarter EPS of $1.58, which includes a $0.20 tax reform benefit, was up 10% compared to Q4 last year. Revenues in the quarter were down slightly to just under $10 billion as average price was impacted by trade disputes and increased protein supplies. Sales volumes were up 2.7%, driven by acquisitions. Operating income was $831 million, down about 8% versus Q4 last year. And total company return on sales was 8.3% for the quarter.  For the fiscal year, earnings were $6.16, up 16%, including $0.78 from tax reform. Sales were $40 billion with volumes up 2.5% and price up 2.1%, while operating income was approximately $3.3 billion with an operating margin of 8.2%. Operating cash flows for the year were just under $3 billion, up approximately 14% over last year. Capital expenditures were $1.2 billion as we invested in growth and efficiency projects with expected returns greater than our cost of capital. Depreciation and amortization were $943 million in fiscal 2018.  We repurchased approximately 5.9 million shares for $427 million in 2018. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 23.5% and 23.6% for the year. Net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was 2.3x. Including cash of $270 million, net debt was $9.6 billion, and total liquidity was $1.4 billion as of year-end. Net interest expense was $86 million in the fourth quarter and $343 million for the full year. We received around $275 million of incremental cash flow in fiscal '18 as a result of tax reform.  Now turning to fiscal 2019. Our capital allocation priorities will continue to focus on driving shareholder value and growing the business. We are committed to our investment-grade credit rating and will work to pay down debt as we deploy cash to grow our business organically and through acquisitions. We'll continue to return cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividend growth. In fact, the Board of Directors has increased the quarterly dividend payable on December 14 to $0.375 per share on our Class A common stock. We anticipate the annual dividend rate in fiscal 2019 will be $1.50 for Class A shareholders, a 25% increase over 2018.  In fiscal '19, we expect top line sales of approximately $41 billion, an increase of about $1 billion over 2018. Cash generation should remain very strong. We're planning approximately $1.5 billion of capital expenditures in fiscal '19 with spending focused on growing our business. We expect these investments to deliver substantially more than the cost of capital. Net interest expense should approximate $350 million in fiscal '19 before any impacts from financing the Keystone acquisition. As Noel mentioned, closing of the Keystone acquisition is likely to be sooner than previously expected. We are confident in our ability to finance the transaction, and we'll be ready to focus on integrating the business. We expect liquidity to remain above our minimum target of $1 billion in 2019.  Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 23.5% in fiscal 2019. Based on our average share price in Q4, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 367 million before any share repurchases. As Noel said in the news release this morning, based on current assumptions, we believe fiscal 2019 adjusted earnings will be $5.75 to $6.10 per share. That's comparable to fiscal 2018 results if you exclude the $0.13 in earnings per share generated by the businesses divested in 2018.  Now some of the assumptions we're making in our guidance are that there's no further movement in the grain markets, the chicken price deterioration and that we're able to continue recovering increased freight costs through pricing and that there are no extraordinary labor pressures. Although not in our current outlook, we also expect the Keystone acquisition will have financing and integration costs in 2019 as well as recognition of intangible assets, and therefore, we anticipate Keystone's accretion on an adjusted EPS basis to begin in fiscal 2021. However, we expect Keystone, as with our other recent acquisitions, to be immediately accretive on a cash basis. 2019 is going to be another great year focused on driving growth as we integrate businesses, carry out CapEx projects, drive cost savings and generate cash to create shareholder value.  That concludes my remarks. Now back to Noel.
Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. 2018 was challenging, but it was a good year. Looking at publicly available data, we're outperforming the competition in all segments. We made three acquisitions and completed four divestitures to better position us for long-term growth. We're actively integrating the new businesses, and we're ready to hit the ground running with Keystone. We're excited about the platform for global growth that Keystone will provide in addition to its strong domestic operations.  Based on current assumptions, our outlook for fiscal 2019 is comparable to 2018. We expect another good year but not without challenges. However, we remain confident in our ability to execute and deliver growth over time because of our diversified business model, our broad product portfolio, our strong innovation pipeline, our differentiated capabilities, our tremendous financial position and the expertise and experience of our team members. These are advantages and how we will generate growth, both organically and through acquisitions, both domestically and internationally.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Phil, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: Now one of the questions I was having and looking at your guidance 2019, would you describe the outlook as somewhat conservative? Because it -- basically, I mean, midpoint, adjusting for the one-timers and so on, it's like kind of calling for zero growth in earnings. So just to understand why you came up with somewhat a conservative guidance here, and then I have a follow-up.
Noel White: Yes, Ben. This is Noel. I'll take the question. The outlook is, as we see it today, Ben, so there's a lot of variables are in place, and it's really consistent with the past approach that we've taken based on everything as it stands today. If, however, that changes, our outlook could change. And at this point, it looks like some of the headwinds and tailwinds that we face are in relative balance. Again, profitability -- profitable growth is a key focus for this team as we look into 2019.
Stewart Glendinning: The only thing I'd add, Ben, is just to say if you looked at last year, of course, the first half of the year was better for Pork than the second half of the year, we're going to have to overcome that comparison as we enter the first part of the year. So I'd say, underscoring what Noel's emphasized here, this is the best estimate we have for the moment, okay?
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. And as you said, actually, Stewart, on Pork would be my follow-up question. So late July, early August, when you updated your guidance for 2018, the implications post and what we saw in Q3 was basically for a much worse environment on the Pork side. I mean, implicitly, it was basically guiding to a 0% margin in the fourth quarter. Now you actually reported an almost 7%. Could you elaborate a little bit on what had changed, actually, through the quarter than what you were expecting late July, early August, which triggered some sort of a meaningful reduction on that specific segment? So what has been better? And what do you think, how is this going to evolve into 2019 fiscal for you?
Noel White: Yes, Ben, this is Noel. I'll take the question. In July and August, there's a large number of variables have that were in the markets. We had a number of trade disputes that were taking place. We had some planned expansion in production capacities that didn't happen as quick as what we anticipated. And frankly, our exports continued to be very strong, very robust in light of all of the trade disputes that you're reading about. So that's, frankly, continued as not only through Q4 but into Q1 as well. October was a little bit lighter than what we expected, but November has been a solid month for us.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. So basically, actual was just -- it was -- it never got as bad as you initially expected?
Stewart Glendinning: I think when you look at the stats, Ben, you'd see, and to Noel's point, June and July the margin was really, really compressed. We had all of the trade noise. And it just wasn't clear to us what was going to happen. And if you look with the data after that, the spread got much, much wider, and we wanted to make sure we were in a place where we gave a range that we felt was a good estimate at that time.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones with The Vertical Group.
Heather Jones: So my first question is on Chicken. You guys mentioned that one of your key assumptions is that chicken price deterioration ends. So I don't know if the answer is linked to that, but just wondering, given where your margin came in for the -- for Q4, sub-6%, wondering what gives you confidence that you can get close to 8% in fiscal '19.
Noel White: Yes, Heather, this is Noel. I'll take the questions. A couple of things, Heather. As we came through 2018, there was a number of somewhat extraordinary events that we encountered. The freight increase that we talked about last quarter, at that point in time, we had not fully recovered the freight. We're still working on doing that. We recovered a large portion of it. That's work in process. We had some live production issues that, I think, that we spoke about as well as in the rest of the industry. We had a fire in one of our large complexes that we had to overcome. And frankly, we had some production-related issues that we had to address as well. We feel good about where we're at right now as we look into 2019. There are some headwinds, you've mentioned one of those, being pricing. Grain is better than what it was when we put our plan together. It's still higher than it was a year ago. But based on what we have for visibility right now, Heather, it looks like we should be someplace close to that 8% number.
Stewart Glendinning: The only other thing to add, Heather, is we'll have the benefit, of course, of a full year of API this year. And of course, to a lesser extent Tecumseh, but that's where we are from an estimate standpoint.
Heather Jones: And for my follow-up, I was just wondering if you could share with us your view of -- on African swine fever. Just wondering if you could give us a sense on what your view is right now of the severity of the break in China and the potential implications for Tyson, the entire business at Tyson.
Noel White: Yes, Heather. This is Noel again. I'd say that the effect at this point is unknown. It has the potential to be a significant event. As you're well aware, African swine fever has existed in parts of Eastern Europe for a number of years. The fact that it's now in China and appears to be fairly widespread has the potential to make a significant impact. We've not seen that at this point. So unless it would become much wider spread than what it is today or if it would move into other global markets, then it could have a significant impact.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Yes. Just wanted to touch a little bit on the Beef side. And you guys obviously had an extraordinary quarter. And just getting your outlook, normally, the first half of the year is seasonally weaker. But how sustainable are some of the improvement in margins? And then as a follow-up, how do you see the 2019 features playing out between Beef and Chicken? Seems like Beef got a lot last year. How does 2019 seem to be shaping up?
Noel White: Yes, Michael, this is Noel. I'll take the question. You know, as we look at 2019, 2020, even in 2021 we frankly we don't see a lot of change. The supply appears to be relatively stable. We have a good sense of what that looks like just due to the calf crop that gives us good visibility for at least a couple of years. We're not seeing liquidation at this point of the cowherd, which is an early indicator of what can affect us 3 or 4 years from now. It looks like it's plateaued, or at least stable. Beef demand through 2018 was strong, both domestically and in the export markets. U.S. industry exports were up 12% year-over-year. Ours exceeded the 12%. So global demand for beef continues to be very strong. So it is unusual the fact that volumes go up and pricing go up at the same time. We don't see anything at this point that is going to be any different in 2019.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe continuing on Chicken and going back to the pricing comment. Can you talk a little bit about your actual exposures to pricing changes from here in the business? You participate in so many segments, you have the Prepared for the processed chicken as well -- and the buy versus grow. So sometimes we struggle to -- where -- can you talk about the commodity price sensitivity in the Chicken segment and how you see it lining out through the next 12 months?
Noel White: Yes, Adam, it's difficult to give you a specific answer because we do have a great number of pricing scenarios with many different types of customers. And the pricing pressure that I spoke about is -- was not -- is not necessarily across the board on all products. As an example, in some of the different channels that we participate in, we don't see the pricing pressure. Same thing would be true in our value-added products. We're not seeing that type of pressure. However, in some segments of our business, there is pressure. I think others have spoken about that. We're seeing the same thing. And it doesn't -- I mean, it doesn't happen all at once. Our pricing agreements are varied throughout the year. So we have some agreements that are coming to now. We have others in the spring and others in the summer. So when I talk about pricing pressure, that's not necessarily for our full fiscal 2019, and it's not in all segments.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Adam, I think Noel's absolutely right on this one. It's one of the reasons why we give guidance just so that we can help to try to sort through the impacts for you. I would say that the best you could do probably is to look back at pricing over time and then model that against our earnings. That's going to -- or against our top line. That's going to give you some sense of the sensitivity.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. So maybe I'll just take this a different way. And it's again a continuation, sort of Heather's question a little bit different light. In the second half of this fiscal year, your Chicken margins were a little bit over 6%. You're expecting them to get to around 8% in fiscal '19, and in the first half, second half, breakup of the comps are very different. How much of it is simply the absence of some of the negative one-timers that you had in the last couple of quarters versus fundamental improvement in your net margin or net price realization, underlying productivity, kind of net cost recovery from some of the inflationary pressures you had? Just help give us some of the pieces that get us from where you were in the second half of this year to where you expect to be for the full year of 2019.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, got it. Okay. Well, Adam, I'm a little reluctant to sort of break out our P&L for next year. But I'll just point to some of the bigger items. And I think if you just looked at the impact to us last year, from a freight perspective, that's one of the largest impacts in our Chicken business. You think about the live costs that Noel talked about, those are probably the two biggest areas that we don't expect to repeat for this year outside of the impact of pricing. And that's probably the easiest way to look at the business.  I'm sorry, I'm just going to go back and just -- I just want to make sure, Adam. I know you've sort of come out of the queue. But specifically, remember that as we took those big pricing -- took the big freight increases last year, it took us until the back part of the year until we had pricing in place to start to overcome the increases in freight. We are expecting to see some amelioration of that freight increase in this year. You've seen fuel prices coming down. But our run right now looks a lot better than it looked in the first half of last year.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Jacob Nivasch: This is actually Jake Nivasch on for Rob. One of my questions was actually kind of answered regarding freight. But I just have one quick one. Last call, you guys mentioned that you were guiding to $42 billion in sales for '19, and now we're looking at $41 billion. So I'm just -- if you guys can just provide any color as to why the specific guide down there. I know you guys kind of regarded -- you covered some of the headwinds, but just any additional information would be great.
Stewart Glendinning: I'd probably say that the biggest impact is going to be meat pricing. And what really matters for us, of course, is the margin. And you're going to see those meat prices sort of varying. We're very focused on making sure that managing the margin is where we're focused. So I'd look for the margin line, not to the top line.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Lubi Kutua: This is Lubi filling in for Akshay. Just a quick follow-up on Chicken. I know your guidance assumes no further price deterioration, and you're also cycling some of those extraordinary items that you mentioned, which gives you the confidence of reaching that 8% margin target. But are you concerned at all about a possible acceleration in domestic supply growth, which could further upset the balance between supply and demand? I mean, from our perspective, it seems like there are quite a few factors like new capacity, sort of a growing breeder flock and potential improvements in bird productivity that could potentially lead to faster supply growth, so just curious to get your thoughts on that.
Noel White: Yes, Lubi, this is Noel. Yes, we agree that we are, in fact, expecting increase in production over the course of the next couple of years. Our projected domestic disappearance is in the 1% to 2% range, right? And that's fairly consistent with the demand growth that we have seen in the United States over the course of the last 20 years. So yes, production's increasing. It does depend on the timing of when the plants open, when they come online. But over the course of the next 2 or 3 years, which is kind of the timeframe that these facilities are being built and coming online, we're projecting demand to grow at about the same pace as production increases.
Lubi Kutua: Got it. That's helpful. If I could ask another question on M&A. So there have been a few news articles recently, and I know you can't comment on those, but that have suggested that Tyson is placing an increased focus or emphasis on international growth. Can you just comment on how you're thinking about international growth longer term? I mean, it seems to us that most companies have had some challenges in international, given the volatility in FX and geopolitical uncertainty and also your own challenges in international. So just any thoughts about how you're thinking about international growth longer term.
Noel White: Yes. I can take the question. The -- we're forecasting about 90% of the growth in global protein demand will take place outside the United States. We do plan to participate in that demand growth as we see economies grow and develop. I think you saw the first step, which is Keystone, which gives us a solid base to build from. My priority is no different than what Tom or my predecessors have been is to grow our business in Prepared Foods, value-added products and in the international market, simultaneously working to provide stability with more of the commodity portions of our business being segments of our Chicken, Beef and Pork businesses.
Stewart Glendinning: And the only add, I would say two things. One, acquisition or expansion of any business comes with risk. And I don't think if you looked at any of the large CPG companies in the world that are global that you would add advocate that they shrink away from this global market. So we think we're going to pursue that growth, and we're going to do it in a sensible, a financial way. And that's my second point. This is a company that's using a very return-focused lens as we look at opportunities to expand our business, and it will be no different internationally than domestically.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Jihan [ph] on for Alexia. Just a quick question in terms of the current trade [indiscernible], in terms of how the ongoing trade negotiations are kind of affecting your outlook on the industry. So overall, it seems like the North American trade disputes have been largely resolved by now, but the U.S.-China negotiation's still going on. I know China is not a big market for you, but how do you expect the uncertainties to expect the overall supply-demand?
Noel White: Yes, you cut out in the first part of your question, so I'm not sure I caught all of it. If I understand correctly the question is with NAFTA.
Unidentified Analyst: With NAFTA somewhat resolved, yes.
Noel White: How does the trade issues China -- how is that expected to impact us? Is that...
Unidentified Analyst: Exactly.
Noel White: Okay. I'd say that with China, there's nothing but upside at this point. We're not currently shipping product to China, beef, pork or poultry. So if there is any change, I would say that, that would provide upside export potential for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Just a quick follow-up on China. So understanding China is not a big market for you, but how does that affect the overall supply-demand? Is there still kind of an increased domestic protein supply because of the trade issue with China?
Noel White: Yes. To answer your question, Jihan. We think that as we look into fiscal 2019, in total, domestic available protein is going to be up about 1.8%. On a per-capita base because of population growth, that's up a little over 1%. So yes, some growth in per-capita protein available. However, I mentioned the export numbers, I think, specifically on Beef, which was up right at 12%. On Pork, it was up 7% as an industry. Again, our numbers exceeded both the industry benchmarks. So despite all of the trade disputes, global protein demand, our exports continue to grow and increase. So part of the equation with domestic disappearance is exports. There is upside potential to the current forecast of what's in, plugged in, for exports.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow: With that, what do you think your biggest contribution will be in 2019 and beyond?
Noel White: Good question, Ken. It's really the continuity of what Tom had put in place. It is, in fact, to profitably grow our value-added businesses. There was a question earlier on International expansion. That's certainly a component. It's growing this business in a profitable, sensible way while containing some of the costs that have crept in as well. So we have an extraordinarily strong team. We have a really solid base. We have great cash flow. So all of the initiatives that have started with sustainability, adding and growing our business, that's my focus, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And let me just ask. So do you think that total promotional dollars across foodservice and retailer has changed? And if the promotional dollars were actually not shifted to Chicken -- or not shifted to Beef and Pork, do you think your overall possibility would have been any different? So just said differently, does it really matter where the promotional dollars are spent, if it's spent on Beef, Chicken or Pork? And does it affect your overall Tyson profitability?
Noel White: No, I really don't think it does, Ken, because some of the features that we saw in 2018 where it, seemingly, beef was promoted more heavily at foodservice than poultry. If the promotions would have been on poultry rather than on beef, we would've gained on the poultry side. And that's truly advantage of the portfolio that we have between Beef, Pork, Poultry and Prepared Foods, that we play in all sectors. So it really didn't make a difference to us if Beef was promoted more heavily than Chicken. And if that would happen to switch in 2019, we'll benefit on the poultry side to the detriment of potentially on the Beef side.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And just my last follow-up is, when you think about Beef for 2019, is there any reason why you shouldn't be at the same levels as 2018, particularly given that you had one quarter that was kind of particularly weak? And given that we've had, call it, two decades of a down cycle, why would we not have at least 2 to 3 years of an up cycle? And I'll leave it there.
Noel White: Yes. Ken, as we look into 2019, no, our results are not expected to be much different than they were in 2018. The fundamentals are very similar looking into 2019, as to what we just had. So now we're really not expecting any sizable changes. And in the Beef business, it can vary from month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. Cattle can be pulled ahead, they can be pushed back. So what we may fall short in one quarter, typically, we'll make up in the next quarter or vice versa.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Jeremy Scott with Mizuho.
Jeremy Scott: So you mentioned that you maintain the Financial Fitness commitment, but you're no longer reporting the synergy targets separately. I guess, how do we square that with the fact that your Prepared Foods margin outlook doesn't seem to be meaningfully different than fiscal '18? I appreciate that's an open-ended target, but given that you're removing that disclosure, maybe you can elaborate on some of the headwinds and tailwinds there. And just will you be rethinking those targets post-Keystone? Should we be waiting for that to close? I guess, I'm struggling with why it's an arduous task to track cost savings versus your targets.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So Jeremy, let me handle that. The issue, actually, in reporting is that every project needs to be audited. And there's a huge administrative effort with a lot of paperwork that, frankly, isn't giving investors any return. Having said that, I mean, the savings programs are absolutely vital to our performance as a business. And we remain fully committed to ensuring that we continue to save those dollars, and our teams are actively working on all of the same projects. When you think -- one of the questions we get all the time is how much drops to the bottom line and, as you rightly point out, there are a number of factors at play. And so when you look at the Prepared Foods business for this coming year, we know, for example, that there will be a fairly good chunk of increased meat costs in that business. How do we pay for some of that? Well, obviously, we'll look to get some pricing. How do we grow our bottom line, is that we need to continue to drive cost savings. So easiest thing for us to do is to continue drive hard at the cost savings and to bake that into the return on sales guidance that we give to you.
Jeremy Scott: All right. And just maybe a follow-up on the M&A, open to more international opportunities as a way to diversify against some of the softness domestically. So I guess, first, are you seeing that there is an oversupply of meat and meat products as a structural issue and not a cyclical one? And if so, why the step-up in growth CapEx? And then second, given some of the stops and starts that may give investors pause, what's different about your approach to driving returns in international? And is Keystone the springboard here to a new demand-led strategy? And of course, why is anything better than buying back when your stock at 10x the low end of your guidance?
Stewart Glendinning: Okay, well there was about eight questions in there, but let me see if I can get a some of them, and if I leave any out, you can come back to me. So look, let's start with a buy back and say that we have, as a company, used an approach, which has pulled all of the capital -- all of the capital allocation levers, right? We just announced a terrific increase in the dividend that is great for shareholders. We bought back almost $500 million worth of stock last year. We've invested in M&A, and we've invested in really strong CapEx projects. So we're going to continue to use all the levers, and I think that, that is a good approach for our business.  Relative to International, Noel's point is that when you look at growth in the world, where is the growth going to be in the world? 90% of the increase in protein consumption is going to come from outside the U.S. So we want to participate as a global food player, and remember, we sell almost $5 billion worth of product overseas already. That's a big number. If we want to participate in that growth. We are going to need to sort of a broaden our platform. That doesn't mean that we will do that any way that we can. It means that we'll bring a great deal of financial discipline to that expansion. You're right, Keystone is a platform, and Keystone is a powerful platform, a well-run organization that drives good margins with good customers in good geographies. And we certainly should expect to leverage that platform as we grow our international business. That said, we aren't going to ignore opportunities at home. There are lots of opportunities domestically, and we'll bring the same kind of M&A lens that we've used historically to focus on opportunities that are here. So if I've left any of your questions out, let me know.
Jeremy Scott: That's good. If I could just squeeze in one more. It seems like you talked about the promotional activity picking up here. And you mentioned that you're starting to see it maybe in both the foodservice and retail space. Certainly, tracking the QSR space, seems like there is momentum all of a sudden. But can you clarify where that strength is emanating? And I wonder if Chicken pulls a little margin back from the Beef segment in the upcoming quarters.
Noel White: No. I don't think it'd be appropriate to comment if it's coming in Beef or Chicken. And we don't have the degree of visibility until, in many cases, the promotions are -- have already put in place. So I'm going to avoid the question.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, look, sorry, I'll just go back to that. We shouldn't forget, and I've been in this role now almost a year. But one of the questions I got pretty aggressively when I first joined the company was how did I see Beef, and beef was such a laggard. And actually, the point that was -- has been made before I arrived and will continue to be made is that this is a bit of a three-legged stool, and so things work together. And so in terms of the promotions, if you're not promoting Beef, you're going to be promoting one of the others. And the good news is since we're playing in all of the areas of protein, we're going to be able to take advantage of promotions are in play.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Heather Jones with The Vertical Group.
Heather Jones: So I wanted to follow up on your answer to Ken's question. I'm a little confused because in my years of covering Tyson, the Beef business has been characterized as more of you guys managing spread, and you've done a great job of managing spreads. And things can get squeezed there when liquidation's going -- ongoing or whatever, whereas the Chicken business is more of you valuing up and less of a spread business. And so when you get less feature activity at retail and thus less demand at retail, and then that product has to be sold into more commodity-type market, so to me, the way I've always understood this company is that you have a better ability to manage the spreads in Beef business, but you -- demand is much more critical to Chicken. And if you got the demand there, you're going to be able to extract higher margins from that demand than you would from Beef demand. So it would seem like to me, you would prefer an environment where Chicken is getting the preponderance of the features. And so -- but based upon your answer to Ken, I think I've, like, been misunderstanding this all these years. So I'm hoping to get some clarification.
Stewart Glendinning: So I mean, historically, of course, you're right that Beef margins have not been as powerful as Chicken. And it's true, we would like to see Chicken performing well. The point that we were making is that it's not disastrous when product shifts from one of the proteins to the other. It's the benefit of having a diversified portfolio. So I hope that answers your question. I don't think you're misinterpreting the business. It is worth noting, and you will have seen in our slides this morning that there is a great deal of focus in our Chicken business in our value-added products. And you will see that in terms of the kinds of new products that we are rolling out. All of that innovation is focused at the higher end of the margin. That doesn't leave Beef out. In fact, in Noel's comments, he purposely pointed out that we were focusing very heavily on developing our Case Ready business. We have previously commented in our earnings releases about attribute-based products that we are driving from a Beef prospective. So, it's not only in Chicken that we're looking to value up. We're doing the same things in Beef although coming from a -- obviously that base of value-added is smaller as we grow it. Does that help?
Heather Jones: It does. And just a quick follow-up on Keystone. So you made the comments in your prepared comments that it would be accretive by 2021. Excluding deal-related costs, but just looking at it on a GAAP EPS basis with incremental D&A, et cetera, financing costs, but excluding any nonrecurring transaction costs, what kind of impact are you anticipating for '19 and '20? Neutral, dilutive or how should we be thinking about that?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I mean, I think we've made it clear that we expect it to be dilutive. The biggest driver there is increased D&A as we revalue the assets and pick up the various amortizable intangibles, that will have an impact. The reason I pointed to the cash number is because we are very focused on what those cash returns are doing, and that will be immediately accretive as soon as the deal closes. And by the way, sorry, Heather, one other thing. Obviously, as that deal closes, we will give you more that's a better picture of the business when the deal closes.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Noel White for any closing remarks.
Noel White: First of all, thanks for joining us this morning. Thanks for your interest in Tyson Foods. This concludes the conference call and wish you a very happy holiday season.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas Hayes - President and Chief Executive Officer Stewart Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kenneth Zaslow - Bank Of Montreal Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth Goldman - J.P. Morgan & Co.  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Heather Jones - The Vertical Group Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Benjamin Theurer - Barclays Bank PLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods’ Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated third quarter earnings conference call of the 2018 fiscal year. On today’s call are Tom Hayes, President and Chief Executive Officer and Stewart Glendinning, Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today’s prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplemental report on the Investor Relations website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, August 6, at 9:00 AM Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any re-distribution, re-transmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Please note that our references to earnings per share, operating income, and operating margin in today’s remarks are on an adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. For reconciliations to our GAAP results, please refer to this morning’s press release. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom Hayes.
Thomas Hayes: Thanks Jon, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. While our business continued to grow in the third quarter, we are clearly not satisfied with our results, particularly in our Chicken segment. Intertwined with uncertainty in trade policies and tariffs are increasing supplies of relatively low-priced beef and pork that are competing with chicken. Typically, in Q3 and Q4, we expect strong chicken demand, driven by the growing season and normal summer future activity. Instead, cool Memorial Day weekend weather curved demand, while competing proteins displaced chicken in retail and foodservice promotions. To recover, we are aggressively addressing costs and capturing new future activity. And by keeping our inventories low, we can quickly react to market changes. Rising freight costs have been a challenge for all of our businesses. We now expect freight to be about $270 million more this year compared to last year, with a net effect for FY 2018 estimated to be around $0.33 per share. On a run rate basis, we recovered about 85%, and we plan to reach 100% once our longer-term contracts expire and new pricing terms take effect. Our efforts to recover price are likely curving short-term growth. We are growing, but not as fast as we could be and not as fast as we want to be. Despite the current trade issues, global protein demand continues to grow. Our products are moving in the export markets albeit at lower values. We are working to strengthen our existing relationships, certain markets and build inroads into new markets. In Q3, we demonstrated the value of playing across all proteins. We delivered strong results in our Beef and Prepared Foods segments, offsetting lower margins in chicken and pork. Sales volume of value-added products was up 2.6% compared to the third quarter last year. We are managing costs tightly across the company. Ongoing Financial Fitness savings were $66 million in the quarter and $168 million year-to-date. We are on track to exceed our $200 million target this year and an incremental $400 million over the next two years. Having this cost program and the continuous improvement mindset already established is proving to be beneficial when facing the current challenges in the market. While we are focused on costs, we are also making strategic investments in our people and our business. Our efforts to improve employee satisfaction are already proving results with improved safety and retention in tight labor markets. Our CapEx investments are yielding real P&L benefits by driving innovation and improving supply chain capabilities and production flexibility. Now I’m going to ask that Stewart takes us through the financials as well as our segment results in Beef, Pork, Chicken and Prepared Foods. Stewart?
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter EPS of $1.50 is up 2% compared to Q3 last year, excluding the $0.20 tax benefit. As we announced last week, we revised our annual EPS guidance down to $5.70 to $6 per share. Our original forecast is underpinned by a strong fourth quarter, but we saw market weakness carry over from the end of Q3 into the first three weeks of Q4 when we had been expecting improvements. While external factors continue to pressure our business, we believe in our ability to create long-term shareholder value. There are many positives to focus on, our business model, our diversified portfolio, and our ability to generate cash. Year-to-date operating cash flows are very strong at $1.9 billion, which is up 33% compared to last year. Third quarter revenues were up 2% to more than $10 billion, with total company volume up 30 basis points. Operating income was $860 million, up 8% versus Q3 last year and total company return on sales was 8.1%. Our $328 million in capital expenditure outpaced depreciation by $144 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering returns well in excess of our cost of capital. Through the third quarter, total share repurchases for the year were $5 million shares for $367 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the third quarter was 25.2%. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.3 times, excluding cash of $170 million net debt was just under $10 billion and total liquidity was $894 million at the end of Q3. Net interest expense was $87 million in the third quarter and $257 million for the first nine months of the year. We expect approximately $275 million of incremental cash flow in fiscal 2018 as a result of tax reform. And now I'd like to review our performance and provide an initial outlook for our business segments. The Beef segment performed a very well in Q3 with operating income of $319 million and an 8% operating margin. Compared to the third quarter last year, sales volume increased 2.7% and while average price decreased 2.8% revenue remained relatively flat. Beef results were driven by strong demand and increased availability of cattle near our plants. Demand for our case-ready products continues to grow and we're also seeing sizable growth in our premium programs including Certified Angus Beef, Open Prairie Natural and Chairman's Reserve Certified Premium. With the Beef segment, strong performance, we believe it will finish fiscal 2018 with operating margin above 6% and similar results expected in fiscal 2019. The cattle supply appears to be set up well for fiscal 2019 and supply should be adequate into 2021. In the Pork segment, we generated operating income of $67 million with a 5.6% margin. Revenue was down due to 2.1% decline in volume and 7.4% lower average price. A supply demand and balance compressed our Pork margins, exacerbated by reduced export values. Pork prices are down by more than $6 per head, but how hog costs did not follow. We will continue upgrading our mix to more value added products and we're moving more Pork into Prepared Foods whenever possible. While this will lead to higher more stable margins over time, currently the operating environment for Pork is difficult, leading us to believe our Pork segment operating margin will be around 6% for the year. We expect hog supplies to increase approximately 3% in fiscal 2019 providing a sufficient supply for our plants. Tariffs and trade concerns could continue to affect product pricing. Based on the current market environment, we expect an operating margin of around 6%, but the Pork segment next fiscal year. The Chicken segment generated operating income of $196 million in the third quarter with a 6.6% operating margin. Revenue increased on 3.7% average higher price, while volume remained relatively flat. The segment benefited from $25 million in Financial Fitness savings in the quarter. Chicken segment results were challenged by soft demand due to relatively low price to competing proteins. Additionally, chicken experienced export headwinds increased freight, labor and feed costs and $20 million in non-recurring charges. We are focused on growth, innovation, value-added capabilities, and customer partnerships, which is why over the long-term our Chicken segment has demonstrated higher margins and more stability. Currently however, results will remain challenged as customers shift from Chicken to relatively lower priced Beef and Pork. As a result, we expect an operating margin of around 8% in fiscal 2018 and similar results in 2019. Our Prepared Foods segment performed well in Q3 and is building momentum with $249 million in operating income and another 11.7% margin. Revenue increased with average price of 6.8% while acquisitions drove the 2.7% volume increase. We are growing sales dollars across nearly all major categories and leading in competitive categories. The strong top and bottom line improvement is attributed to acquisitions, investments to drive volume, positive net price recovery, and $39 million in Financial Fitness savings. Operating income was also affected by higher input and freight costs. With Prepared Foods momentum continuing into the fourth quarter, in fiscal 2019, we expect the segments operating margin to exceed 11% in fiscal 2018 with similar results next year. Before we go back to Tom for his views on our distribution channels and M&A activity, I'd like to offer some thoughts on fiscal 2018 and 2019. Our capital allocation priorities will continue to focus on driving shareholder value and growing the business. We will be disciplined as we pay down debt and deploy cash to grow our business organically and through acquisitions. And we will continue to return cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividend growth. In fiscal 2019, we expect topline sales of approximately $42 billion, which would be around 3% growth over the $40 billion to $41 billion expected in fiscal 2018. Net interest expense should approximate $345 million in fiscal 2018 and 2019. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 24% in fiscal 2018 and 2019. We are planning approximately $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion in CapEx in fiscal 2018 and approximately $1.6 billion in fiscal 2019 as we focus on growing and improving our business. Based on our average share price in Q3, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 368 million before any share repurchases. We plan to continue growing volume while stripping out costs, generating cash and providing good returns on capital expenditures, and we have the balance sheet flexibility to drive growth. That concludes my remarks. Now back to Tom.
Thomas Hayes: Okay. Thanks Stewart. Our retail Core 9 outpaced total food and beverage volume though it did decline slightly. Total Tyson retail declined 1.3%, while volume dip negative dollars performance was positive, pricing that wasn’t intentionally moved ahead of our peers was a primary driver of the volume decline. Within the Core 9 volume stock, this was driven by two specific retail categories hot dogs and poultry. In hot dogs, we executed our profit improvement plan that saw expected volume declines driven by strategic pricing. Share declines were based on more aggressive competitive pricing during the Memorial Day period, but more recent share performance has been improving. In retail value added poultry, volume declines were also driven by more aggressive competitive activity during what is traditionally the slowest quarter for this category. Our focus in the back half of the year has been on winning the strategic back-to-school season and it's already off to a strong start. Other retail paltry volume challenges were driven by a declining frozen raw poultry category as consumers continue to move to fresh poultry. In the retail channel innovation is important and we have introduced several new products focused on convenience. In the early days in the market, Jimmy Dean Protein Packs and Jimmy Dean Eggwichs are doing well with consumers. Refrigerated Ball Park cooked burgers that are sold next to our Ball Park hot dogs are also doing well. For the in-store deli, we have a new pulled white meat rotisserie chicken product that's a labor saver for customers. In addition, continuing innovation in a dynamic meal kits sector is showing high consumer appeal on a more convenient Tyson Tastemakers item called the One Pan Dish. In foodservice channel, labor remains a challenge for operators, and Tyson foodservice, offers solutions to help free up back-of-the-house labor and improve efficiency with cost effective products. Our focus six products of foodservice distribution continued their positive volume trend up 2.9% over last year. Our growth relative to our competitors has changed as we lapped strong performance period and our competitors lapped a period of decline. As the QSR burger wars heated up the summer, we saw fewer limited time offers promoting chicken, which had a temporary impact on our sales growth. Relatively low beef prices and a public focus on burgers among QSR competitors led to some customers making late changes to the promotional schedules, then opting to feature burgers rather than chicken. Looking forward to the foodservice back-to-school season, we expect chicken will return to playing a bigger role with key customers. Finally, I'd like to talk a bit about M&A. We are refining and growing our company as part of our strategic plan to sustainably feed the world with the fastest-growing protein brands. As we focus on protein, we sold several non-protein businesses this year and anticipate selling our pizza crust business in the fourth quarter. The acquisitions that we've made are changing our company in a positive way, and AdvancePierre Foods is a great example. The integration has gone extremely well, and APF has contributed an incremental $1.6 billion revenue in its first full-year as a part of Tyson. Together, we've unlocked savings and created new opportunities with customers and consumers. In May, we announced our plans to acquire American Proteins, which should provide additional stability to our chicken margins. We received regulatory approval and expect to close this month. In June, we acquired Tecumseh Poultry, producer of the Smart Chicken brand. This acquisition gives us a well-known brand of organic chicken with national distribution and the ability to scale up in this fast growing category. So as we wrap up our prepared remarks, I’d like to reinforce the rock solid foundation of this business. Tyson Foods is an advantaged leader in the pure growth market of protein. Our unique model allows us to activate deep insight and great brands to go all-in on the upside of value-added growth. A balanced presence in the major protein stabilizes our positions across commodity markets. This model has consistently grown operating cash flow and we've taken advantage of the options that creates through prudent capital allocation on the behalf of our shareholders. We will embrace the reality of today while simultaneously innovating for tomorrow. Our steadfast commitment to a long game ensures we will continue to generate returns over time. That concludes our prepared remarks, and Denise we are ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hayes. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will be from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas Hayes: Good morning, Ken.
Stewart Glendinning: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: My question is, what is driving 4Q to such depressed levels, but more importantly how does it change to get to 2019 numbers? Are you being overly conservative as you pass through the freight costs, you see the hog curve, you get more synergies. Can you talk about that and frame it a little bit because it just seems like there's a little bit of a disconnect?
Thomas Hayes: Certainly, the biggest disappointment, as I said in my prepared remarks as it relates to our business, is Chicken. We can talk certainly more about that. But why don't I tackle 2019 and maybe Stewart will kick Chicken margins to you. 2019 environment is going to be very similar to what we've faced here, but I see certainly the protein growing throughout the world. One of the things that we're very focused on is continue to take advantage of exports where we can. The tariff and trade noise has impeded that a bit, particularly as it relates to Mexico, but we feel like we're in good shape. Prepared Foods segments and Beef obviously are doing very well and I continue to see that into the future. So our challenge has really come down to pork and chicken. Pork is off to a bit of a slow start, but improving. And we see livestock supply will be plentiful. So we need the export to come through and that's the one thing that we need to make sure that that happens in order for us to really maximize the model. Demand in chicken is soft. There is competing proteins at low prices I spoke off and we are concerned about the ability for us to continue to drive that demand up and we want to make sure that our team is focused on doing that. But that’s probably the area where we are being caution because we want to make sure we deliver those results and deal with our confidence. The value added businesses are expected to continue in our growth trajectory. Prepared Foods and Chicken will benefit from a higher value added mix, and we’re happy with the mix improvement, and we expect to continue to have the financial fitness savings come through of course. So, yes, few headwinds as we go into the year are affecting us now, but continued higher freight cost, food inflation, all those that we’re used to dealing with those issues, getting the freight costs, and prices pass through certainly affecting volume, but we’re conservative, by your comments, Ken, that's the reason why as we have some issues attack on or were all about tackle on it, so but Chicken…
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, may be just a couple of thoughts on both of those, Ken, first of all Q4, I mean as Tom as mentioned, some of those trends we saw in Q3 Chicken and Pork, we expect those to continue to Q4. And so look at the relative performance of Q3 to last year and I think you'd see the same thing in Q4. On the businesses that are performing well in a Prepared Foods, we feel great about it. The business I just point you to is, Beef. As you look at Q4, we've given 8% return on sale for Q3 and giving 6% guidance for the full-year and so while we expect Q4 to be really good for Beef, perhaps not as powerful as Q3. And so I mean I think that will allow you to dimensionalize Q4. On 2019, we’re giving you the guidance on all the return on sales. One of the drivers that you'll see in Chicken specifically, so is the forward curve on grains and forward curve on grains points to higher Chicken prices for next year. That's flowing into some of their estimates. So depending on how that moves around will – our own numbers will move around, specifically in Q4 also we expect to see higher grain prices flowing through on Chicken. So hopefully that helps you with some of the detail.
Kenneth Zaslow: Very helpful, and then just my follow-up is, you guys have a lot of cash coming in a – remember that you did say that there was an opportunity for you to think about buying back stock. This seems to be a good time to buyback stock, any follow-up thoughts on that? And I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Thomas Hayes: Well, I mean I’d just say, Ken, thanks for the heads up on that. We have got a great record of buying back stock. I mean we bought $120 million in last quarter, almost $370 million year-to-date. In the last three years, $3.3 billion of the share. I think you can expect to see us that are – we will continue to pull the various leavers of capital allocation and stock buyback will be part of that.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay, appreciate it.
Thomas Hayes: I want to speak at a specific quarter of course.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess my first question. I wanted to take a little bit deeper on the Chicken business. Thinking about some of just the year-over-year declines that you’re seeing in profitability and margins in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And maybe if you can bracket those a little bit by feed cost, labor, freight, grow out expense, and there is derivative losses and then mix, and I think one of the things that a lot of people have looked at your company over time has been kind of the diversity across business segments in chicken between Small Bird and Tray Pack and Prepared, and the impact of buy versus grow and thinking that in the current environment, there would have been a more of an offset, and so any way to dimensionalize some of those pieces would be helpful?
Thomas Hayes: Sure Adam. I'll give you some headlines, and I’ll talk about buy versus grow. I think there are three main categories, I think of in terms of the Chicken results are the weak domestic demand, the one-time events that we called out and then short-term headwinds that certainly are a competitive factor for us. Domestic demand is the LTO shifts had a significant impact for us in the quarter, approaching switching. The export uncertainly – uncertainty didn't help our legs – quarters for sure. Estimate that most of that deviation in that area is hopefully behind us, but this is something that is affecting us – about I would say the weak demand in the export uncertainty about 200 basis points maybe about $0.10 EPS. The one-time events, the fire and the shift in production capability at one of our plants which is a good thing for us long-term did have some effect as well as the mark-to-market revel, when we talk about grains totaled that's about $0.10 EPS let say. And then the short-term headwinds that will increase – certainly we will see those as it pertains to Chicken being could compete with other proteins. So we see the value of the proteins Beef and Pork certainly coming down that's going to be headwind. Buy versus grow, it's a benefit for sure and it is ongoing a long-term benefit, but we expected more from this past quarter. We had unusual occurrence this summer with the weakness and demand, caused by cheaper pork and the LTOs I talked about. And so our chicken volume dropped enough where we didn't have to buy as nearly as much as we normally do, so we couldn’t take advantage of those lower priced products and that prevented us from fully capitalizing on the market. So that's the story in those two.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. The only thing I'd add is just to say if you look at Q3 about 60% or so is driven by feed and logistic costs, so that gives you a sense of impact of those, it impacted be helpful. It might be helpful.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful color. And then just on the Pork segment, just be clear on the guidance. You're at 8% year-to-date on margins to get to 6% for the full fiscal year would imply the fiscal fourth quarter to be near breakeven, and then I mean I know packer margins are weak right now. I wouldn't have expected that magnitude or weakness. Can you talk about is it just the export issues with Mexico or on the tariffs beginning in July or something else?
Stewart Glendinning: Certainly the margins are tight right now. We don't expect to be exacting on our forecasts. One of the things that you can appreciate is that there is a lot of volatility right now. So we are – why we have such a wide range as relates to the full-year performance. What we have seen as we have doesn’t have trouble in getting the hogs, more hogs are coming into the market, but the supply for sure there has been an imbalance demand. So we want to make sure that shows up and we have full confidence that in 2019 based on what we know today. But right now we're certainly making sure that we give you the number we think we can hit.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate the color. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question will be from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas Hayes: Hi Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. Can I ask about the outlook for the margins on the Prepared Foods business for next year? If you're maintaining is at the 11% level despite the cost saving programs coming through, is the idea that you're going to be spending an awful lot more marketing or is that some of the offset that I'm missing? And then I have a follow-up.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So the margins that we have in Prepared Foods, we are happy with where we are, but we want to continue to make sure that we are continuing to invest. We will make sure that our mass spending is hitting right levels in order to keep the growth as you saw in the hot dog category we had lost some shares, although we did improve the margins. Our intention is to make sure that we are continuing to get behind our brands and so there will be a bit of that mass spending. But also innovation efforts are paying back at right categories, right part of the store, but we are continuing to focus on MAP and that's the short answer.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then is the follow-up, in terms of your acquisition strategy, you've obviously done the AdvancePierre acquisition relatively recently. Do you have big appetite to do more in the not too distant future? What kind of assets are you looking for right now and what the highest leverage you'd be prepared to take on to do another deal? Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So talk about the same cultures as it relates acquisitions or maybe talk about our leverage. So we are focused on the same areas, the assets are going to bring brands, new capabilities or new geographies to Tyson. And to the extent that they deliver some scale, so we can take some synergies that puts us in a really strong position. So those are the filters that we use. And of course, talking about specific properties. We will be acquisitive where we believe it's going to be in the best interest of our share owners, and it's focused on continuing to try to stabilize margins, improve margins over time. And that's what we've done with APF, that's what we're doing with American Proteins and that's the strategy we're taking, talk about leverage.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Relative to leverage, I would say there's not a specific number that we'd be willing to go to. It is sufficient, I think, to say that it will depend a little bit on the type of asset, number one. And number two, just to note that being investment-grade is important to us. And so we've worked closely with the rating agencies.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question will be from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Thomas Hayes: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: On first question relates to Prepared Foods. I think 2019 is when your pizza toppings plant really comes on and starts delivering the benefits of the restructuring. Could you share with us color on where we are with that pizza topping plan?
Thomas Hayes: Sure. Things are looking good. We have the plan, it's up and running and the volumes are returning back to normal levels. We're making great headway. It's much more automated than the process that we have. Look at the product quality, most importantly in the right place that we want it. And so we're locking in some volume commitments for our comeback, and things are looking good.
Farha Aslam: And so do you expect to get the $100 million or so benefit from that revamped pizza strategy?
Thomas Hayes: We haven't broken out exactly with the margin improvements going to be fire, but surprise to say it’s baked into our guidance or projections is relates to the margins for F2019.
Farha Aslam: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up. That CapEx expenditure for next year, $1.6 billion, it's a pretty material step-up. Could you provide color on what incremental projects you're going to pursuing next year with that or break down that $1.6 billion?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I mean what you're seeing there is that carry-through from mostly from this year. There are a number of large projects; too, I would point to that are noteworthy. One is the new chicken plant in Humboldt Tennessee. That's a very large plant. A lot of the expenditure will land in this year, so all in one big project. The other one is project we have underway to redo our distribution network, and those are some pretty heavy investments, which have a powerful payback and are important as we move forward.
Farha Aslam: And those savings are captured in your kind of $600 million Financial Fitness? Or would that be incremental?
Stewart Glendinning: Some of the savings, yes, well; they're captured either in our Financial Fitness or in our total forecast. So I wouldn't add that to the top of any of the guidance that I've given you.
Farha Aslam: Right. Thank you for the added color.
Stewart Glendinning: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Ken Goldman of J.P. Morgan & Co. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, good morning.
Thomas Hayes: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: Tom, I know you don't have your long-term guidance for each segment anymore. So I'm not going to press on the specific numbers. But there was a time, not that long ago, when you were sort of saying well maybe 12% to 14% long-term is in the cards. Maybe we should we think about that. Not to put words in your mouth, but that was the rings that we were thinking about. But now we seem to have the need for a little bit higher marketing spending than what we had in the past. And this is not uncommon. A lot of packaged food companies are talking about that. I'm just curious, is that 12% to 14% that some people still have in their mind is a reasonable range, and is that still a reasonable? Or does it cost more now to get the kind of sales you once needed?
Thomas Hayes: You're not putting words in my mouth because I actually did say it. And it is a longer-term view that we have for the potential of the Prepared Foods business as we continue to do the things that we have been doing, which is invest in the business, make smart acquisitions and continue to execute the plan that the resilient team has in place. What I've also said is that we aren't going to move margins up and to not grow the business. So we want to continue to grow EBIT in the Prepared Foods business. So if there is a time in which we need to invest the MAP, we need to amp it up, where we need to pull back in some other areas that is going to be certainly a lever that we'll use. So that is exactly where we think the business can head, but it's going to continue to grow. And I don't want to sacrifice having a 12% or 13% margin, but having a business going backwards in terms of total EBIT because we're pushing too hard for the margin specifically.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, I would just add on top of that, Tom, to say that really we're focused on what's the best return for our shareholders, right? And so Tom's exactly right. We could push margins even higher. The question is, is that on a growing bottom line? And is that delivering more earnings against our capital base? And I think that's the last point that I'll be leaving with you, which is our focus is driving the highest earnings against our capital base.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you for that. And then my follow-up Stewart, I thought I heard you say the forward curve on grains points to higher Chicken prices. Was that specifically on the Small Birds where you're, at least partially, cost plus? I just wanted to get a sense of what that statement meant for the whole company.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, so the question that it come from, Ken, was – what's driving the dynamic in 2019? And my answer was that one of those dynamics is higher grain costs. I wasn't pointing to the impact of pricing on birds. Just simply to say that if you look at the grain costs next year as compared to this year, when you look at the price curve, they're higher. And so we obviously need to consider that higher cost as we give you guidance.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will be from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. A couple of questions, for fiscal 2018, I think you're saying raw material is flat for Prepared Foods compared to 2017. But for fiscal 2019, there is no guidance yet for raw materials. Now just thinking, with all this excess supply of Pork and maybe some Beef, could you foresee that being deflationary and positive to margins for fiscal 2019? Have you incorporated any thoughts into your margin guidance for 2019 there? And then I have a follow-up.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, so I would say there are a lot of moving pieces here, some of which we don't want to break out at their lowest level. That's the reason why we give you the margin guidance. We've incorporated all the factors, including the raw material costs. And we think that's simpler and a good way for us to get that message across.
Robert Moskow: Okay, so you don’t want to get into the specifics yet?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I don't want to break that apart, one, because I think there are a lot of moving pieces; and two, because I think there's a competitive sensitivity to talking about some of the specifics.
Robert Moskow: Okay, a different question. In Chicken value-added business, I thought I saw a lot more announcements coming of new capacity being added by competitors. And I even thought I heard of one of your competitors picking up some tray pack business at Tyson's expense. When you're talking about the demand kind of disappointment in the quarter, did any of that come from competitive intensity? And also, are you keeping track of all these capacity additions? And how do you feel it compares to demand, given that demand has been kind of soft?
Thomas Hayes: Absolutely, we are keeping track of all while the capacity expansion, and that's – for us, we're focused on our supply against our demand. And we do, certainly, win some battles and lose some battles in the marketplace. But the focus is, on the long haul, what kind of capacity do we need, not just in value-added, but also tray pack and the other businesses that we are trying to drive. So the way to think about our capacity expansions for Tyson, what are we going to need down the road? What are the – two and three years out, that’s the way that we look at it. But yes, this is a competitive business. And of course, there's going to be some areas that we will sometimes lose, but most of the time, we win.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, the only thing I’d say on Tom is that, we were expecting – when e say it's weak demand, I mean, our volume was flat, right? So it wasn't a bad outcome. It was weaker than we were expecting. We expected to see volumes up, and so it's all the matter of ways...
Robert Moskow: Okay, so no change to your capacity expansion timing?
Stewart Glendinning: No change.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes, hi. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the dynamics between Small Bird, Tray Pack, and obviously, we've seen a lot of the big bird softness. But how much of the softness in – maybe recent softness in tray pack is due to weakness in big bird and just how the various segments kind of play off each other?
Thomas Hayes: Yes. Certainly, the big bird components, as we talked about or I talked about, when we go into a timing, which is countered that how it's been in the past where those supplies are coming down and we can't take advantage of it, that does hurt our buy versus grow model in terms of having the ability to maximize the potential. In terms of the other elements, we feel pretty good about the mix of our business. Although, we’d always want it to be absolutely as we planned, as Stewart called out, we have big plans, and we want to make sure we hit those. But I can't give you probably, Michael, the color that you want in terms of all the individual pieces. We don't do that. Haven't done it for competitive purposes and won't break that out specifically.
Michael Piken: Okay. I guess, then, maybe let me try to swing at this one more away. Though. It seems like your Chicken business probably has more value added components between AdvancePierre, your recent acquisitions. And I guess, just even if you don't want to break out the various segments, the percentage of that Chicken business that's commodity versus value-add that you could break out without kind of segmenting tray pack versus Small Birds versus other things?
Thomas Hayes: Well, one of the things we’ve talked about is what we plan for ongoing is trying to make sure that the margins are stable and growing. So we don't continue to – we continue to believe that we have an advantage model where in markets where potentially the margins are high, and they probably won't be as high as some of our competitors. And certainly when they're lower, they won't be as low. And we sort of prefer to that internally as a stabilized – stabilizing our margins. That doesn't mean we're not immune to conditions of the competitive marketplace. So our mix is good. We are hitting the industry right now. And we are necessarily going down to that level. But as you've seen in the highs, we don't go all the way up as well. We do have some level of insulation in our business, our brands and if we talk about value-added, that is a clear focus for the team is we continue to build that and continue to drive the Tyson brand and more innovation. And I feel strong about the innovation plan that we have. Like the success. But certainly, when you have conditions like this, it puts pressure on the model.
Michael Piken: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Heather Jones of The Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Just want to clarify something you said earlier. Did I understand you correctly when you were saying that some of the short-term challenges in Chicken, specifically, the fire, things like that, et cetera, were going to abate, but you expected the demand – the pressure related to demand to accelerate into Q4?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I think, obviously, pressure from the fire, given that it was a one-time event, certainly, that will be better because we don't expect to have it again. But just in terms of demand for Q4, I'd point you to the USDA numbers, which do show an increase for Q4. We're not speaking specifically to our demand in the fourth quarter.
Heather Jones: Okay.
Stewart Glendinning: Let me just be clear against what I said earlier. The way in which you should think about Q4 is the following: that the trends you saw in Q3 in the Chicken business, you should expect to see continue into Q4. That's probably the easiest way to just think through it.
Heather Jones: And given your 8% rough guidance for 2019, you're assuming that continues into 2019 as well?
Stewart Glendinning: That’s correct.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then on the Pork side, I don't want to beat the dead horse and all, but like, when I look at the figures out there, and a lot of your plants are in the Western Corn Belt. And if you look at the spread there, I mean, it's way better than it was in late – your late Q3 and actually up year-on-year. So I'm just trying to get a sense of is this just conservatism on your part to make sure that you make the guidance? Or are you more exposed to the export markets like Mexico than maybe I understood? I'm just trying to get a sense of why we're seeing such an improvement in the markets, but your guidance actually implies a much worse Q4 than Q3?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, let’s go through a couple of things. First of all, again, I go back to the point that I expect some of the trends to continue in our business from Q3 into Q4 relative to Pork and Chicken. When you take the Q4 specifically, I go back to the answer I gave earlier, which is to say that the Q3 margins in Beef were 8% and our full-year are 6%. And so the only way the math works is the Beef is that – is expected to be strong in Q4 but not as strong as Q3. And that's the easy one to overlook just because of the size of Beef.
Heather Jones: My question was on Pork. I'm – specifically on Pork because pork market, specifically, there has been a really, really dramatic improvement in the last few weeks. But yes, guidance is for it to get materially worse. And I'm just trying to figure out, is that just you all being conservative? Or is there something – is there some other factor that we can see that will drive that kind of deterioration?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, for us, the trends that we are seeing in the market, and we have, of course, the benefit of July under our belts already, is that we see those trends continuing through Q4. There are some differences, of course, between the various producers – processes in the marketplace. Of course, we are less integrated than others, and so our price may float around a little bit. We had expected to see some improvement in Q4, and we do expect to see some improvement in Q4. But relative to last year, we don't expect to get back to the same levels we were – that we saw then.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you so much for the clarity.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you. Just sticking with Pork. If you are seeing some of these 3Q trends continuing, how much does a recovery for you depend on improvement in exports? And what would be the catalyst for that, if so?
Thomas Hayes: Yes. Certainly, exports are huge. And let me talk about Beef and Pork for a minute just to put some perspective there. The value of the cutout was down about 4% in Beef Q3 versus last year. Pork was about 9%-ish Q3. So that's total for Tyson of about $600 million lower Beef and $400 million lower in Pork revenue. The majority of that is due to the pressure that the issues with Mexico has created. So for us, in the Pork business and the Beef business, having those markets return to stable, not the uncertainty that exists today, is critically important. So that's – for us, that's where we're focused on. We need to have those markets clearly open to us. And by the way, those numbers I gave are annualized numbers. But the thing that is most concerning is to have all those disruptions continue. So exports, absolutely, are a huge part of the equation.
Michael Lavery: And just to clear, your assumption is for improvement or not necessarily? What’s in your 2019 guidance number for Pork?
Thomas Hayes: We don’t have an assumption that they are going to improve. It's kind of the steady state that we have today and – because we just don't know. It's hard to predict. If you have an answer on that one, happy to hear it. But for us, as it relates to trade and tariffs, it's an open debate. We expect to stay open for some time.
Michael Lavery: And how much opportunity do you see for grain market adjustments or sort of third-party country workaround? Is that something you see evolving? Is that an offset that could help? Or is it too early to say or the handicap with? How much of a factor could that be?
Stewart Glendinning: That is the question actually that would be very, very difficult to for us to answer. Yes, this will tariffs seen has just sort of emerged various protein producers are trying to wrestle with it. And it would be difficult for us to give you an accurate answer on that.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to follow up quickly on Beef and the comments you put out with the expectations for the upcoming quarter. So if would put it on into context and if you take a look at the volume change performance. I mean clearly there is seems to be an incremental demand for Beef just because of pricing environment and so attractive and we seen in the quarter volume was up almost 3%, but price was down roughly 3% which brings you to that more or less flattish sales figure. But if we take a look that on a year-to-date basis, actually, volume as up 3%. Prices are up 2%. So to get your guidance, what you talked about was that weakness into 4Q right. What are you expecting to see in terms of volume and price on Beef specific in order to actually get to the point that margins are significantly lower on a sequentially make that just 6% margin if you could clarify that would be much appreciate them.
Thomas Hayes: Thanks for the question. I think it’s good one. So far we try to stay were from getting specific quarterly guidance and I think that’s one of the reason why we give you that bottom line estimate so that and some of the sense of what the trends of what the trends are. But beyond that, I wouldn't want to get into sort of break out, specifically, what I see is going to happen in price and volume.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, and the environment into next year then, I mean, assuming basically a similar environment in Beef as for 2018 full-year. Would you expect the dynamics to continue to be the ones that you have Beef as a cheaper overall source of protein becoming just more attractive and hence, the more conservative outlook on such a segments such as Chicken, but definitely a more optimistic outlook on Beef? Is that a fair assumption?
Thomas Hayes: Yes, we do have an optimistic outlook, Ben. I would say that we have good visibility into 2021. And at this point, what we've talked about in our Prepared Foods, that's good because we do see the number of animals that are out there. Going back to the export discussion, we need to make sure that that is a continually open access to those countries, absorbing the increased production. Our business is a spread business. And so when the margins will come through and we have the calendar process and we have a good balance, and by the way, we are in the right regions, as we talked about in the past. It's a very good environment. You might feel us be a little bit hesitant because we want to make sure that we're giving the right projections for you. But we do like where we are right now and all the way out until 2021
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks good morning, just a follow up on Chicken? It looks like Tyson's margin gap to the peer processors in that Chicken segment converged margin-wise. In the past, your value-added mix, that small, midsized bird mix was helpful really as we thought versus those peers. You mentioned a couple of times in your Prepared Foods where you led off with that promotion bias by change towards burgers lately, and that's certainly been the case by a couple of the big guys. But I guess I'm a little surprised by that being sort of your header as to a reason for the margin decline in Chicken. So could you give us a sense of sort of a ranking of the factors for Chicken? Is that really looming large? And should we think about LTOs from the big change going forward as a big factor? Thanks.
Thomas Hayes: They are big factor I mean as it relates to our forecast, we have those in and they are out. If you think about the burger LTOs, David, those were up 23%-ish, something like that. Chicken LTOs in foodservice were down 13%. So when you look at the national accounts, it was a huge number. That's, of course, a big part of our business. So that does affect - it does affect our margins. And that we need to have the right mix around us. And we are focused on what we can do to influence that, but for sure, that you're right. It is a big impact.
David Palmer: And as far as the mid-size Small Bird margins, just particularly on that side of the business, is that holding up okay? And is that going to be more of essentially a feed cost dynamic going forward?
Thomas Hayes: I don’t breakout our margins by bird side, but we do – I get your comment from another angle. But we do like where we're positioned as it relates to our Small Bird business for sure.
David Palmer: Okay, thank you.
Thomas Hayes: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about your value-added strategy, specifically as it relates to Chicken. In the context that the market, your forward multiple has compressed significantly where now your entire business is being valued like a commodity, right? So in that context, I mean, what you've said so far today is there is both external and internal factors that are driving the margin to come down as much as it has, right? Like the value-added businesses that we follow don't have 30% swings in margins over a quarter, and that's what seemed to have happened in the Chicken business. But I'm in agreement with you guys that your business long-term is actually a stable, higher-margin business. But can you just put into context how much of the guidance change going from plus 10 to 8 for the full-year is external versus internal roughly, right, ball park, just so that we can get a sense of how much this is sort of long-term versus short-term. Thank you.
Thomas Hayes: We haven’t broken it down that way. Stewart's looking at the page here. What I would tell you, Akshay, is that the model is intact, but it's been stressed since stressed by the competitive marketplace. So we will continue to do what we have been doing. And I would say that the changes that we're going to be implementing will be really focused on driving even more value-added growth. We've had a bump in the road, but the model does hold up, so in terms of the breakout?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, I mean, I'd just give you a rough sense. I'd say about relatively to the full-year change, about 35% or 40%, I'd say, it’s for the internal factors, and the balance is external. That's sort of the rough numbers.
Akshay Jagdale: Got it. And just one follow-up again related to demand planning. Obviously, Tom, coming from Hillshire, I mean, that was a key competency area, competency for the company. And it's been a hallmark here at Tyson so far. But you're building a new plant, right, during the time when the demand curve has moved lower. Can you help us understand what, if anything, you're changing internally such that your demand forecasts internally are – could somewhat project the things that have happened? I know it's difficult, but are you doing anything differently?
Thomas Hayes: We are getting some more technology around this. And I would say it's not just in Chicken, but we are looking across the entire portfolio, and particularly, the more commoditized portions to understand how we can better predict what some of the performance is going to be. And it is hard. I mean, were they commoditized? They are. I would say, on the customer front, we do need to get somewhat better. And I would say, frankly, we were a bit surprised, and that's not something we'd like to be in a position of. The overall, S&OP process, sales and operations planning process, I would say, is very sound. But there's always things we can be doing better. For us, the challenge that we have is trying to make sure that the model will stand up through difficult periods, and this is a difficult period for Chicken. And that's where we're going to continue to put the stress on our team is to make sure that we are managing every single detail as tightly as we possibly can. I do feel good that they have it in hand. But if I told you I was pleased with our forecasting in every part of the business, I wouldn't be being honest. So we need to make sure that our forecasting continues to get better.
Akshay Jagdale: Thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeremy Scott of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Thanks. Maybe just a follow-up on that and the relationship on your margins of your value-added products versus the underlying price of the commodity, specifically in Chicken. I think there was an expectation heading into the summer that as prices came under pressure, there would be that insulation, both with your value-added as well as the buy versus grow, which you talked about before. So I guess, the first question is, is the elasticity of your value-added pricing living up to your expectations? And if it is or isn't, what is the breaking point in breast meat prices where the marginal cost of your further processing is outpacing the marginal revenue? And then secondly, have we become too reliant on the buy versus grow model with regards to the level of insulation it provides to Tyson when you have such demand distraction as we had this quarter? 
Stewart Glendinning: So first of all, I don't think we're going to talk to kind of what point we reach marginal profitability just because, I think, that's competitively sensitive. We do think that our mix of products is positive, right. I mean, having value-added products gives higher margins. And certainly, the customer relationships that we have also provides some of that stability. But ultimately, there's no getting away from the fact that expecting the market to have – hold a certain amount of volume. And it will ultimately have that volume because those chickens are coming through, that when there's not a strong demand that you're going to see some of the downward pressure on price relative to where you thought you would be. But still a good model we have. There's no question about that. I mean, I think if you look at our relationship within the competitive U.S. group, you'll frequently find us near the top of the rankings.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. And just maybe on Chicken for next year. I guess, I was surprised a little bit that you called out margins were going to be the same as this year, considering that you had two accretive potential acquisitions rolling in your books. Can you give an update there? And on the net [150] that you called out, because they roll through different segments, can you help us out with the gross impact of M&A next year?
Stewart Glendinning: Don’t have a number specifically for the gross M&A because we didn't break out the specific size of those acquisitions. But relative to the total size of Chicken, they're not that big relative to total Chicken, which is why you don’t see them moving the average so much. The external factors from – that you're seeing in the back half of this year are the ones that are going to be the most significant as we work through to next year.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Maybe just lastly on earnings for the next year, I appreciate the visibility, it might be a bit lower for now given the issues on trade. But if you – if we assume every $1 billion sales is equivalent to about $0.25 in earnings, would you be comfortable with the fiscal 2019 number that's at or above 6.25?
Stewart Glendinning: We haven’t given any EPS guidance, and I'm not going to speak to that at this point. But I think I've given you the good – the right building blocks so that you can make the right estimates.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Tom Hayes for his closing remarks.
Thomas Hayes: Okay. Thanks, gang. Thanks for the questions today. I will say that the fundamentals of our business model haven't changed. We have a diversified portfolio, strong brands. We are set up well for long-term growth. We really appreciate you joining us and our team, keep focused. We are very excited about what 2019 will bring in the way of continued improvement. And we'll talk to you later on this afternoon. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas Hayes - President and Chief Executive Officer Stewart Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Heather Jones - Vertical Group Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Benjamin Theurer - Barclays Capital Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Eric Larson - Buckingham Research Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods’ Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated second quarter earnings conference call of the 2018 fiscal year. On today’s call are Tom Hayes, President and Chief Executive Officer and Stewart Glendinning, Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today’s prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplemental report on the Investor Relations website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on May, May 7, at 9:00 AM Eastern time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any re-distribution, re-transmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. I will now turn the call over to Tom Hayes.
Thomas Hayes: Okay, thanks John and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us today. At Tyson Foods, we continue to grow our business through differentiated capabilities and deliver Financial Fitness through continuous improvement as we seek to the feed the world with the fastest growing protein brands. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we have made in the second quarter and the first half of the fiscal year. As we shared our on our Q1 call, we knew we are facing challenging conditions and despite these challenges and additional headwinds we delivered solid second quarter results in all four segments. Based on the hard work of our resilient team we are in a good position in the second half of the fiscal year and we expect to reach our annual adjusted earnings guidance of between $6.55 and $6.70 a share. As international demand for protein continues to increase, we are positioned to meet it with well established network of global offices. We have $1 billion brands and rapid growth brands and we continue to build capabilities across each of our supply chains that serve our segments. With our at home or away from home we serve consumers wherever they eat with breadth and depth that give us unmatched insights into consumer behavior, we are partnering now more than ever with our customers to drive growth together. We are innovating across every parts of Tyson Foods from state-of-the-art technology in robotics and automation to transforming our information systems from Analog to Digital. We are investing in new disruptive technologies through Tyson Ventures and delivering best-in-class new products from the fastest growing categories in food. We are making agility contagious in each of our segments as we gain momentum against our Financial Fitness program. Across the business, we achieved $65 million in savings for the quarter and a $102 million for the first half of fiscal year. We are on track to deliver at least $200 million in fiscal 2018 and we are building momentum for fiscal 2019. In Q1 we spoke on transportation cost challenges. Increased freight costs affected all four segments that had a net impact of about $0.14 per share for the quarter. Also as I mentioned on our last call, we took early action in the form of pricing to mitigate the impact to our margins. While we were climbing the hill, the grade steepened and now we are estimating the full-year impact to be roughly $250 million. We will be working nearly cover the increase for the remainder of the year through pricing and additional cost reductions program such as improving truck weights, lead times and continues improvement projects. We are expecting the cost impact in Q3 to decline and in Q4 we should be close to full recovery. However, the gap on cost recovery for the fiscal is estimated to be $155 million or about $0.31 in EPS. Our guidance includes these variances and assumes no additional cost increases. Going forward, product prices much reflect the true cost that we cannot subsidize the increased freight. In addition freight, we are seeing increased labor cost as we invest in our team members to increase productivity, efficiency and yields. We have already had positive results from our programs to reduce team member turnover and improve both safety and productivity. These types of initiatives are added cost now, but we expect to return on our investment overtime in addition to simply being the right thing to do for our team members. Moving to my commentary on each segment. Please note the references to operating income and operating margin will be an on adjusted basis. In the Beef segment in Q2, we generated operating income of $120 million with a 3.3% operating margin. Volume was up 1.8% and that’s a good outcome, especially considering poor weather conditions which prevented us from running some of our plants during the quarter. Revenue increased 5.6% as domestic and international demand for U.S. Beef remain strong. Our Beef exports were up 22% versus the same quarter last year and despite all the conversation about trade and tariffs, we haven't seen a significant impact on our Beef business. That said, trade flow is incredibly important to Tyson Foods and we continue to urge our political leaders to support our efforts to provide certainty in the markets. As we look for more ways to add value in our Beef products in domestic markets, our premium programs continue to do very well. Our Open Prairie Natural line of Angus Group, Angus Beef grew volume of 26% compared to second quarter last year. Barring any disruptions we anticipate the favorable operating environment in Beef to continue into 2020. The U.S. cattle herd expansion is slowing, but there is still ample supply of livestock and demand for U.S. Beef continues to be robust. Given supply forecast of the regions in which we operate and our continued focus on productivity, we expect the segment’s operating margin to be above 6% for the fiscal year. In the Pork segment, we generated second quarter operating income of $79 million with a 6.2% margin. Revenue was down 2.8% as livestock prices fell, we slightly reduced volume to balance our production with customer demand. Winter weather was a challenge in our Pork segment as well creating staffing difficulties and at times also preventing us from running some of our plants. We are innovating within the Pork segment to grow our margins and we are seeing success in our branded and premium Pork programs. In Q2, our Chairman’s Reserve brand, grew volume by 12%, which includes our new Chairman's Reserve prime brand extension and our Open Prairie Natural line grew volume nearly 75% versus Q2 last year. Customer demand for our Case Ready products overall has continued to grow, the market dynamic support an expansion of our case ready capacity. For the year, we believe our Pork segment will continue to execute well, hog supply is expected to be up to 2% to 3%. However there's still a significant amount of new production capacity that has pressured margins. We are projecting that our operating margin for the year should be around 8% and we expect more hogs will be available in the fall, which should be supportive of the strong operating environment in Pork heading into our fiscal year 2019. The Chicken segment operating income of $288 million generated in Q2 with a 9.7% operating margin. The volume was up 2% on strong demand and an incremental volume from AdvancePierre, while revenue increased nearly 6%. Segment benefited from $23 million in Financial Fitness savings. Our Chicken segment also faced challenges in Q2 consistent with USDA reports a production and hatch were down pressuring supplies. However, demand for our Chicken was so strong that created supply inefficiencies. Nevertheless, we are committed to getting customers and consumers to Chicken they want, which in some cases meant adding staff, moving products and running plans on weekends. But most importantly, we were successful in meeting and in some cases exceeding our customer’s expectations. Also within the quarter to optimize returns on Tyson Any'tizers wings will reduce the package rate, knowing it would result in a temporary volume decline, which is evident in the IRI Nielsen Data. It also resulted in a temporary decline in share that’s beginning to rebound. There is a right move to get an appropriate margin for a branded product with strong consumer demand. Despite the challenges, our Chicken segment operating income was up nearly 15% year-to-date versus last year. Giving us confidence in our expectation of an operating margin of around 10% for the year and carrying momentum into fiscal 2019. Moving to Prepared Foods, the segment produced $222 million in operating margin with the margin of 10.3%. The nearly 11% volume increased for the quarter is primarily attributed with the incremental volume of AdvancePierre, which also contributed to the revenue increase of nearly 23% in Q2. The segment benefited from $38 million of Financial Fitness savings. Of importance to the Prepared Foods segment, is a significant milestone we achieved 2 weeks ago. We successfully completed the integration of the AdvancePierre and Original Philly businesses ordered to cash process into our systems allowing us to pursue synergy capture on scheduled and additional providing customers the ability to combined Prepared Foods orders. An inherent advantage in our Prepared Foods business was access to protein from our Beef, Pork and Chicken segments, we are building on that strong foundation to upgrade our product mix to more value added proteins and deliver long-term sustainable growth. In doing so, we incurred several one-time costs in Q2 related to certain purchasing contracts, exiting non-protein businesses and expanding capacity at a plant. Even with those events, the Prepared Foods segment delivered strong results and is on track to deliver an operating margin of around 11% for the year. Let’s move from our segment results to our sales channels. Price in retail continues to outperform total food and beverage in all but two of the top 10 CPG retail food manufacturers in both sales dollars and volume over the last 52 weeks. Of note, the two confectionary companies ahead of us benefited disproportionally from two week search in the 52 weeks period. Tyson Core 9 retail product lines continue to grow albeit at a slower pace as we lapsed strong comps but we are achieving our goal of outperforming category growth. In particularly, the Jimmy Dean brand continues to drive significant growth and Hillshire Snacking was named the Top 10 IRI New Product Pace Setter for the year. It’s also worth noting that we increased our customer brands volume share within the Core 9 categories through strong customer partnerships that are focused on growth. In food service, check size maintained the steady 2% increase we have seen for the past several quarters, which continues to drive growth in food service. Within broadline distribution, Tyson’s Focus 6 product lines are up nearly 6% in volume over the prior year, which is more than three times of growth for the total distribution channel and five of the six are driving growth in their categories. Innovation continues to fuel our growth engine, and today we are bringing innovation to our retail category that hasn’t seen in years, individually frozen Chicken. Using consumer insights, our team identified an opportunity to disrupt this category by providing a meal solution. In April, we launched Tyson Dinner Kit that consists of frozen raw Chicken, precut vegetables, a starch and a sauce and they are found in the case for raw frozen Chicken is sold. We have also launched fully cooked dinner kits positioned in the freezer case alongside of fully cut Tyson Chicken products and snacks. These products are on trend and because they are frozen the shelf life is extended substantially for both the retailer and the consumer. We are adding to our snack line as well with Tyson Any'tizers Snackers. These are twist on a loaded potato skin using crispy Chicken instead of potatoes. With this product, we are beginning to transition to new packaging as we refresh the Tyson brand. We are carrying the mindset of innovation across the business and becoming more agile. We are transforming the model where we launch, learn and then tip it quickly and that starts with our innovation lab where we are developing new products that solve for sustainability challenges. At the same time, we are working with two business incubators that directly connect us to the startup communities in Silicon Valley in Chicago. In short, we are giving people reasons to think differently about Tyson Foods. Looking ahead, we see significant opportunity to continue to grow our business. We are building on a strong foundation and we will keep challenging the status quo to drive growth across through our iconic brands and our customer’s brands. Our team is excited and motivated to deliver a great fiscal year in 2018 that will set us up for an even better 2019. And now Stewart will take us through the financials. Stewart.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. We delivered record adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS for the first half of fiscal 2018 despite the challenges that Tom discussed. Each of our segment's performed well as our diversified portfolio of protein brands and ongoing investments continue to provide strong stable growth. Revenues for the first half of fiscal 2018 were up nearly 10% compared to prior year and were up over 7% in our second quarter to $9.8 billion as total Company volume grew 1.9%. Adjusted operating income for the first half of fiscal 2018 was a record $1.6 billion up 2% over the strong comparable period last year. Adjusted operating income for Q2 was $694 million up 11% over the last year. Total Company adjusted return on sales was 8.2% for the first half of the year and 7.1% in Q2. Our record adjusted EPS for the first half of fiscal 2018 was $3.08 which includes a $0.38 benefit due to Tax Reform and results in an 18% increase versus the strong comparable period last year. Our operating cash flow through the first two quarters was over $1.1 billion and we spent $559 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $206 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering returns well excess of our cost of capital. During the first half of the year, we repurchased 2.3 million shares for $180 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the first half of the year was 22.8% and for the second quarter was 23.8%. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.3 times on a pro forma basis, including AdvancePierre's results for full 12 months. We expect to resume share repurchases once our leverage nears our target of two times, which we expect to occur during the fiscal 2018. Including cash of $198 million, net debt was $9.8 billion and total liquidity was just shy of $1 billion. Net interest expense was $170 million during the first six months. We expect approximately $300 million of incremental cash flow in fiscal 2018 as a result of Tax Reform and in the second quarter, we invested $109 million of our tax savings in one-time bonuses for our front line team members. This investment was adjusted out for EPS purposes. Please see the reconciliation in our earnings release for the impact by segment. As we have demonstrated, our capital allocation priorities are focused on driving shareholder value and growing the business. We will remain disciplined in our long-term focus as we deploy cash to reduce debt and grow our business organically through sustainable operational efficiency and capital expansion projects along with investing in innovation and brand building. We also have the flexibility and the investment grade credit ratings to acquire businesses that support our strategic objectives. And of course, we will continue to return cash to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividend growth. Now, here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2018. We expect top line sales of between $40 billion to $41 billion, which is growth of around 6%. The expected increase is attributed to base business volume growth as well as incremental AdvancePierre sales of approximately $1.1 billion. Net interest expense should approximate $340 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be around 24%. CapEx is expected to approximate $1.3 billion as we focus on capacity expansion and operational improvements that create long-term shareholder value. We have a great pipeline of capital projects, but due a slower rate of spending than originally planned, we have reduced our projected CapEx this year by $100 million. Based on our average share price in Q2, we expect our average diluted shares to be around $370 million before share repurchases. Last fall, we mentioned, we would evaluate our existing normalized ranges for our segments and I want to provide you an update on our conclusion. As we transform into a modern food company, we believe our historical normalized ranges are no longer reflective of our long-term growth opportunities as we continue to reshape our business with a prudent capital allocation strategy and execute strategic acquisitions. As a result, going forward, we will provide an annual outlook for each segment focused on our margin expectations rather than be indexed to a historical range. We are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $6.55 to $6.70 even with the challenging conditions we experienced in the first half of the year. Note, many of these will continue to be headwinds in the back half as well, we will continue to pull all the levers to mitigate these costs and pursue recovery through pricing. This concludes our remarks. Operator, we are ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Glendinning. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will be from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Thomas Hayes: Hey, good morning, Ken.
Stewart Glendinning: Good morning.
Kenneth Goldman: Tom I’m not going to congratulate you on the Celtics for the series over, so we have to wait on that. I just wanted to make sure I understood you right. I think last quarter you expected $200 million in higher freight costs and you said the majority of which is going to be recovered through pricing. I don’t think you mentioned the specific gap. Now you are talking about 250 in higher costs, you call that $155 million gap. I’m just trying to get a sense of what the gap was you were expecting last quarter and maybe where you are making this up in your P&L? Because it sounds like pricing, I’m just doing this quick math here is not going to be quite the offset you expected, but it sounds like your EPS guidance is being where it is, if your EPS guidance is being maintained. So I guess, I’m trying to figure out where the other offsets are? Or maybe I’m just not reading this, right?
Thomas Hayes: No, I think you are right Ken. We said last quarter that it was going to be about $200 million and I have said in my prepared remarks, it’s up to 250 and so there is, you know what was it difficult situation as it relates to transportation as we saw it emerging, actually played out and then it got that worse. We knew it was going to be a drag in this quarter. I don’t know how much more clear, I could have been on that at CAGNY and even the Q1 call. And we said that for this quarter, about $0.14 in EPS. Nobody likes to take in the cost increases, and we go to answer your question about how we get it back, it’s through pricing. And our brand strength matters also how we partner with our customers is important and it really is something that we are focused on getting phenomenal through pricing, but then also we have to take costs out. As I mentioned again in my prepared remarks, truck weights and lead times and smoothing out the supply chain, there are other continuous improvement projects we are pursuing. So we are simultaneously pulling the lever of pricing as well as all the cost reduction levers. There is quite a bit of focus on this, as you can well imagine, inside the Company. Yes, we are maintaining our guidance. I do believe that we will be sort of on that low end of the range, given what we have seen, the cost coming on freight and that is all baked into the forecast, but it is causing us to stay closer to the lower end of the range. The other thing that I would like to just to make sure that everybody takes away is that Q4 will be much stronger than Q3. So as get a lot of these pricing moves in place as the projection very strong Q4, much stronger than Q4. And like I said maintaining that full-year projection, but certainly at the lower end of that.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. It very helpful. And my follow-up would be on AdvancePierre. You tweaked your guidance down lower for AdvancePierre sales. I think you did last quarter as well. I also recall last quarter, you really weren’t concerned, I think the reduction had to do with costs and pricing, a really like a lack of demand. Can you just update us, if that’s the same dynamic this quarter?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I will pick that up. I mean certainly the same dynamic this, think if you go and look at the volume, we are up over 1%. And if you looked at dollar volume were up more than twice. So we feel good about AdvancePierre.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: I guess my first question, maybe continuing on some of Ken’s question and really just wanted drill down to understand what has changed in the outlook versus prior, I guess specifically in Chicken. You took the volume guidance in Chicken and came down marginally, the margin guidance came down about 100 basis points for the full-year. Can you help kind of just bridge kind of how those expectations have changed between freight, feed, the volume mix, et cetera?
Thomas Hayes: So hey Adam. What I would say is we feel really good about our delivery in Chicken so far this year, so we feel great about the full-year. We meet our expectations, just to see around 10%. It’s going to be a fantastic year for Chicken because we are also growing volumes. So EBIT year-over-year should improve. The thing that is obviously a challenge for us as called out in prepared remarks, certainly we have hatchability. It’s been an issue for us and we expect that we are going to continue to make progress on that. And the challenge that we do see for sure is that overcoming this first half where we had some weekends, where we just weren’t working, the weather, I don’t like to use that as an excuse, but it actually had an impact on us. Those were things that were just following, so the back half looks much stronger. The higher feed cost environment, at this point everything is sort of based on forward curve, but are certainly its included in our estimates, we do have higher feed costs. So we need to overcome that with pricing. As we have said previous calls, previous years, it takes us a bit of time to overcome that a quarter or two before the pricing goes into the market, but certainly we want to get that back. And then, I would say in terms of the volume growth, I couldn’t be happier with how the team is progressing. They are doing an excellent job and certainly, we have had a tough second quarter, but that just makes the team that much more excited and engaged to kill it in the back half.
Adam Samuelson: Okay and maybe just thinking about that in a probably different light. It seems like more of the pressure is on the fresh and the live side. I mean, can you talk about, any way you characterized the profitability of the prepared for the process poultry is in the Chicken segment versus first is the live operations and how those two might be working differently. I think there is a lot of concerned in the market related to weaker kind of commodity poultry prices and the impact that would have what some of yourselves. But you do have this large further process businesses that does have that offset and how those two are moving in tandem or in opposite direction at this point?
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So for competitive reason, I’m not going to go into too much detail, Adam. As you can well imagine, we want to make sure we maintain that for our investors, but certainly we are focused on matching our supply with our demand .So as we have great further process business cuts and par fried, we are seeing massive growth there. We have a new plant that came up and that’s is fall. However, we like where we are positioned as it relates to total demand. There is no question that different parts of the business are in different amounts depending upon the year and so that is not something that is new to us, but we feel like we are demonstrating is regardless of that, we continue to deliver strong margins. So we deliver 10% margin. The rates that we have and continually driving, they fluctuate a bit, but we say are stable. And so that mix that we really focus on and that maybe a little bit unsatisfactory to you to not have the break out of the individual pieces, but you know I like where we sit. Stewart do you want to add?
Stewart Glendinning: The only thing I would always say is that you look at the performance of the business, the business had some challenges in the first quarter, Tom called those out, sorry in the second quarter had some challenges, but I think when you look the way the business is positioned from the back part of the year, it’s going to be serving both parts of the market. What is great about our business and the reason why the margin is so strong is exactly the piece you have called out, it’s that further process part of our chicken business and that part of the business is strong.
Adam Samuelson: Okay that’s a helpful color, I will pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Hi good morning. Tom, could you share with us some color on your beef business. It’s look like you anticipate a very strong back half in order to hit your 6% plus margins. What are the current dynamics that you are seeing that gives you confidence on that number?
Thomas Hayes: Yes. Farha, it’s definitely the cattle on feed. So we know there is going to be in our regions. So cattle on feed overall, but certainly in our regions we feel like we are well set out. As expected Q2 was tough, like it was really choppy and 3.3%, even though it’s above sort of historical rates not what we were playing for. To be about 6% for 2018, it’s really on the back of those cattle on feed reports and knowing that the supplies in our regions are exceptionally good.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And then bigger picture question going into next year. Currently, Tyson’s stock is trading at about five-year low, largely because there is questions about your ability to grow earnings for next year. You have moved way from giving kind of segment level margins outlook. Could you give us some bigger picture color on where you expect to drive growth into next year without of course giving particular guidance for the year?
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So Farha, when we have talk about this historically there has been - almost like we are bound between in these ranges and that’s something they do, you are a very commoditized company. I understand the purpose that they served in the past. But we want to continue to at the best margins, while we are continuing to grow the business. So we can deliver year-over-year improved EBIT. As a relates to 2019. Clearly too early to totally quantify, but we see some really strong themes developing across the portfolio. Certainly the value added businesses are expected to continue on the growth trajectory, we are in great categories. We have great businesses both Prepared Foods and Chicken will benefit from a higher value-added mix for sure. Strong demand is supported by the continuous improvement in our Financial Fitness program that we have, the more volume that we drive, the stronger the cost reduction is going to be and we continue to go faster in the categories we plan. As I said in the prepared remarks, getting the businesses on one IT platform is enormous because it not only allows customers to place one order, but that also with the distribution centers, everything just starts to kick in. So another tailwind for us would be accelerating cost improvement into 2019. We expect strong back half which will certainly us a momentum as I called up before Q4 better than Q3. Not for nothing. Any M&A benefit will be incremental to that. So there certainly we have a strong balance sheet and we sure we can talk about capital allocation, but we feel great about where we are positioned as it relates taking advantage of M&A. And the last thing I will say is that commodity businesses, Beef, Pork and parts of maybe the Chicken business will benefit from increased supply, counterbalanced certainly with global and domestic demand increases, have get a lot of noise as it relates to tariffs and so forth. But all the things that we are seeing in terms of themes developing for fiscal 2019 are all very positive and we are excited.
Farha Aslam: And it capital allocation. Your share repurchase program, do you anticipate starting that in the third quarter or fourth quarter?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So let’s be clear on that. Of course, we have always had couple of aspects to share repurchase, it’s been ongoing in respect of offset through our long-term incentive programs and nothing has changed in that. So we will have a share repurchase ongoing there. Relative to more discretionary share repurchase, we are not saying specifically when. We are saying we like to see our leverage come down. We expect that to acceptable levels, and we expect that to happen in the second half. I don’t want to make myself prudent to say it’s going to happen in Q3 or Q4. I would like to have the flexibility to make that choice.
Farha Aslam: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. A quick question. I was wondering, you mentioned earlier in the Chicken segment, you talked about egg production hatch. I was wondering, if you could give us a sense of the magnitude of headwind that’s been, because I would think that that’s something that would abate potentially into 2019. And just wondering, if we could get a sense of how much that’s been a headwind for you guys?
Thomas Hayes: It’s definitely has been a headwind, and it is, our intention is that it will abate by 2019. We haven’t put a lot of emphasis on that because it’s still a bit of an issue, like we are still working through it. And that’s been the best I can say as we are managing through it. It’s not solved yet, but that is getting better. We expected some decline in egg productivity with a bit of this the trade off in the breast meat yield to go into different breeds. But decline in hatchability has been a bit more than expected. If we just point to the USDA reports, it sounds like the whole industry has seen the same thing, but we feel really good about what Tyson is doing, the progress that we are starting to see, which gives us confidence about 2019. But it is something we continue to work.
Heather Jones: Okay, perfect, thank you. My second is on the Pork business. So this was the lowest margin, both per head and percent since Q3 of 2013. And when you look at the cut out and hog costs during the quarter, that wouldn’t suggest that kind of year-on-year decline you guys had and I know labors up and freights costs are up, but the magnitude was very surprising. So I was just wondering, has been some in how you price that product into Prepared Foods? Or has there been some change in your longer-term hog contracts that aren’t priced off the spot market? Just trying to get a sense so we can know because it was a very big year-on-year change and so I’m just trying to understand that better.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So remember last year was incredibly high on Pork. And so it was just a exceptional year and so we wish those margins would continue with us. They will not. Our assumptions that are built into our annual outlook of around 8% are strong margins. So certainly, there is nothing that's changed, Heather. We haven’t modify our approach or anything like that. What you are seeing is equilibrating to what will be sort of the new normal. So that continues to play out about as we expected as new players enter the market. We are not having trouble getting hogs or seeing more hogs coming. That’s also something that gives us a lot of confidence for 2019. The hog supply will meet the harvest capacity. This is something that we just have work through the turbulence, but heading into 2019, we feel really good about the supplies that we anticipate coming into the market in the fall.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thanks so much.
Thomas Hayes: Yes.
Operator: The next question will be from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Couple of questions. The first just getting back to freight and pricing assumptions. Tom as you get into fiscal 2019, I think you said that, that you and the industry will need to keep taking pricing in order to offset these costs going forward. Is your assumption that freight cost inflation could happen again in fiscal 2019, or do you think it will be kind of flat? And are you also saying that, everyone needs to take some more pricing in fiscal 2019, because as it stands today, you have take it some pricing, but you had to offset a lot it just through your own kind of productivity. Is that really the message?
Thomas Hayes: The message for 2019, I would ask you to take away is that we are that going to have the pricing that we need, based on what we see today to have us net to zero if nothing else changed in fiscal 2019. So do I think there is going to be more constantly, it doesn’t feel that way as it relates to the drivers. I think we are doing, everything we can do to get on top of that, and it feels good. What I don’t know is fuel. Like what is going to be the fuel situation in that, to the extent it goes up will look to price with that as well. As it relates to pricing overall, as you well imagine, I can only speak to what we are facing in Tyson versus the industry. This is an input costs you to recognize by the customers and hopefully the consumer. And we want to continue to provide value and we don’t want this to hurt our earnings, we can’t continue to do the investments that we would to drive growth that we have been driving. So we are going to play to have it net to zero by the end of Q4 and if costs stayed the same Rob, you should expect that would be overcome. Like, I don’t know about what happens with oil and so forth into 2019.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And a quick follow-up. This is a more esoteric question. There are some byproducts that get exported to China in the pork complex, things that would not get absorbed here domestically. I heard that the value might be $3 ahead. Have you seen those types of exports cutoff and has influenced your Pork margins at all? Or is anyone talking about that internally?
Thomas Hayes: I think it’s a good insight. It hasn’t affected us Rob. If you think about our total business, we sell, we, Tyson less than 0.5% in total sales to China in pork. So it’s about 150 million-ish, I think in 2017. So the tariff and everything that’s going on has created some issues. And certain, demand would be backed up into the, or the supply would be backed up in the U.S.. As it relates to byproducts not a big factor given the small base that are already is that we rely on. The big thing with traffic is what happens to other companies and therefore you know the cost of the supply in the U.S. goes down. That’s not so much byproducts, but I think that’s a good question.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes, hi. Just wanted to touch base a little bit more on the red meat side in particular as we look to the outer years. How much of a big deal is the labor potentially for people to add workers to add second shifts and the ramp of some of the capacity and you have been able to maintain your shifts as high as you want just in terms of labor from a labor perspective?
Thomas Hayes: We have been taking wages out from labor cost is going up. The other things that we are doing is, we are definitely putting more and more emphasis on safety and also something we called upward academy which is bringing skills and training into the plants to train and focus on English as a second language, it could be basic financial skills, things that are allowing us to retain team members more. Those relates to whether it’s second shifts, we said that we want to do it or just overall sort of labor challenges, I think we are well position to make sure that those don’t affect us. The other thing I would say on this Michael is that, we have been spending quite a bit money on automation and robotics. I would say probably less focused on beef more on probably Chicken and Prepared Foods. But we also have been spending it on for safety reasons and for otherwise. So the net is feeling that we are in a good position such that we needed to add incremental labor or incremental shifts, I don’t think that’s anything that I feel nervous about.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And do you expect like those investments in robotics. Is that being done primarily for safety or is that also margin accretive overtime?
Thomas Hayes: Both. Yes. Margin accretive overtime, again we reduced the turnover. Frankly we are not necessarily obtaining that massive reduction in headcount, because what we are doing is as we grow and as putting those automation projects in place those two for transferring and other parts of the plan and just the natural turnover goes down and we like that, that’s a good outcome for us.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And then the last question is just any updates on the pepperoni plant and any type of accretion you might expect in 2019? Thanks.
Thomas Hayes: On track on the pepperoni projects and it would be nice when we don’t have to talk about it anymore, but I'm happy to talk about it. We have everything in place that we wanted to have in place. Let's say probably on track with a little more optimism as I hear the team talk about what they are going after in terms of bringing new customers or customers that we have back on, the operations they are going really well. So I feel like that is going to be a non-issue after 2019 if we maintain this, they are going to be solved in 2019. But its touch wood things are going really well there.
Stewart Glendinning: Michael the only thing to add is that your question relative to sort of how much, we don’t break that out separately, but what I can say is that's baked both into EPS guidance for this year and of course will be baked into that guidance for next year.
Michael Piken: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Hi good morning Tom, Stewart. Thank you very much for questions. I just wanted to go back a little bit on trade and you mentioned that you are baked on exports and volume growth is very strong. So two things I wanted to check with you. So obviously you mentioned China is not important for you, but clearly for some of your competitors. And we know that the U.S. has always been a very significant exporter of pork products to China. So could you quantify if you have seen a little bit of the headwind by just products that’s not being able to shift or just overloading the market to China and is that to a certain degree as well affecting an oversupply situation in your domestic market where you basically struggle in and then I have a follow-up question on trade.
A - Thomas Hayes: Yeah. Sorry, this is not a little bit of repetitive, but because it is relatively small part for us. I hate to talk a lot about total industry dynamics rather than just talking to what effects Tyson done. But certainly the certainty will help us getting this behind us and not having to be in a situation where we are talking about this a lot. Question whether or not we will actually be in a situation, where this is an effect. When we had this whole situation emerge where the trade war was looming and pork was going to back up into the U.S. in terms of supply was limit down. Like that day I think on a total hog cost. So the hog cost can way down certainly it backs up to the producer. I will just reminds you as you well know that we are in the middle and we make our money on the spread. So if we have lots of supply that is generally good thing for us. I guess I will just finish with, its I’m involved in this a lot [indiscernible]. But it seems like it's just as hard to pin down where it's ultimately going to wind down. And I guess being as a person cautiously optimistic I feel like it's going to sort of fine.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay perfect. Thank you very much. And then just on Chicken globally. As you know maybe that well some of your Brazilian competitors on the international market were having some restrictions in terms of trade currency to the European Union. So is that something - I know that you need special certifications in order to be able to export to the European Union but is that something you would consider as an opportunity to further grow and also to basically endeavor into other market and to grab some share there? Just some thoughts on that high level would be much appreciated.
Thomas Hayes: We would love to, we would love to ship more Chicken to the EU for sure and to the extent that opened up, we will be all about it. That’s not something that is necessarily available to us today, but we do believe that it could be certainly very supportive for the companies like ourselves for Tyson, we really take advantage of our worldwide offices and we have been doing a great job under Noel White’s leadership, understanding what are the opportunities beyond where we currently sell. So opening up new markets on all products, prepare foods by the way, not just Chicken and pork. And so, yes, if the EU opened up for Chicken and other products of course, we would be ringing the bell here. So that’s good.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Yes. I wanted to talk about value added business, so Chicken and prepared foods, and just what I'm really trying to understand is how much of your guidance change on those two businesses, is really transitory versus something competitive or structural? It sounds to me like a lot of it is transitory related to commodity costs and some operational issues, right. So, that's what it sounds like, but I just wanted to run this by. So it looks like your grain costs are higher by about $100 million, prepared food raw material costs are up by $30 million relative to your previous guidance and then freight, overall guidance is up by $50 million, but let's say half of its assigned to these two businesses. That's $150 million plus sort of headwind relative to your previous guidance and your expectation for EBIT on both those segments is, it’s not down as much, right. So that’s how I'm looking at it, the majority of the change in your guidance primarily in Chicken is related to sort of timing issues as to when your costs are going up versus when the pricing is going through. So there is some looks like issues in terms of operating perfectly that tend to happen that's also included, but it doesn't sound to me like there's anything competitive that's changed dramatically, that's causing the guidance to be slightly lower. So am I understanding that correctly?
Thomas Hayes: Based on what you have laid up for me, it sounds like you are pretty well on the mark Akshay. I would say that as it relates to transitory, they are, some of them are more sort of immediate and acute than sort of will last a little bit longer, right. So as we look at the fore curve on grains who knows that’s sort of where we are looking today. But to the extent that we just talk about tariffs, it really backs up in the U.S., we could be in a situation we are not as - the costs are very low. But the overarching comments that you made, I would align with I would say that $100 million, yes, in terms of grain that's about the right number, $30 million up in raw material for prepared foods, but I would caution you on that one just that given where we are based on our current projections that's what we see. Going forward, there's I think that probably a strong argument that those prices could go lower and so that those costs could be less for prepared foods, which is a good thing and then freight, yes, we are just going to go to top of it it’s a battle, it’s something that should be once we get through it, it would be fine, but they are as we call out sort of transitory issues.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. The only thing I would jump in on is, you just say that if you look at some of the challenges in Q2 and then look at the back half of the year. Those things starts to diminished, I know for one thing it’s not going to snow this summer. And if you look at some of the production challenges we have with them on in Chicken in Q2 that we are going to be on top of for the back half of the year. Think about freight, from a freight perspective, we told you about our approach pricing there. So those things all start to move with us and when if you add on top of that the sort of favorability we expect to see a beef in the back part of the year. All of those things start flowing through certainly to our Chicken business and to our prepared business.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect and then one follow-up please Stewart on the comment you may on normalized earnings. So we obviously appreciate all the guidance we can get, we are not that smart to start off, but that’s great. But just trying to get a little more color on what you are saying and the expectations your setting. So the way, I’m interpreting what you said is, we are going to give you guidance annually, but basically what you are saying as we are going to grow off of the base that we have right. Is that sort of the higher arching message that we should away? Is like you, you are not managing the businesses to some percentage number? It’s just, you are going to keep growing off of this space. Is that a fair way to interpret the normalized range comments?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Let me just a step back. I think normalize ranges are not a good reflection of our business, because they effectively pigeon hole us. This is a business that we are trying to margin up, that we are trying to grow, that we are trying to increasingly brand. And all of those things are not consistent with static set of margins. This is also a business as you really point out, because a lot of guidance to the analyst community help you peg where we are going to end up. And in desire to sort of help me that helpful to you. At the beginning of the year, we will say, this is what we see, this is how we see the margin for Chicken, for prepared, et cetera for the year and that will be normal for that year. And so each year you will get to see what that looks like and of course our desire to use that is the base to build on sequentially.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect. I will pass it on thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Just tolling up on that, I know from CAGNY, you gave the total picture company level margin look of an 8.6 to 8.9 range. Sorry, if I had missed this, but I didn’t see that, the segment detail is great. But when you add it all up, is that still what you would give as your view for the total company picture as well?
Thomas Hayes: Well, we have given you the EPS guidance and we have given you the top-line. So you ought to be able to drive the numbers by using that math.
Michael Lavery: I guess, just in terms of within the range. Are you expecting the sales - when you give the updated, is it just that the EPS is at the lower end in part because the sales coming down, or do you expect such a strong in the second half margin outlook that you are putting that up towards the higher end or would everything be set maybe a little towards the lower end. Where is the right kind of way to think about in that range I suppose?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I think what Tom called out relative to our range. Is that a number of the pressures that we felt the first half of the year, like freight principally labor. These will be with us in the back half of the year and of course we are working to offset those. But with the kind of $155 million that Tom called out. That will push us to the lower end of the EPS guidance range. No question about that, but we have it all in the forecast and pulling the levers to get there.
Michael Lavery: Okay that's helpful. And just on the frozen meal kits. What sort of shelf space incrementality does that have? Is that swapping out for other items or are you getting new placements incremental to the portfolio already?
Thomas Hayes: So there are new placements. Some of it will be replacing some of these products we have, but it's just generally new placements. Now the insight there is that consumers are not - I’m assuming you are talking about in my prepared remarks that frozen Chicken. Yes, so the insight is that consumers want more convenience, the individually frozen Chicken as it exists historically is not a particularly exciting product. And we are trying to come up with what can we do to sort of reinvest and disrupt that category, but to the extent that those facings when those distribution points win over classic IF products Individually Frozen products that wouldn't surprise me. But our play should be net incremental and to derive more velocity on those distribution points is a key thing as well as margin and brand.
Michael Lavery: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Eric Larson of Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes. Good morning everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just to push a little harder on kind of the whole net pricing impact. You know Tom this goes back to your Hillshire days in 2011 and 2012 when we had our last real bout of inflation and I think the industry was taking 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% pricing and that's when you have all the elasticity issues, et cetera. But when you kind of net it all out, it looks like a point, maybe 1.5 points of pricing across your value add portfolio is what is needed to kind a cover your cost increases here, which I know that has got some near-term pain, but this is not an unmanageable problem. Would that be a fair way to frame this?
Thomas Hayes: Well. Yes is it. However, just go back to - it's not easy as customers want to maintain their cost, certainly it's hard for us to go to them and say look your cost is affecting everybody and push that through. Nobody breaks out the party hat and we come in with a price increase on anything. But freight is - they are trying to make sure that they maintain their cost. So we are trying to do all the things we can from a Tyson margin perspective, we are passing on the cost, but we are also making sure that we are doing everything we can to lean out our system, making sure that trucks are full, we don't have more stem miles in the system than as needed that continuous improvement projects are accelerated. So your opening question is that reasonable to assume that we should be able to get that? Absolutely, that's our job, but that's doesn't come without a lot of hard work is I guess the point I want to make.
Eric Larson: Yes, I know it's not easy to go to your customers for pricing, but I think everybody is or at least the majority of your competitors are across the package through the group or the cost the consumer group, whether it would be a CPG company or food companies, I think they are all attempting to do something on that front. So it's not like you are the lone ranger in that.
Thomas Hayes: I don't expect - exactly you are right, yes.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes and I would say dimensionally, you have framed it right. I mean, it has the size to be managed, but to Tom's point, it comes with a bit of the difficulty pattern.
Eric Larson: Yes. Then just the only follow-up, if that type of price increase that I have quoted out maybe its high as 2%, maybe it's not that high. Does that lead to any significant negative elasticity or what your competitors follow do you think. I mean, how do you look at those sales impact on that?
Thomas Hayes: What I would tell you is the sales impact should be relatively flat, if we have more cost coming in the price goes up, that's certainly going to be effective, but as we are talking about maybe units or volume that should be flat, it shouldn’t stop us from growing. Our competitors like I said who knows what they are going to do. They don't pass thoughts on and their margins are going to take a hit. So how elastic our categories are, or not depended upon which category you are talking about and is it branded or not branded, or do we have an exceptionally strong partnership with customers that they understand these things are things that we have to get back, we have to make a proper margin as a partner to them. So there is a lot of factors that work - that’s going back to the dialogue that we have with our customers, certainly where we have strong partnerships with strong brands, it’s certainly easier than if we are in commoditized, non- strategic partner relationship which we have fewer today than we had yesterday, but you are calling out all the right stuff I think.
Eric Larson: Alright. Thank for your comments.
Thomas Hayes: Yes, sure.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeremy Scott of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. I just want to ask again on the beef margin, I appreciate your comments that it was choppy in the quarter, but it seems at least on our numbers that there were more up chops and there were down chops. So I wanted just and maybe give the opportunity to specify whether or not there was - how much of that weather impact, if you can quantify that separately if there was any hedging issues and then third, maybe you can quantify the freight impacts specifically for that segment and then maybe the same three questions for the pork segment as well.
Thomas Hayes: So, let me start with the freight, Jeremy. We are not going to price that out individually, because there is competitive aspects of that and I want to make sure that we are remaining as competitive as possible for our shareholders. What I will say is that I don't know how other people are affected in our regions, we have to stop production, we have closed plants, several times in the quarter, not every plant, but several plants in the quarter and that just hurt you. And so as Stewart said hopefully we are not going to get any snow this summer, but I think that it definitely was maybe something versus - larger said that it hit us disproportionately, but I don’t know, I just know what happened to us.
Jeremy Scott: Okay, is there any way to quantify that for the quarter?
Thomas Hayes: We won’t quantify that as you can understand that's something that's just not something we are willing to do based on the competitive approach, but I appreciate the question.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, I mean, look Jeremy, I think you see the results for the quarter, so certainly you can take some - based on public day you can take some calculation what you think that looks like. I think more importantly we are giving you guidance for the back half of the year and we are telling you that we think the back half is going to look a lot stronger and that's positive for our business.
Thomas Hayes: Yeah.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey good morning guys. So I think we could continue on that line, but I’m just trying to figure out a little bit bigger picture. How much of the issues in 2018 will not recur in 2019? If you are recall labor issues, the hatchability issues, things like that. How do we frame that, that is non-recurring?
Thomas Hayes: Yes. It’s a difficult question to answer entirely. But I would say that the headline should be that these were a lot of issues that our specific to 2018 now. I don’t know, if the same weather issues are going up play, there seems to be really increasingly difficult wild card to predict. But as it relates to hatchability and some other things I spoke of. We believe we will be pass those, we believe we will be pass freight. So if barring any sort of crazy events, we feel like 2019 is setting up really well to be again another year of improved earnings and that’s what we are most excited about.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken maybe just one other thing Tom called out in his prepared remarks. He referred to some inefficiencies as we ran our Chicken business really hard this second quarter. That’s another example of something I think we will be totally on top off in the back half of the year and certainly into 2019.
Kenneth Zaslow: Right. That was exactly my point. So I’m trying to figure out, call it is it 100 basis points of reduction in the Chicken margins and is it probably another 50 to 60 basis points in beef. Just conceptual, because I think as you are saying most of it is just one-time in nature and I know everybody is trying to circle around it. I just didn’t know if there was some sort of framework that we did kind of use for 2019 and 2020?
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So we don’t have that for you today Ken, but let us take down on board on future calls as we get closer to 2019 and we get more specific on the segment margins. We will do our best declare and what was one-time in 2018 that wouldn’t repeat in 2019 as we present our case.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. And then my last question. Given where your stock is, why hold yourself to the two times leverage. Like that seems just an artificial number like why not 1.9, why not 2.3 or why two is such an important number. And if it’s not an important number, why not just stop buying back stuff as is and say you know what we are in good shape, because we have a good financial outlook, our stock is probably undervalued. I’m assuming that’s what you are thinking. Why not just buyback the stock and hold your stuff not to the two times leverage?
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks for Ken. First of all, the view from the rating agencies is important to us, because it allows us of course to drive financial funding for acquisitions, et cetera. That’s where the two times comes from. I never said that it was sort of hard line in the sand. In fact, I think if you recall in an earlier question I answered, I said that specifically wanted to have the flexibility to decide Q3 or Q4 based on the way that we see our stock and our ability to drive a return for shareholder. So it’s not hard and fast for me.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that will conclude question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back to Mr. Tom Hayes for his closing remarks.
Thomas Hayes: Okay. Thanks again for all the questions. And thanks for bearing with us on a choppy quarter. And thanks for owning our stock and analyzing our stock as we are a great Company to own, well into the future long-term big bet. I appreciate your interest. We are encouraged by the performance halfway through our fiscal year. We know we are sitting up for a great 2019 as we talk about. If you want to say to the team members that are listening to the call at 1pm Central Time we will be having our team talk live discussion. So please tune into that whether it's on mobile or live in the auditorium, and look forward to talking to you then and everybody have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc. Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc. Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc. Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.
Analysts: Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Heather Jones - Vertical Group Tom Palmer, CFA - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. David Carlson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Conference Call for the 2018 fiscal year. On today's call are Tom Hayes, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Leatherby, our outgoing CFO; and Stewart Glendinning, who officially becomes our Chief Financial Officer on Saturday. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplemental report on the Investor Relations website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Thursday, February 8, at 9:00 AM Eastern time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods, and any re-distribution, re-transmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. Because our annual meeting of shareholders takes place this morning, we need to limit the call to an hour so we can get to the meeting on time. I ask that you honor the operator's one question, one follow-up instructions, and get back in the queue if you have additional questions. We want to get to as many of you as possible, so we'll be moving quickly through the Q&A while answering your questions as fully as possible. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Hayes.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Okay, awesome. Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everybody. It's great to be with you on the line today for the first time this year. At Tyson Foods, we're creating a modern food company with a diverse portfolio of protein brands. Building on our momentum from a record year in fiscal 2017, we're off to a strong start in fiscal 2018. We delivered solid results in all of our segments: Beef, Pork, Chicken and Prepared Foods. And our retail and foodservice sales are outpacing the industry. I'll provide more context on our performance across our segments and channels in a minute. So looking at the bigger picture, this was our second strongest quarter of operating income in company history, behind only the same period of last year. We also delivered record adjusted earnings of $1.81 per share. That includes a $0.21 benefit from the recent tax legislation. But even without it, EPS still would've been at an all-time high. In addition, we grew volume 5% in the quarter, and notably, growing value-added volume by 9%, driven by organic sales and the recent acquisitions. We're encouraged by the position we're in to start off the year, even as we experience the typical seasonality of our second quarter. What's constant is our mind set for growth. Tyson Foods is transforming into a modern food company with unmatched scale, and we're expanding our reach into new areas as we integrate the capabilities of AdvancePierre and Original Philly. As demand for protein grows, we're well-positioned to take advantage of this opportunity. So as we shared last year, we're also positioning ourselves for growth through ongoing financial fitness. In Q1, we realized $37 million in cost savings. We're confident we'll achieve a net savings in excess of $200 million for the year and become a faster and more agile business in the process. So let's talk about each of our segments. Please note my references to operating income and operating margin will be on an adjusted basis. In Q1, the Beef segment generated operating income of $257 million with a 6.6% operating margin. While solid, these numbers are down compared to Q1 of last year, which was the segment's best quarter ever. Volume was up 4.5% and revenue was up over 10%, driven by strong domestic and international demand. An expanding U.S. herd is providing our plants with ample supply of cattle and we expect this to continue through FY 2020. With strong domestic demand and robust exports of U.S. beef, the Beef segment's margin should approach 6% in fiscal 2018. In the Pork segment, in the first quarter we delivered $152 million in operating income with an 11.8% margin. While those are very strong results, income and margin declined compared to the record results of Q1 last year. Volume was down 2.6% as we ran to manage our margin. Revenue was up 2.5% on increased hog costs. As expected, the new capacity in the industry has compressed our margins from recent record highs. That said, our margins are still above normal, and we expect fiscal 2018 to be around 9%. Although we faced a challenging environment related to labor, freight and small bird pricing, the Chicken segment generated operating income of $281 million with a 9.4% operating margin. Strong demand in our base business and some incremental volume from AdvancePierre helped drive volume up 7.3% and revenue increased nearly 11%. Notably, the segment also benefited from about $14 million in financial fitness savings. We continue to invest heavily to grow this segment. We invested $135 million in a new plant in Green Forest, Arkansas, to add further processing capacity as we grow with our major commercial chain customers. In line with consumer desires for fresh protein, we announced a new $300 million complex in Humboldt, Tennessee, that will produce retail trade pack fresh chicken. We expect this new plant will start up in late 2019 or early 2020. We're also exploring automation and technology opportunities in positions that are more labor-intensive or at higher turnover. We believe our sales volume in the Chicken segment will grow more than 4% this year, driven by organic growth and a full-year of AdvancePierre, and return on sales should improve to around 11%. The Prepared Foods segment delivered a record first quarter in both operating income and return on sales with $273 million and 11.9%, respectively. Volume was up 11.6%, primarily due to incremental volume from AdvancePierre, whose product mix moved revenue higher by 21%. Notably, Prepared Foods also benefited from about $24 million in financial fitness cost savings. I talked earlier about our position as a modern food company with unmatched scale. In the Prepared Food segment, we have aligned our strategy, people and actions to build on our advantage and unlock the top and bottom line potential of this business. We have a lot of exciting work happening in Prepared Foods and we look forward to sharing it with you at CAGNY on February 20. As we continue integrating the AdvancePierre and achieving financial fitness cost savings, we expect the Prepared Foods segment to have a strong year. Due to the seasonality of our sales, there will be the usual quarter-to-quarter variability, but for the full-year, we expect an operating margin of around 11%. Across all segments, freight costs have escalated as trucking capacity has tightened nationwide. We expect these costs to continue to rise as carriers compete for drivers and new federal regulations come into play. We estimate this will add more than $200 million to our costs this year. At the same time, marketplace dynamics are driving wages higher, pushing up our labor cost. These additional costs are included in our outlook. However, we're assuming we'll recover the majority through pricing. Turning from segment results to our sales channels, we continue to deliver strong retail performance, outpacing all other top 10 CPG food manufacturers. Our dollar sales growth rate was three times that of total food and beverage. Our volume grew 1.5%, while total food and beverage declined 1.1%. And our Core 9 volume grew 2.2%, significantly outpacing total food and bev. Within the Core 9 categories, our customer-branded business or private label also drove growth. We're acting on consumer demand for retail fresh chicken. Fiscal year-to-date, the Tyson brand grew 13% in dollars and 6% in volume, which is three times the category growth rate. Our premium Tyson Trimmed & Ready line grew dollar sales 29% fiscal year to-date. In the foodservice channel, restaurant traffic dipped negative in the most recent quarter, although check size grew. With a 4% increase in dollar sales for the quarter in our broadline distribution business, our growth rate doubled that of the industry. Tyson is very strong in the broadline foodservice area and our volume sales in tracked categories grew 3.6% over the last 12 months. Our broadline Focus 6 product lines are up more than twice that with 8% growth over the past year. But I should point out following our acquisitions of AdvancePierre and Original Philly, we've added Philly steak to our Focus product categories and that brought our Focus 5 to our new Focus 6. In the foodservice channel, our poultry sales to major chains showed significant growth in Q1 versus a year ago with a 23% increase in dollars sales as chains promoted chicken in both limited-time offers as well as new permanent menu items. So finally, I want to touch on tax reform. We expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be about 24% this year, down from 34% last year. So this is obviously significant for us. Our priorities for capital allocation remain the same, investing to sustainably grow our businesses, repaying debt, making acquisitions that support our strategy and returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. With the additional capital, we'll be able to deliver on these priorities faster. In fiscal 2018, we expect incremental cash flow in excess of $300 million. More than $100 million will be paid to qualified front-line employees. That means around 100,000 of our team members will receive a one-time bonus in the next few weeks. Other major uses of the cash will be deploying CapEx projects faster than originally planned, employee training and development, advancing our sustainability agenda and innovation projects. As Jon said earlier, we have both Dennis and Stewart with us this morning. This will be Stewart's first time speaking with you as incoming CFO, and he'll be providing the outlook for the rest of the year. I'm confident you'll get to know and respect him as much as I already do. This is bittersweet for many of us though, because it's Dennis's last earnings call. His leadership has put us in a position of financial strength that we're in today, and I can't imagine where we'd be without him. Dennis, on the behalf of everyone at Tyson, thank you for nearly three decades of service and dedication. We'll miss you, but we're extraordinarily happy knowing that you'll be enjoying the next chapter of your life. And now, I'm going to turn it over to you for the financial report.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Before I get started with my prepared remarks, I'd like to say that my 28 years here at Tyson have been a rewarding experience as we overcame adversity to not only grow, but thrive. We transformed from a chicken company to the biggest U.S. food company. It was an amazing experience and a privilege to serve as CFO. I want to thank the many great Tyson team members I've had the privilege to work with over the past 28 years, and especially my team. With that said, let's focus on our performance. Q1 was another record quarter, highlighted by record results in our Prepared Foods segment. The ongoing investments in our businesses continue to provide consistent, stable growth as we are on track for our sixth straight record year. First quarter revenues were up over 11% to $10.2 billion as we grew sales volume by 5.2%. Excluding incremental volume from the AdvancePierre and Original Philly transactions, base volume grew a solid 2.6% compared to prior year. Adjusted operating income was $950 million in the first quarter, with our earnings profile shifting more to our value-added segments with record performance in Prepared Foods and solid results in Chicken in a difficult environment. Total company adjusted return on sales was strong at 9.3%, as each of our segments performed within or above their normalized ranges. Our record adjusted EPS of $1.81 includes a $0.21 benefit from the impact of tax reform and is a 14% increase in adjusted EPS compared to $1.59 last year. Our operating cash flow for the first quarter was $1.1 billion, and we spent $296 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $121 million, as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.3 times on a pro forma basis, including AdvancePierre results for a full 12 months. We are committed to investment grade ratings. And with the strong cash flows we expect to generate organically, along with divestiture proceeds and additional cash from lower tax rates, we expect to bring our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to around 2 times by Q3 this year and we'll consider additional share repurchases when we reach this goal. Total liquidity was $1.1 billion at the end of Q1, including cash of $293 million. Net debt was $9.4 billion, a reduction of nearly $500 million, as we used our strong cash flows during the quarter, along with net proceeds of $125 million from the sale of a non-protein business, to pay down debt. Net interest expense was $86 million during Q1. For the quarter, diluted shares outstanding were 371 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the first quarter was 22.1%. We're excited about the positive impact the tax reform will have on the company, as both EPS and cash flow will be significantly impacted. Stewart will provide some additional details on the incremental cash flows in a moment. In the first quarter, we had a one-time non-cash tax benefit of $994 million related to a re-measurement of deferred tax liabilities to reflect the reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate. This impacted our GAAP effective tax rate significantly. We currently expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 24% in fiscal 2018 and 25% in fiscal 2019. As previously mentioned, our adjusted EPS benefited by $0.21 in the first quarter due to tax reform. The full year fiscal impact of tax reform is expected to increase our adjusted EPS by an incremental $0.85 from our previously-stated guidance. Before I turn it over to Stewart, who'll walk us through our capital application priorities and fiscal 2018 outlook, I want you to know that Stewart is a great addition to the team. And I'm confident he will take us to the next level of our potential as a company. Stewart?
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Dennis, thank you for the kind words, and best of luck to you. I'm happy to be here and excited about the fundamentals we have to work with. Tyson is in an enviable position as the largest food company in the U.S. It has an increasingly branded product portfolio and a strong team, whose record speaks for itself. And while we expect over $300 million of incremental cash flows as a result of tax reform, our capital allocation priorities have not changed. We will continue to be disciplined in our long-term focus on driving shareholder value, as we plan to continue to use our cash to reduce debt and grow our businesses organically through sustainable operational efficiency and capital expansion projects, along with investing in innovation and brand building. Also, we will still have the flexibility to acquire businesses that support our strategic objectives, along with returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, while maintaining plenty of liquidity and investment-grade credit ratings. Now, here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2018. We expect top line sales growth of around 6% to 7% to approximately $41 billion. The expected increase is attributed to base volume growth and incremental AdvancePierre sales of approximately $1.1 billion. Net interest expense should approximate $335 million. As Dennis mentioned, we currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 24%, which reflects the impact of tax reform. CapEx is expected to approximate $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, which is up about $100 million from our previous guidance due to incremental tax reform investments, as we accelerate spending on additional capital projects to further unlock operational improvements with a focus on sustainability and innovation. Based on our average share price in Q1, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 371 million before share repurchases. Overall, Q1 was a great quarter, with more than $100 million improvement in our value-added segments, Chicken and Prepared Foods. The remainder of fiscal 2018 is consistent with how we viewed it coming into this year. And with the incremental impact related to tax reform of $0.85, we are now raising our annual adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $6.55 to $6.70. To be clear, our previous guidance has not changed other than accounting for the positive impact of tax reform. This new range is approximately 23% to 26% of the fiscal 2017 adjusted EPS and represents a 5-year compounded annual growth rate of approximately 24%. In closing, our Q2 is historically choppy. And with added margin pressure and increased freight and labor, as Tom described, this Q2 will be no different. However, despite these challenges, we do expect Q2 earnings growth compared to prior year on both a pre-and post-tax reform basis as we remain focused on executing our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Glendinning. Ladies and gentlemen, we will begin the question-and-answer session. And your first question will come from Jeremy Scott of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning. And thank you, Dennis, for everything, and best of luck to you in the future.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Jeremy.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I just wanted to ask on Prepared Foods, clearly, a strong quarter at 11.9% and you upped your synergy target for the year, but you nudged down the guidance 11% to 12%. Is this primarily the freight issue that you called out? And as you move through the year, can you give us a sense of how much that $200 million – how much of that $200 million you are going to have to eat and how much can be passed through and maybe frame it quarter to quarter? It sounds like 2Q, you're going to have the brunt of it. But if you'd help us with the next quarter and the back half of the year, that'd be helpful.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, sure. Hey, Jeremy. It's Tom. Absolutely. It's great performance in the first quarter. We're extraordinarily excited about it. We're extraordinarily pleased and proud of the team and what they've been able to do. As you called out, freight is a tough one. I mean, it's affecting all of our business so, to be clear, not just Prepared Foods. So, we do plan to and are in the middle of pricing for it, and it's not always easy to do that. But it's something that we have to do because it's a cost. We got to pass it through. And ultimately, the consumer is going to pay for it at some point, but it's – to say how it's going to actually hit every quarter, I can't give you that specificity. But suffice it to say, we feel great about Prepared Foods business. It's still early. It's Q1. Typically, Q4 is little bit challenging for us, as you know. So, the mix of products would be different, consumption base, schools being of season and so forth. But we think that the year is going to be fantastic. We're guiding to around 11%, and we will overcome the challenges that we have with freight.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Great. And maybe on the – just on that same issue, you called out it impacted every segment. Can you give us a sense of the impact in the quarter across each of your segments?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Not the quarter. We told, for the year, it's about $200 million, but not specific for the quarter. We can't. Sorry.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. I'll jump back in. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Good morning, and congratulations, Dennis. I hope you enjoy your retirement.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thank you.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Yes, you're welcome. On Chicken margins, you mentioned a difficult environment during Q1. And clearly, we saw the dynamics in breast meat and wings. But you guys are a net buyer of breast meat. And so, I was just wondering if you could – because Chicken – if you take away the non-recurring comp costs from Q1 of 2017, Chicken was essentially flat year-on-year. So, I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you're talking about when you say it was a difficult environment.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. So, the – it's what we talked about earlier with Jeremy, Heather. It's between the freight and weather. There were some issues, certainly, that affected us. But what I'll say is we believe it will be around 11% for the year. And it's critical that we recover these increased freight costs. We're pretty tight right now. We are very full. We have a lot going for us, and that's a good thing on one hand. On the other hand, to the extent that we have any bumps on the road, it does cause us to maybe work not as efficiently as we potentially could have. , o it's really freight and labor. We're overcoming that. We're getting on top of whatever little inefficiency that creates. But I'll just refocus you back on the full year margins of 11%. We're extraordinarily excited about that. And then, not for nothing, you got to look at the growth. The growth in the Chicken segment is phenomenal, right, compared to our competitors – even our own expectations. I mean, I am so proud of what that team has been able to do.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: No, it's impressive that you're able to maintain your margin in the face of the freight issues. It's a difficult environment to be taking price in. And so, I was just wondering, based upon the discussions you've had thus far, I mean, what's your level of confidence that you're going to be able to recover the majority of this and be able to make the guidance?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. It's pretty high. What I'll tell you is the sales team is great at representing what we do really well and the value that we provide. We are so focused on our customer's growth that nobody wants to take a price increase for sure, to be clear on that. However, we have partners, and they want to grow the business. They understand the value that we play in their overall growth, whether it's branded Tyson – which is growing like crazy – which I talked about, or private label products. So, not an easy discussion, absolutely. But the sales team is after it. And I feel very bullish about our prospects of getting that ball covered.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer, CFA - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. It's actually Tom Palmer on for Ken. Just had a couple of quick ones. First, wanted to ask – and I guess some of this relates to the accounting. But your decision to exclude the employee bonuses from adjusted EPS (00:26:17) ask about kind of how the tax rate flowed through in the first quarter, it looks like for the remainder of the year you're actually guiding for a slightly higher tax rate as the year progresses. So, just kind of wondering, were there certain non-recurring items in that first quarter?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I'm going to turn it over to Stewart here in a minute, Tom. But you're in for Ken Goldman. I do have to say congratulations to Ken for the Eagles' victory. I'm sure he's at the parade today or something. Being a Pats fan, it was terrible for us. But hey, congratulations to Ken. Please pass that on for me.
Tom Palmer, CFA - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I will. He was very excited.
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I've only been here a month, but that's a big statement coming from Tom. So, anyway, listen, back to business. So, two points here. First of all, your question on why did we choose not to adjust, look, that expense is coming as we pay out the $100 million. You're going to have a huge amount of transparency to that, so whether I adjust for it, don't adjust for it, you're going to know the $100 million is there and you can decide how to put that into your models. I can commit to giving you transparency, as you say. Relative to the tax rates, because of the timing of tax reform, we take out three quarters of benefit this year. We'll pick up full four quarters next year. There is a bit of an oddity in that the tax rate goes up next year for us, and that is simply because whilst the better rate is coming down, we do get a domestic production credit which exists in fiscal 2018 which is not there in 2019. And so, that takes us back by a few percentage points in 2019. But I would just look back at the, in total, our tax rate goes down dramatically and there will be a lot more resources available for the company. So, net-net, good result.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: This is Ken. I just heard I got called out, so I had to jump in and just say fly, Eagles, fly.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Oh, man. Congratulations, man.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. I'm sorry it couldn't be on the call. Tom is taking care of it. Take care.
Tom Palmer, CFA - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I Just had a second follow-up just on the general pricing environment across different segments, including Prepared Foods. You mentioned that a lot of the labor issues will be offset – or rising labor costs will be offset by pricing. It – we cover the retailers and have seen a little bit of compression on their end and a little bit of pushback on pricing. What are you seeing? Anything in terms of challenges? Are you seeing differentiated product that's still able to pass on that pricing?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. Tom, I'll just start reiterating what I just said when Heather asked the question. For us, it's a matter of the value that we provide. And certainly, some customers are going to be more challenging than others, depending upon what our relationship is. The ones that are most strategic get it. If we have transactional relationships, yes, it's going to be tougher. But I'd say, overall, I'll just reiterate, we feel very bullish about our ability to price for our products because of the value we provide.
Tom Palmer, CFA - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Question about AdvancePierre. Just wanted to understand, is your sales guidance kind of down about $50 million to $75 million? And is that an SKU rationalization program versus your prior guidance?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No. We're not down. I think the overall is up. AdvancePierre is strong, as well. They continue to perform in line with our expectations now. Remember, the results are split, all right? It's between Prepared Foods and Poultry. And we're probably not going to be talking a lot about this in the future, parsing out AdvancePierre right with the base business. They're part of the team. I would say the integration has gone extraordinarily well. We're really excited about the growth potential they're providing in all areas of our business on all channels. So, I wouldn't take away that the business is underperforming. If anything, I think it's having a real positive impact, not just on the product lines but also the team members that are now a part of the Prepared Foods and the Poultry business that are helping us grow.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, in beef, you had a particularly strong quarter and you've had a very strong guidance for the full year. Given the latest Cattle on Feed report, we had some questions on the beef cycle. How long do we expect it to last and kind of how you're thinking about your Beef business over the next few years?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, sure. Yes, we are really proud of our results in the first quarter. I mean, 6.6% is an excellent result. Like I said, we projected about 6% for the full fiscal year. I will hurry on to say Q2 is going to be a little choppy, right? It's exhibiting sort of the same thing since I've been with the company. And certainly, the history happens in the market. But as it relates to where we are with the cattle cycle, the structural nature of the business, we have pretty good visibility into 2019 and 2020 at this point. We see the number of animals that are out there. Exports, a major part of the revenue stream, up 10% year-over-year for the industry. As we say on most calls, it's not every call. It's a very regional business, and we like the regions we're in. So, as Beef changed structurally, what I'd say is the cycle correlates to long-term producer profitability. We've done a nice job expanding our revenue opportunity with premium programs. We had continued to talk about it even over this past week, the excellent progress we're making in getting our premium programs out to our retailers and our foodservice operators as we continue to margin up that part of the business. And I'm really proud of the team for the work we're doing there. But from an overall outlook perspective, we're bullish, no pun intended.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you. And, Dennis, best wishes to you. Thank you for your patience over the years with us sell-siders.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thank you.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I have to follow up on Farha's question about the sales guidance for AdvancePierre because, specifically, the full year guidance for Prepared Foods, was $1.35 billion for the full 12 months. And now, it's $1.3 billion. And then, for Chicken, it was also lowered by about $20 million. So, I think the numbers are lower. Can you help us understand why?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. The only thing that I could say is maybe there's some deflation in there that might be accounted. Rob, we're going to have to come back to you on that. Jon will take that with you after the call because we're not connecting the dots on the same thing that you are.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And on the Pork segment, I think you lowered your outlook for the hog supply quite a bit. Is that specifically in line with what the USDA is saying about fewer hog supplies coming to the market? And can you give us a sense of what the drivers behind it and how it affects your operations just all through the pork complex?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. Sure. So, we do see margin compression. We talked about that. We saw it coming, or knew it was going to come when we had our call last quarter. So, it's playing out about as we expected. New players enter the market. The pie gets cut up a bit differently. They try to find supply of hogs and margin is compressed in the short run. Now, how long that lasts, who knows? It sort of levels out at some point. I'll say that all of our assumptions are built into our annual outlook, which is 9%, which is above our normalized range. So, yes, it's not as stellar as it was last year. But certainly, 9% is a number that we're proud of. We're not having trouble with getting hogs. We're seeing more hogs coming. I think the hog supply will meet the harvest capacity. The same thing is always true. As new entrants come in, they take a while to assimilate. This is going back decades ago. It's something as it continues to build, it happens the same way. We're a great established processor, especially with the team that we have. We'll work our way through it. I'm not going to comment on anybody else's business but our own. But I'll say that we feel like we're in a good spot.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Just so I'm clear, though, you're saying hog farmers are only going to increase supply 1% to 2%. Before, it was 3%. So, is there something going on with what hog farmer intentions are for farrowings?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, I don't know. Look, that's not something that we feel that there's a – it's going to be continuing to increase. We feel like there's – as far as we're concerned, we're going to have the hogs that we need. But I can't parse the numbers that closely, Rob.
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. Rob, I would just say, look, the driver in the marketplace here is less about the hog supply and more about the processing capability. There are new plants that have opened. And as those new plants have opened, that's changed some of the dynamic, at least, in the short run in the industry. So, happy for Jon to pick up in more detail on the hog supply, but I would say focus less on the supply and more on the processing capacity in the industry.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: It just seems like if the capacity keeps going higher and the hog supply keeps going lower, it's a dangerous cocktail. But thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: We don't imagine that happening. I think the hog supply will be there for the capacity. Exports are continuing to be extraordinarily strong. We're not at all worried about that, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, no worries.
Operator: The next question will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And let me just add on to, Dennis, your congratulations and best wishes.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thank you.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I want to go back to the Chicken business a little bit and thinking about the outlook and really trying to understand some of the margin drivers to get to the 11% for the year. Obviously, the first fiscal quarter, we're starting below that. And year-over-year, the profit increase was fairly modest and the 11% guidance with an increased volume forecast actually points to a nice acceleration from the back half of the year. Can you help me think about that? I mean, you talked in the Q of $30 million of freight, growout and outside meat purchase inflation, which matters, but it's not an enormous delta. I'm just trying to think about is the expectation that you're going to get significant acceleration in pricing, much better mix, productivity on the cost side, layout of feed costs? Just help me think about kind of the drivers that point to a nice acceleration in profit growth in Chicken over the balance of the year.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. Sure. So, FY 2017 came in $1.1 billion thereabouts, and we have consistently been working on improving our cost structures. That's maybe an element that may be discounted in your model, I'm not sure. But that overall improved cost structure will deliver about $150 million as we roll out the Tyson productivity system throughout the entire business. It's been extraordinarily successful. This is something that we've talked about a bit, maybe not in as much detail. APF adds, in terms of Chicken margins, it's a bit smaller. But there are other financial fitness objectives that we have beyond just the TPS that are procurement-related and so forth that are not small, probably $70 million, $75 million. And then, as you call out, the volume mix is going to contribute. So, for all those reasons, we're confident about that 11% margin.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And I just want to kind of follow up. On the quarter, I think, Tom, in your prepared remarks, you made an allusion to small bird pricing being challenging. Maybe expand on that. And just the volume mix in the quarter was quite healthy and you didn't see the leverage in the fiscal first quarter. Just trying to understand why.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. So, similar dynamic to what we've seen in the past. Small bird margins can be challenged. A lot of small bird production that's come on. We feel like we're in a good spot to create value, but we also see that those rotisserie, that rotisserie bird business – the deli business – is a challenging pricing dynamic, as that becomes, adds more supply against it. So, yes, it's been a bit of an issue for us. But as I said, nothing that we're going to – it's going to cause us not to overcome that with other areas. And I would add – to point you back to my comments on the value-added business, both the retail and foodservice, which was predominately the big bird side of it, our experience has been extraordinary. So, the Green Forest plant that we spent on last year, $135 million, came up running well. And I would say that we will be fully taking advantage of that and be prepared to build new capacity because we need to support the growth there. But, yes, we're going to have from time to time parts of our business that are going to be difficult. There's no question about it. But over time what you should see is our margin variability is not something that you should be concerned about. It should be overall sort of moving in the right direction. But there will be some areas that will be tough from time to time.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning, and congratulations, Dennis. Just wanted to touch a little bit here on beef. The margins have come down. And obviously, there's some seasonality to that. But in terms of your outlook, it sounds like you took your guidance up for the year. And if you could just sort of talk about kind of the cadence, maybe even looking further out in terms of how you see the cattle supply evolving. And is there any chance that some of the previously idle capacity might come back online?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. So, I can't talk about the previously idle capacity. What I can say, Michael, is that we have, like I said earlier, good visibility into the cattle that's out there. We see the number of animals, so that's certainly good for us. The Cattle on Feed report looks good. And they have to come to market, so that's what causes us to be in the space we are as it relates to our margin profile, which is 6%, is good on that business, as you know. Now, as it relates to the quarter-to-quarter cadence, I can't get into that because it's just something that you can't predict with that level of certainty. What I'd take you back to is how we've been describing our business overall. I mean, we're a powerful engine for growth as the largest U.S. food company continuing to grow past the industry in almost any area. You need to look at what our business is in the first half and in the second half because we will have movement quarter-to-quarter. But the cattle cycle, we feel like we're in a good spot. And it's going to be a choppy Q2, as always. But we feel great about the balance of the year.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And as a follow-up, maybe if you could talk a little bit about your expectations for export demand, really, for all three proteins over the remainder of the year and any concerns maybe over NAFTA. Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Export demands, we don't have concern. But for – I will talk about NAFTA but we feel really strong about all of our exports continuing to be double digits. We're very excited about, not only let's say, just the overall export environment but, in particular, how Tyson performs in that environment because our customers enjoy our product, enjoy our service. And our team has built tremendous capability there. As it relates to NAFTA, we need – there's no secret, we want it to be sort of left as is. And certainly the areas that need to be modernized as it relates to elements of the agreement, absolutely, and we fully support that. However, Canada is a large trading partner for us, maybe fourth or fifth largest. Mexico is large as well. And so we want that to continue, and we're hopeful that we'll get to a place that is win-win for everybody. And certainly as it relates to agriculture, do no harm. That's a message that we've been talking about no matter where we are. I've been around the world talking about it, we have been with team members that I've talked to as many as people as we can get a hold of to – it's got to support agriculture through making NAFTA, keeping where we are.
Operator: The next question will be from David Palmer of RBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good morning. Kevin Lehmann in for Dave. I just want to say, Dennis, congratulations and good luck, and, Stewart, welcome. Welcome aboard.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin.
Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I want to ask about the core branded retail business which, excluding an SD there, the data is going to be showing around down 2% in the quarter, I think that's because of some noise in the numbers lately, particularly from the frozen trade backside. So can you help us understand better the true run rate for U.S. retail now maybe without stealing any thunder from CAGNY, consider maybe introducing a pipeline and maybe some early winds from already launched innovation at resale? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, so you just hit the nail on the head. The CAGNY presentation, if you happened to attend, probably most of the analysts on this call will, but we're really excited about talking to you at CAGNY. We've got a lot of good stuff, not just innovation, by the way. But in the IRI Nielsen data last month, there was a coding error in our data set. A large customer has changed UPC codes and data providers just hadn't picked it up. So it was sort of a, say, a one-time glitch. It affected our prepackaged ground beef business. So the volume for the year and the volume was in last year did not pick up there year, volume runs at a rate of about 10% of our total retail sales volume, without the error relatively flat. Got a few losses occurring in some categories. I told you about last quarter, we took some pricing. So importantly, we're now lapping sort of huge comps from a year ago, but as we took the pricing that's going to have an effect. Our data providers expect all this to be cleaned up next month by March. But Core 9 Tyson volumes were not affected. And as we've talked – looked through all the data on the Core 9, the areas where we took price and we were going to see some share, we did, and areas where we wanted to continue to be on the same track, and we've actually met or exceeded the growth we have. Again, going back to the year-over-year comps were tough. And I've got to point to Jimmy Dean. If you continue to look at Jimmy Dean frozen protein breakfast, unbelievable. The growth there has been best in class for helping drive the total frozen category. And to finish with CAGNY as I started, you'll see some new things there that hopefully you'll be as excited as we are, because that business is on fire.
Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question and, Dennis, congratulations, and thanks for everything you've done. My first question is on Chicken. Can you help us understand what's embedded in your outlook as it relates to the demand and supply in the industry? Just trying to get a high level view of are you expecting to operate in an equally tough environment that you saw in this quarter because it was a tough environment, and you outperformed the industry very nicely. So just wanted to get a sense of, does your plan assume the industry gets better, or it stays the same?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Akshay. The USDA estimates about 2% growth. It's in line with consumer demand growth. Our demand has been, like we said, extraordinarily strong this year. Because of demand strength, we're building the new plant in Tennessee, but that will not be in the short run, that's certainly for the long run. What I'd say is, we're more focused on what is our supply versus our demand. We love where we're positioned. Our demand is very good. If production rises, it will help with the economics and buy versus grow program, which you know. You called out how we performed in the industry. We are extraordinarily excited about it. The breeder flock seems to be less of a leading indicator than it used to be for – I think some people have probably looked at that, but for us, the environment looks good and relatively balanced.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And then just one on the increased CapEx spend as it relates to the tax. The lower tax rate, it's more of a longer-term question. So can you give us a sense of where you're spending this capital? I mean, not necessarily the incremental $100 million but you mentioned technology a couple of times here in your press release and your remarks. Can you give us a sense of what you're seeing out there in terms of technology enablers and how meaningful they might be in unlocking even more savings than what you've announced? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. I'm going to ask Stewart to answer that. I'm going to come back to your first question just a bit, too. Remember, Q2 is choppy and Q2 on all of our businesses, we've had tough weather and certainly that doesn't help with our people are trying to get to plants and they have production that is not what it needs to be. So Q2 is certainly a challenge, just to make a footnote there. And then, Stewart, do you want to take the capital question?
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. Look, Akshay, we – first of all, let's step back. This company has very, very strong cash flows and has the benefit of being able to pull a wide range of levers as it relates to capital allocation and tax reform. By adding another $300-plus million, it's going to do nothing but help that scenario. When you look at where we're deploying the cash this year, yes. You point to the $100 million of one-time bonuses. The additional money that we expect to spend that we've talked about is around what we call high-return capital projects. Some of those involve technology, and you're right. Technology makes a big difference in this business; whether that's our automation in plants or whether that's systems in the back of the house that allow for greater back-house efficiency, both of those are included in our project. But what I've been really excited about as I've come into this company is to see that the long backlog of very powerful, strong ROIC capital returns, and this extra cash is just allowing us to drive that a little bit harder and faster.
Operator: The next question will come from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. This is John Colantuoni for Morgan Stanley. Thanks for the question. My question is on guidance. Guidance went up in line with the benefit of lower taxes, but it sounds like you're expecting to sell the two remaining non-protein businesses later than originally expected, and at the same time, guidance doesn't include the $100 million in cash bonuses planned for the second quarter. Can you just explain how you're thinking about all the dynamics of guidance? I'm just trying to understand whether you're being conservative here.
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: John. Okay. Well, let's take the $100 million first. The $100 million will be part of our adjustments as we give you adjusted earnings. Why do we do that? Because we've got a set of rules that we've used around adjusted earnings that we're following consistently. As I answered earlier in the call, you'll have the benefit of the full transparency around the $100 million. So you know that it's there. It is not included in the adjusted guidance, so first point. Second point, your second part of your question was what happens with Frozen Foods, such as the Sarah Lee business. Yes, that will be in our numbers for longer. But when you look at the moving parts around that transaction costs – holding cost. Actually, the number's not really material to the total guidance range. And for that reason, it's embedded in our outlook.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So just to confirm, the sales from those two businesses were included in the reported sales for this quarter? And there will be a portion of them included in sales for the upcoming quarters as well, is that right?
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: What I'm saying is, yes. We don't expect to see any dramatic influence on our guidance around EPS related to the holding of these businesses.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then I just had a quick question on hog prices. We observed hog prices that are up, were up about 20% year-on-year since September. And even despite this increase, they remain significantly below the 5 and 10-year averages. Can you discuss your expectation for hog prices as the year progresses and whether the price movements thus far this year are consistent with your initial expectations?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No, let me just say that what we can talk about is the spread. As prices move, we are in a spread business and we continue to like how that plays out for us. And I'm just going to repeat, we're not having trouble getting hogs. We're seeing more hogs coming. So when you're in a spread business and you have good supply equals good results for us.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you for the questions.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah.
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I would just add by saying that I mean that's why we give the guidance and our expectations are currently embedded in that.
Operator: The next question will be from Brett Wong of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my question here. As you spoke about, obviously, we're seeing higher costs impact margins right now. But as you look longer-term, I just wanted to get your thoughts around what you think normal margins will look like. And it seems there needs to be some aspect of a reset here, specifically for Beef and Pork. And then just on top of that, when do you think we can get to the 12% to 14% Prepared Foods margins that you've talked about and what will drive that? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. So, Brett, I would say the margins that we guided to is what we expect for 2018. And we had talked about last quarter after the close of Q2, we'll come back and probably share what we think the margin ranges should be longer-term given where we see those businesses. And we're happy with where we are, certainly on Beef and Pork. As it relates to Prepared Foods margins, I expect it's going to continue to go north. So that business, we're fueling it with capital and the innovation that Sally Grimes and the team are driving is spectacular. So I'd say that to be in the 12% to 14% range feels right. When that is, I can't commit to if this is going to happen exactly this quarter or this fiscal year. But our innovation efforts are really kicking in and paying back, which we're extraordinarily excited about. Being in the right categories, in the right part of the store, we're competing in the fresh perimeter, integrating assets like AdvancePierre and Original Philly. Certainly, we have done extraordinarily well integrating those assets, looking for more to bolt on should be in your thought process. Now, on the synergy capture and financial fitness mindset that we have in continuous improvement, certainly plays out in all of our businesses but in Prepared Foods, that's no small matter. The team has does extraordinary work. George Chappelle and the group in the operations team has continued to make our operations even better and we're well diversified. We've got a great consumer business, great foodservice business, customer brands and private label. So like we said, 2018 will be around 11%, but longer-term, you should be thinking of that business in the 12% to 14% range.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's very helpful. Thank you. I just want a quick follow-up on that. You talked about kind of some of the synergies as you've integrated AdvancePierre, and I know you're not really going to break this stuff out kind of going forward as much, but just wondering kind of what revenue synergies you're going to be seeing as you're integrating that? Obviously, you've talked about the cost synergies in the past.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. So I would say there are some retailers that we have been working with that we weren't in some private label categories, which we are now in. We didn't have the capacity. We didn't have maybe the products. And so that's point number one. Point number two is, on the foodservice business, we are extraordinarily excited about now the breadth of offering that we play. We were a valuable, certainly, supplier before as collective Tyson Foods, and now even more valuable. Philly steak is a huge product. It's got tremendous tailwinds. People are eating it. They like the protein value. They like the taste, which, oh, by the way, always matters. And so the revenue synergies we're starting to see come in the form of foodservice and foodservice convenience. I would say retail, customer brands and also the perimeter of the retail store. So what's nice about it is it hits almost every single channel that we do business in, which that breadth really helps our portfolio. It allows us to continue with the earnings power that we have.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks so much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from David Carlson of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Carlson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thank you for taking my question. Hey, Tom, the Beef segment operating results were substantially better than we were anticipating during the fiscal first. And then also the guidance, you nudged a little higher for the full-year. You mentioned overall beef exports, I believe, up 10%, but can you give us a sense of the export volume growth for Tyson during the quarter? And are you seeing exports accounting for a higher mix of sales and profits in the Beef segment? And then any commentary you might have related to China which, I guess, in all reality, is still relatively early stage. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, so I'll start with China. China is still small. We're hoping for something bigger, but certainly exports are up and it's part of that overall revenue stream. I think I mentioned this, but maybe I didn't. It's up 10% year-over-year for the industry, so we don't necessarily give specific guidance as it relates to our import growth. But let me go back to another thing I said. As you were happy with the margins, so are we. There is so much work going on in attributes, so Open Prairie, and the team has focused on how do we take attributes, move them into the marketplace, hit a higher margin, continue to brand the beef products that we sell either to retailers or foodservice customers, and that's really helpful. And what I would continue to have you look at is quarter-to-quarter, our progress in that area. We'll probably be more specific about what those growth rates look like in our branded beef business and our specialty cuts, certainly, on an export basis, give us a great position to continue to take advantage of that strong export volume.
David Carlson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: And the final question this morning will be from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Ken.
Stewart F. Glendinning - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Morning.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So you've gone through a lot of issues from the increased cost structure, from fuel and all that, but yet you're keeping your guidance largely in line with what you previous is, so what's actually going better?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Well, what I'd say is everything is going well, but we have the areas of our business that just continue to accelerate based on what we put in place in the last 12 or 18 months. You've heard us talk consistently about innovation and brand building, right? And so, Ken, if I were to point to one thing, I'd say that. Those efforts are paying off and they're paying off not just with the volume of those products, but also how customers are interacting with us. They look to us for growth and we are partnering with them. And so, yes, if I were to point on one thing, it would be that. And then coming back to the costs, those two things work in tandem. The ability for us to overcome cost that hit us, not just us but sort of industry-wide thing, it's easier for us to deal when we have those relationships with the customers. And good question, I'd point to innovation.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And just my follow-on is can you give us some anecdotal changes that's happening because of AdvancePierre?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Anecdotal changes? I think you're talking about like just...
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): How is your outlook changing? What is the addition of AdvancePierre, how is that affecting the – what are some – you talked about cost savings throughout, but what are anecdotes of like what is actually – how were the costs been coming out? What is changing? Are you changing how Jimmy Dean sandwiches are made? Are you changing – what's going on that's changing?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Okay. Yes.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): On a more realistic level that we can relate to?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Okay. Procurement. We have stronger contracts with our suppliers and so the procurement certainly has been a big area of focus for us. The sandwich-making, what it's allowed us to do is bringing what AdvancePierre did really well in sandwich-making, particularly on customer brands, and what we have done historically well with Jimmy Dean. There are some things that they were doing much better, and there are some things that we were doing much better. So, as a specific example, as we design the network going forward, we're taking the best of both and making sure that we're executing those. You've heard us talk about the approach to operational excellence that AdvancePierre had. They call it the APF way. We have taken the APF way, embraced it, and the team and led by George Chappelle, is running the entire Prepared Foods business now with that in mind. The accountability, the focus on lean, and so making sure that we take out any non-value-added costs. I'd say that's number two. And number three is the agility. So we haven't talked about this in a while, but the agility that the AdvancePierre team brings. They are constantly pushing us to make decisions faster, to be as customer-focused as we can be, and it's had an impact. Sally is running the business. They're doing things that are different and so I think being more agile for the customer, more focused on growth we already were, but I think that's making sure that customers' at the center of the table, that's a strong part of this.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, you're welcome.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Tom Hayes for his closing remarks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Okay. Well, thanks for the great questions. I appreciate your continued interest in Tyson and couldn't be happier with where we are. So thank you very much for that. I will say thank you to all of our team members that are listening around at the plants and also in our headquarters locations. We have had a fantastic start to the year. We've got work to do. I know we've got the best team to do it. Very excited and I will say we are off to a great start. Another record year. We're confident in our ability to sustainably feed the world with the fastest-growing protein brands. And as of that, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc. Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc. Stewart F. Glendinning - Molson Coors Brewing Company Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Heather Jones - Vertical Group Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Benjamin M. Theurer - Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa SA de CV David Carlson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Incorporated fourth quarter earnings conference call of the 2017 fiscal year. On today's call are Tom Hayes, President and Chief Executive Officer and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also with us is Stewart Glendinning, who will become our Chief Financial Officer, effective February 10, 2018. Of course, it's a little early to expect him to answer any questions. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplemental report on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings release this morning, which has been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, November 13, 2017, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods, and any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Hayes.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much, Jon, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us as we wrap up another record year. I want to start by acknowledging the announcement that we made last Wednesday about our CFO transition from Dennis to Stewart. We have company-wide townhall meetings after these earnings calls each quarter that we call those Team Talk. And so, we're just absolutely thrilled that Stewart can be here with us, so he has a chance to meet folks in person. And this is Dennis' second to last earnings call, and it's bittersweet, but Tyson has had the pleasure of having Dennis on the team for many, many years. As you know, he's been the CFO since 2008 and nearly 30 years with the company, countless contributions. He's been an integral part of my first year as CEO. So, Dennis, on behalf of everybody at Tyson, let me just publicly say thank you for everything you've done for the company. And we appreciate you, we thank you, and we're going to be looking forward to having a proper sendoff in the spring. But right now – Stewart, also welcome. Thanks for joining us today. As you know, he has some big shoes to fill, but we're happy to have you. And just thrilled that you made the decision to join the Tyson Foods family, and we're looking forward to the massive contributions we absolutely know that you'll make.
Stewart F. Glendinning - Molson Coors Brewing Company: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I'm really happy I could be here today, and very excited about starting officially in December.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Excellent. So, we have some work to do, so let's get to it. So we delivered our overall goal of at least 4% operating income growth, EPS growth in the high single digits, and 3% volume growth in value-added products. Fiscal 2017 was a year of great change, and despite some challenges, our team remained focused on delivering for the long term for our shareowners, and driving demand for consumer relevant products through innovation, customer growth and through category leadership, initiating to transformation to a more agile and efficient organization structure to accelerate growth and sustainability. Not only did we deliver exceptional results, we also strengthened our ability to lead change and grow in a dynamic marketplace, while delivering ongoing financial fitness. In the fourth quarter, adjusted EPS was up 49% over last year, and full year adjusted EPS was up 21%, to $5.31. Turning the page on a significant company milestone, we successfully completed the integration of synergy capture related to Hillshire with three-year synergies totaling $670 million. We now pivot to our ongoing Financial Fitness program in which we expect to achieve $200 million in savings in fiscal 2018 through a combination of synergies from the integration of AdvancePierre and other cost savings. As I've stated before, while the majority of the Hillshire synergies were reinvested to grow the company, Financial Fitness savings will fall directly to the bottom line. Looking at the top 10 CPG retail food manufacturers in our fiscal 2017, our Core 9 product lines and total Tyson outperformed total food and beverage in dollar growth, and outperformed all but one company in volume growth. As expected, we saw volume decline related to pricing we decided to take in a few categories, and I'll talk more about that later. So now let's move on to the operating segments and take a look back at Q4 and fiscal 2017. All operating income and operating margin references I will make are on an adjusted basis. In the Beef segment, in the fourth quarter, we produced operating income of $313 million with an 8.2% operating margin. Sales volume was up 3.3% on 6% higher average price. For the fiscal year, operating income was a record $885 million with a 6% operating margin. Sales volume was up 1.8% on 0.4% higher average price. The Beef segment benefited from cattle availability, strong domestic demand, and increased exports. As we begin fiscal 2018, industry cattle supplies are projected to increase 1% to 2% this year, and we expect ample supplies in the regions where our plants are located. With strong export demand expected to continue due to increased global protein demand, we believe the Beef segment's operating margin should be above 5%. In the Pork segment, fourth quarter operating income was $124 million with a 9.1% operating margin. Sales volume declined 1.2% as average price increased 11.7%. For the fiscal year, operating income was a record $648 million with a 12.4% operating margin. Sales volume for the year was up 0.6% on 6.1% higher average price. In 2017, the Pork segment benefited from strong exports, and we expect this to continue into 2018. As we begin our fiscal year, we're seeing counter-seasonal margin compression as new capacity comes online. The industry is in a transition period while new facilities secure their hog supplies. This is playing out as we had expected, and the impact is built into our guidance assumptions. With hog supplies projected to increase 3% in fiscal 2018, there should be ample supply. We think our production capabilities will give us an advantage in the long term. We anticipate our Pork segment margins will be above 9% for the year, and while this doesn't reach a level of performance in 2017, it's still above the 6% to 8% normalized operating margin range. Both our Beef and Pork segments are doing well, despite tight labor markets. We believe our efforts in increasing wages, running chain speeds efficiently, focusing on safety and staffing, have resulted in less turnover and improved efficiency now and will so over the long run. Also in the Beef and Pork segments, we saw record sales and volumes for our Open Prairie Natural brand of fresh meats. Consumer demand is growing double digits for our no antibiotics ever and no added hormones natural fresh meats. And we intend to provide consumers and customers with the product attributes they're looking for. Favorable market fundamentals, maximizing revenue on a per head basis and operational excellence at the plant level contributed to our Beef and Pork segments' record performance this fiscal year. In the Chicken segment in the fourth quarter, operating income was $322 million with a 10.6% operating margin. Volume was up 4.1% on 3.7% higher price. For the fiscal year, Chicken segment's operating income was more than $1.1 billion with a 9.8% margin. Sales volume was up 1.2% attributed to strong demand and incremental volume from AdvancePierre. Average price was up 3.1%. Chicken demand remains strong. With our leading brand position, Tyson has an advantage. Strong growth in premium and branded fresh chicken products was a key driver in sales dollar growth. Converting our retail Tyson-branded chicken to no antibiotics ever was a significant accomplishment in 2017, and we've been very successful from both a production and a sales perspective. Core Tyson frozen fully cooked chicken sales have responded well to increased advertising, highlighting the NAE attribute. And volume and share has been growing now for five consecutive quarters. In FY 2017, we increased dollar and volume share 1.2 points and 1.7 points, respectively, across channels. We're continuing the evolution of the Tyson master brand, and we're in the process of modernizing our retail packaging and graphics. This will start showing up on shelves in early calendar year 2018. Additionally, we continue to increase our focus on Tyson-branded innovation, with 86% of our new product concepts scoring either Outstanding or Ready Now compared to only 30% in the competitive benchmark. This gives us great confidence in our pipeline of new products. In foodservice, our chicken sales volume increased more than 10%, with value-added products outpacing the category due in part to our QSRs customers' successful limited time offers featuring chicken. Within broadline distribution, Tyson had a one-third share of total chicken and continues to gain share, driven by double-digit growth in value-added Tyson-branded chicken. To wrap up the Chicken segment, in fiscal 2018, we expect operating margin to improve to around 11%, importantly, with around a 3% volume growth. Moving forward to Prepared Foods segment, in the fourth quarter, operating income was $152 million with a 6.7% operating margin. On our third quarter call, we said Prepared Foods margin would be between 7% and 8% for Q4. We came in just below projection due to our decision to buy out a raw material supply agreement, which sets us up well for FY 2018 and beyond. Excluding the short-term impact of that change, we were in line with our expectations. Volume for the quarter was up 9.5% with sales price up 12.5%. Incremental volume from AdvancePierre was primary contributors of the volume increase in Q4, offset by some seasonal softness in overall foodservice volume. For the 2017 fiscal year, Prepared Foods produced $675 million in operating income with an 8.6% operating margin. Volume for the year was up 3.2% with average price up 3.6%. Based on higher input costs, we took price increases in some categories, and while there's been an expected reduction in volume and share, it was necessary to position ourselves going into fiscal 2018. I'll also note that some of the branded volume declines in Q4 are being offset by growth in our customer branded business. Brands are very important to us, and while we're investing in our brands for long-term growth, our relationships with our customers are just as important. Customers look to us for category leadership and our ability to drive growth through our Tyson brands, in addition to being a reliable supplier for their brand. This is critical to driving relevance and total category growth. We have some smaller emerging brands that we call our rapid growth brands, and we're pleased with how well they're doing. Aidells continues on its growth trajectory, and Hillshire Snacking and Golden Island premium jerky are gaining traction, and we expect this to continue into fiscal 2018. We're strengthening our foundation in Prepared Foods. Sally Grimes has her team in place and are hard at work setting up the business for long-term success through a simultaneous focus on innovation and efficiency. The first quarter in Prepared Foods is off to a strong start, as we expected. Retail volume and share are likely to be down in Q1 for hotdogs, smoked sausage and breakfast sausage, but for the year, we expect growth. We expect the Prepared Foods segment to grow volume around 10% and produce returns between 11% and 12% for fiscal 2018. As we closed the sale of three non-protein businesses and further integrated AdvancePierre, we will continue to enhance margins of this great business. And now I'd like to turn from the segment reports to our customer channels. In the broadline distribution channel, we see both volume and dollar expansion. Total broadline volume grew 1.7%, while Tyson grew 4.5% and increased share. Our Focus 5 sales grew 10% over last year, nearly six times the rate of broadline distribution in total. The Focus 5 categories represent more than half of our total foodservice volume. In the retail channel, consumer trips were up, but the units purchased were down. This is believed to be attributed, at least in part, to the impact of the hurricanes. We continue to focus on innovation and brand building, and we have increased our total points of distribution on new products by more than 1,200 points. We're also expanding our footprint of retail stores. An IRI shelf audit showed that we gained an average of 4.3 linear feet per store in the U.S. over the previous year. That's 46 miles of additional shelf space overall. We have a strong pipeline of retail innovation with the successful testing of meal kits, more Hillshire Snacking expansion and a stronger ingredient meats portfolio coming in fiscal 2018. Our innovation vitality index was 13% for the fiscal year, which is a best-in-class range. In the C-Store channel, Convenience Store News recently recognized three of our products in its 21st annual Best New Products Awards: our Hillshire Farm bacon gouda premium chicken sausage, our western omelet wrap from AdvancePierre, and our ham and cheese stuffed Bosco Sticks. Bosco Sticks are stuffed breadsticks that are primarily sold to schools, but by marrying Tyson's scale and innovation expertise with the unique manufacturing capabilities of a small acquisition, we're able to develop new products for different channels. And with AdvancePierre, we're looking forward to even more of this type of innovation and growth. Today, before announcing the acquisition of Original Philly Cheesesteak Company, one of the nation's leading producers of raw and fully-cooked Philly-style cheesesteak and components and appetizers. This is a great tuck-in acquisition of a company highly regarded in the foodservice industry and a natural, strategic fit, combining our commercial and operational resources with their product portfolio. Original Philly is a strong, double-digit margin business with approximately $130 million of annual sales, and the transaction will be immediately accretive. Going forward, the majority of Original Philly's results will be reported in the Prepared Foods segment, with the remainder going to the Chicken segment. So, in closing, I'm extremely pleased we delivered another record year, but even more excited about the future of Tyson Foods. We are in the early stages of a transformation to become a more modern food company. We have a hardworking and resilient team that is leading change in a dynamic marketplace. Our entire Tyson Foods family remains squarely focused on growing the business through differentiated capabilities, delivering on ongoing financial fitness through continuous improvement, and sustaining our company and the world for future generations. That wraps up my prepared remarks, and now I'd like to turn it over to Dennis to take us through the financials. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We finished fiscal 2017 with a strong fourth quarter, as we delivered record EPS for our fifth consecutive year on a GAAP basis and sixth straight year on an adjusted basis. We have a lot to be excited about in fiscal 2018, and we expect another record year with more solid growth in both operating earnings and EPS. For fiscal 2017, total company adjusted return on sales was a record 8.5%. Adjusted operating income was also a record at $3.3 billion, representing a 15% increase compared to last year. This represents our fifth consecutive year of growth in operating income and return on sales. Our record adjusted EPS of $5.31 represents a 21% increase over $4.39 reported last year. Over a five-year period, our EPS compounded annual growth rate is over 22%, a measure few companies in the food space can claim. Our operating cash flow was $2.6 billion, and we invested $1.1 billion in capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $427 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. In addition to significant CapEx investments, we deployed our cash in fiscal 2017 by returning cash to shareholders by repurchasing over 10 million shares for more than $650 million. We paid down debt by more than $600 million since the AdvancePierre acquisition, and we increased our dividend in fiscal 2017 by 50% to an annual dividend rate of $0.90 per share. And as announced in the 10-K filed this morning, our board increased the annual dividend rate for fiscal 2018 by $0.30 to an annual rate of $1.20 per share, representing an increase of 33%. Our fiscal 2017 effective tax rate was 32.3% and, on an adjusted basis, was 33.8%. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.4 times on a pro forma basis, including AdvancePierre results for a full 12 months. We are committed to investment-grade ratings, and with the strong cash flows we expect to generate organically along with divestiture proceeds, we expect to bring our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to around 2 times by Q3 of fiscal 2018. When we reach this goal, we plan to resume our share buybacks at a level similar to our repurchases prior to the AdvancePierre acquisition. Including cash of $318 million, net debt was approximately $9.9 billion. Total liquidity was just over $1 billion. Net interest expense was $92 million during the fourth quarter and $272 million during fiscal 2017. For the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were 369 million. As announced earlier this year, we anticipate completing the sale of three non-protein businesses currently included in our Prepared Foods segment by the end of calendar 2017 or early calendar 2018. And we expect to use the proceeds to pay down debt. The net carrying value of these businesses at the end of our fourth quarter was $803 million, and we expect to record a net pre-tax gain as a result of their sale. As noted in our press release issued this morning, these businesses' results are excluded from our fiscal 2018 outlook. In addition, during our call at the end of September, we announced our Financial Fitness program, which is expected to contribute to the company's overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. Through a combination of synergies from the integration of AdvancePierre and additional cost optimization, the program is expected to result in net savings of $200 million in fiscal 2018; $400 million in fiscal 2019, including incremental net savings of $200 million; and $600 million in fiscal 2020, including incremental savings of another $200 million. The majority of these savings, which are focused on supply chain, procurement and overhead improvements, are expected to be realized in the Prepared Foods and Chicken segments. As Tom said earlier, these savings will fall to the bottom line. In the fourth quarter, we incurred $150 million of restructuring and related charges as part of this program. See our 10-K for further disclosure regarding this program. Now looking forward, here are some thoughts on fiscal 2018. We expect top line sales growth of around 7% to approximately $41 billion, which excludes the revenue of the three non-protein businesses held for sale. The expected increase is attributed to incremental AdvancePierre sales of $1.2 billion and increases in sales volumes at each of our segments. Net interest expense should approximate $325 million. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 34.5%. CapEx is expected to approximate $1.4 billion, as we focus on capacity expansion and operational improvements that create long-term shareholder value. Based on our average share price in Q4, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 369 million. We expect to generate a tremendous amount of cash in fiscal 2018 through strong operational execution and the proceeds expected from the sale of three non-protein businesses. Our balanced capital allocation priorities are governed by a disciplined focus on driving long-term shareholder value, as we plan to use our cash to reduce debt and grow our businesses organically through operational efficiency and capital expansion projects, along with investing in innovation and brand building. Also, we still have the flexibility to acquire businesses that support our strategic objectives, along with returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividend, while maintaining plenty of liquidity and investment-grade credit ratings. We have a tremendous amount of momentum going into fiscal 2018 as we come off a year of 21% EPS growth. Our first quarter in fiscal 2018 is off to a great start, which strengthens our confidence in achieving adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 10%, to a range of $5.70 to $5.85. In closing, we have laid the foundation for success. We have the right strategy and the right team to deliver growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Denise, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And your first question will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, maybe first digging a little bit more into Prepared Foods in the quarter, and you called out in the prepared remarks a contract buyout that impacted the quarter. Any way to quantify that? And then just thinking about next year, can you provide some of the details in going from the 8.5% to the 11% to 12%, just bridging it between AdvancePierre, lapping some of the inefficiencies you've had on pepperoni side, maybe changes in brand spend and then in product innovation, et cetera?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Hey, Adam, it's Tom. So, as it relates to the charge, I'm not going to get into a lot of detail, was the right thing to do for us. We have contracts with suppliers that prohibit us from maximizing the internal consumption of materials that we produce ourselves through the Fresh Meats group. So, it was a pill that we wanted to swallow this past quarter to make sure that we're prepared for 2018, and it was the right thing to do. So, let me try to give you some more information, so I can bridge the 2017 to 2018. Think about we printed $675 million for the year in Prepared Foods, the base sort of APF earnings less what we're going to be divesting is about $100 million, net. Incremental D&A, $55-ish million, $56 million. The Financial Fitness that is going to hit the segment will be about $100 million. We are making improvements in the legacy business, so what you talked about in terms of pepperoni and other things. So price, I would say, and cost improvements, that should total about $150 million for the full year. So, if you roll those up, it's about a $970 million OI, which puts us in that 11% to 12% range, with sales being about $8.3 billion for the year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, that's very helpful color. And then maybe, on similar lines in Chicken, as you think about the improving margin outlook for 2018, you obviously called out volume growth expectations. But on the cost side, I mean, you had some pretty significant investments on the ground (27:15) and freight expenses on the cost side, just any of the bigger variances on the Chicken outlook for 2018?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, sure. So, Chicken will improve on the cost structure by about $150 million. There's the Tyson Production System that we talked about in the past, where it's taking Lean to the next step across the entire system, that'll contribute about $150 million. The APF chicken business, we don't talk about it a lot, but it is a decent-sized business, about $50 million in EBIT. And Financial Fitness, as we talked about, about $90 million of this total cost takeout in Financial Fitness will hit the Chicken segment. And there's some volume-mix impact, but the total gets us to about $1.4 billion for the Chicken segment.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right. Great. That's all very helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. And, Dennis, congrats on your pending retirement. If any CFO started his tenure with trial by fire, it was you in 2008, we remember.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks Ken, appreciate it.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just curious for you, or whoever it's appropriate, Tyson's highlighting a few new tailwinds today for fiscal 2018. You're guiding now to over $200 million in synergies and savings, versus the prior $200 million. You see around $100 million less in feed costs than you did the last time you guided. And I think, if I'm right, your EBIT guidance for the other segment is about $30 million better than last time, but you're not raising total EPS guidance, you're just maintaining it. So, what I'm really trying to get is a sense of whether this means you're just being conservative on EPS, given that it's very early in the year, or if there are maybe some tangible incremental headwinds, I guess, we should be thinking about, too?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Ken, I'll start, and then maybe Dennis can chime in here. And absolutely I agree with you that Dennis did enter the equation in a trial by fire, just done a nice job. So, yeah, it was certainly early in the year. I mean, we're just out of the box, Q1 looks good, but we have to sort of stay where we are. Absolutely, things look good. We continue to say that absent a shock to the system, we're going to be in a nice position for 2018. And we also just want to make sure that we emphasize, we are in a growth mode. So, we're going to continue to invest and make sure that we're doing the right things for growth. But the objective is consistent, predictable, sustainable growth, top line and bottom line. So, we're not going to be getting out ahead of ourselves. And certainly, we're making investments, right? We're making investments in CapEx and we guide to that. The year looks good.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: The only thing I would add, Ken, is remember, our Q2 which ends in March is always very erratic with weather patterns and order patterns, never the same from year-to-year. So, that's why we always start out pretty measured in our approach.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. Okay. And then a quick follow-up, you said that 1Q is off to a very good start. I'm paraphrasing a little bit there. But a couple of things we've noticed. And you guys talked about the Pork business and the industry margins have been weaker, you said that's in line with your guidance, but it's still weaker than it was sequentially. And Beef margins for the industry have weakened as well. And I know, again, it may not be the same for you. But you've also seen some chicken prices drop. Now, again, you may get the offset with boneless skinless. But in general, I would have thought 1Q would have been a little, not weak at all, but maybe you wouldn't have been quite as bullish on it as what we're seeing, so I'm just trying to get a sense as we dig into the quarter, what you're seeing so far in the first half of the quarter that's been going so well, perhaps?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. So, Ken, what's happening with Pork is just about what we expected, so that's in our guidance, right? I mean, that's – yes, things are compressing a little bit, but we had expected that and that's in our full guidance. So, new players are coming in the market, the pie gets cut up a little bit differently based on trying to find that supply of hogs. But like I said, again, all the assumptions were built into our annual outlook of greater than 9%. What I'd say is this happens the same way every time a new entrant comes into the market, and it's done this for decades. So, being an established processor like ourselves, we like where we are, especially given the team that we have. We'll work our way through it. But on Pork, I would say that it's playing out as we expected and then built into our guidance. And our Chicken margins, I went through the bridge right for the full year, so I think maybe that speaks for itself. But if there's anything that we haven't been clear on, certainly let me know. And Prepared's made the balance that we anticipated, and we're pleased with that.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: And, Dennis, congratulations on your retirement.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Both my questions are pertaining to Chicken. So, first, for 2018, so you're guiding to 3% volume growth. It seems like about two-thirds of that is AdvancePierre's. And so I was wondering, is the remainder of that, should that be in your value-added segment, given the capacity that you've added there?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, Heather. It's about half-and-half. So, half is AdvancePierre, and about half is just organic chicken growth and that is through the value-added, as you described.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. And then I wanted to talk about like how you're positioned, how your Chicken business is positioned. So, when we're looking at – it's a longer-term question, but as we're looking at over the next two, three, four years, the industry is looking at increased supply, including you guys adding a plant. But given the relative position of Tyson, how you are net short in some key items, and as you have a larger-than-average value-added business, I was wondering, is it reasonable for us to assume that your relative performance should improve over the next few years as we see that capacity grow. But you guys grow more into value-added, and you would assume that some of these inputs could come under some price pressure. Just wondering if you could speak to that. And is that a reasonable way to be thinking about this?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: It is a reasonable way to be thinking about it. What we're playing for is long-term shareholder value creation. So, as it relates to the chicken supply growth, we're squarely focused on what do we need. The USDA estimates about a 2% growth, and that's in line with consumer demand, I'd say, roughly. Our demand has been outstanding and outpacing. So, as it relates to serving what we need, we're not going to change our approach. We're going to keep supply short of demand. But because of that demand strength, that's why we're adding on to the plant that we talked about in Tennessee, and it's why we're building another plant. We just want to continue the approach to be net short, but we are focused on value business.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you for the question. And, Dennis, congratulations on your retirement.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: You're welcome. AdvancePierre, my recollection, it's a very complicated business, especially in foodservice. It seems that their strategy was to do all things for all customers. So, I wanted to know, as you're integrating the sales forces of your business and AdvancePierre's, how have you managed to hold on to your customers and communicate to them, what product lines you're continuing to make, maybe you're going to discontinue others? How have you executed in that regard?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. Sure, Rob. I'd say, what AdvancePierre did really well and continues to do well, is two things. One, they handle complexity very effectively, so they know how to make money and continue to meet the customers' demands. And the second thing is, they taught us how we can be really efficient and, at the same time, focusing on, I would say, the consumer branded business as an area to make money. So, that complexity is something that they're getting paid for, and that will be the expectation that we would always have. But I'd say, they have done a really nice job of managing that complexity. As it relates to combining the efforts, our selling group has really done a nice job pulling things together. AdvancePierre is very heavily vested in the C-Store space, which was highly attractive to us. Since we combined efforts in Tyson and Hillshire, we've grown more than 75% in the last three years. Not a huge base business, but it's in the hundreds of millions of dollars range and it's a great example of one plus one equals three. We're going to take that to a new level with APF. They have a completely focused effort to make sure the integration is going to go seamlessly and really, really like how we've started the integration. Our customers are giving us positive feedback about that, in addition to the other segments that we serve through the business.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So, your customers are giving you positive feedback. You haven't lost any business or anything like that?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No. I mean, there's always a little bit here and there that may come and go. But on balance, we are gaining new business, so that's correct.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeremy Scott of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Hey, good morning. And, Dennis, it's been a pleasure and congrats on the retirement.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Jeremy.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Just a couple questions on the Pork and a follow-up here. Just when you say the pork capacity impact was anticipated in your guidance, what does that mean exactly? When do you expect to see the markets settle? And on the 9% plus, how does that flow front half versus back half? Do you expect to close the year above 9% or under 9%? Just maybe a little color on how that trends over the course of the fiscal year.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. So, last year or maybe two calls ago, we talked about our front half, back half sort of discussion. That's important for us because we continue to be focused on, there are some things that can flip between quarters. It's an annual outlook. And when we say that it's playing out as we had expected, demand is so strong, I would say export demand is really strong. And we're seeing that, that compression is about what we thought. So, I don't know what more I can say to that, Jeremy, but other than like I said before, this is something that we've seen this play. It's not the first time this has happened. And, yes, there'll be a little bit of choppiness, but we feel like we'll level out to the right place. And what we're guiding to is what we think will happen.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Okay. And then just going through your 10-K you recently filed, so it seems strong growth in utilization rates for Beef and Pork, but a bit surprise that your capacity utilization didn't nudge you back up in Chicken. And so, how do you reconcile that with your commentary that you're hitting your ceiling on your tray pack operations? And are there underperforming plants that you're simultaneously ramping down and as you grow your mix of breast meat purchases in the year? Just walk us through maybe some of the puts and takes as to why that rate didn't nudge back up.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. It's a buy versus grow strategy that we have. So, I think that we'll continue to play. It works to our advantage, particularly when breast meat is very low. So, that's how we play that continuously.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. And, Dennis, congratulations on your retirement.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Morning. Thank you.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: So, I wanted to ask about Chicken. How should we think about the margins? Like, when we think about overall shocks to the system, which you talked about, on the one hand, you have the grain shock, right? And on the other hand, you have any volatility in chicken commodity prices. And it seems like you've already proven out that commodity swings can be absorbed without any volatility in your margins. So, can you just talk through the commodity chicken price swings, and how if at all, it has any impact on your margins outlook, because there is a view that potentially commodity chicken prices might be weak next year? So, in that environment, will you still be able to produce 11% margin is really the question. Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. First, Akshay, I have to say, as everybody else has been congratulating Dennis, he's got to be here through April and so you'll hear from him again on next quarter's call. But, yeah, so the Chicken margins, like we said, we believe to be around 11%. And we expect our business to grow, especially in value-added frozen and 3% overall. We do believe that we're expecting similar feed environments. We're looking at the forward curve at this point, it seems like it's going to be benign. So, as it relates to commodity breast meat or cheaper products, we're heavily weighted towards further processed breast meat sales. So, we tend to make more money in low commodity breast meat markets rather than high ones. We've done a nice job, as you know, diversifying our price type. So, we don't tend to be as volatile. There's some obvious economic benefit between the pure spread and buy versus grow. But the long-term value is generated by selling all the parts that we have to find a home floor (41:52), so as it relates to the commodity markets being low, that's something we see, frankly, as an opportunity.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. And one on Prepared Foods, if I can. There's been a lot of choppiness, right, quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year in a way. So, I'm really focused on the cadence of the margin and the top line delivery, especially as you sell these non-core assets. So, can you talk a little bit more about maybe, one, first quarter, if we should be expecting Prepared Foods margins to inflect back to the annual number in the first quarter? Just try to make sure expectations are in the right place short term. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Welcome. Prepared Foods is off to a good start. So, that's all I'll say, how we're going to finish the quarter. What I would say is our innovation efforts are really kicking in and paying back. I've talked in my prepared remarks about how our future innovation is scoring. And I think it's going to put us in a position where you have – not just on Prepared by the way, also on Chicken – some really strong results. We're in the right categories, we're in the right part of the store. So, in the Prepared business, one of the things we're also certainly benefiting from is the perimeter. Certainly, there's a lot of growth there. But also, the center store, if you include frozen, frozen is growing for us in the center stores. Certainly, I know that shelf stable's having some challenges, but the frozen section is growing well. And that's heavily indexed towards Prepared. Certainly synergy capture, everything that you already know about. In terms of how it flows and the cadence, I won't give you any thoughts on that. I'd just ask you to focus on the year-end and the fact that I told you – Dennis told you that the first quarter has started really well.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. I just wanted to circle back a little bit more to the Pork side of the business. If you could talk a little bit about what you're doing to make sure you have enough supply procured and also your expectations for, if you think some of the new facilities are eventually going to go double shift, or how much the labor situation may or may not allow those new facilities to go double shift?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: We don't – what I'll say, Michael, is, we don't have any problem getting the hogs that we need. We're in a pretty good situation there. So, I don't know what else to say other than, the outlook includes anything that is going to happen in the Pork business. We don't find any challenges as it relates to getting what we need and, as you know, it's a spread business. So, certainly, exports are going to continue to be supportive, and we are a big player in exports, so we like that. So, the fact that the business is doing – going through a margin compression right now, we thoroughly thought about that, analyzed it, and it's where we wound up with our guidance. The other thing I'll say is, we are seeing some growth in NAE pork, still a really small percentage of our business, I talked about it in my prepared remarks. But we have access to the hogs if we have demand, and we're seeing demand increasing. So, that's something that is also a small, but supportive piece of our equation as it relates to margin.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Michael, we typically don't like to speculate on our competition. That's just – it's a fruitless exercise, in our opinion.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. I guess, in general, though, I mean, you guys had talked about raising wages. Maybe you could give us a little more color in terms of kind of the competitive environment, and what type of wage or cost inflation we should expect kind of going forward there?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. Again, it's in the outlook, but I would say we have increased wages, and we started doing that about a year ago. And it's to make sure that our turnover rates are lower. We achieved lower turnover. It's been successful. We've done a nice job, I think, in all of our plants, not just on Pork, but also Beef and Prepared Foods and Chicken. And we are also doing things to make sure that we're running well within control; to the extent that we need to modify our line speeds, we're doing that. And so again, everything is in our guidance, but we have increased wages at our plants.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin M. Theurer - Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa SA de CV: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen, and well, congratulations on the results. I just want to go back on the Prepared Foods business and your outlook into 2018. And obviously, in the fourth quarter, you had a couple of one-time charges. You had the impairment, the $45 million, the $82 million from restructuring. There was another part on the restructuring booked into Chicken. So, if I do the math and I'll actually adjust for that, I end up with a margin that's closer to like 13% for the quarter. So, I just want to understand, with your guidance into 2018 and the outlook, 11% to 12% margin, that would be a notch below my adjusted thoughts around the fourth quarter. So, could you elaborate a little bit if there are any additional charges, restructuring-wise, et cetera, that we should take into consideration to get to that 11%, 12% margin in 2018? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, Ben, so nothing else that's not disclosed in the 10-K. What I'd say as it relates to more the longer-term potential for Prepared Foods margins. I've said before, we'll say again, we expect 12% to 14% is certainly within the horizon. Again, innovation is a big key to that, continuing to get the synergy capture, frankly, over-delivering to the extent that we can know we have a very diversified business. And we have a business that is very focused on making sure we're growing, both with customers and through consumer relevance, on innovation. But also the customer sees us as a partner. So, we are a category captain in Prepared Foods almost everywhere. I mean, everywhere that we would want to be, I'd say. And we are balancing our approach with customer brands. There are certain categories that make sense for us to be focused with our customers on driving their growth, regardless of whether or not it's our brand, and we're going to make high margins on those businesses as well. So, I don't know if that scratches the itch for you, but I would say that longer term, we see those margins in that 12% to 14% range at some point in time.
Benjamin M. Theurer - Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa SA de CV: Okay, perfect. Thanks. And then just one follow-up on Beef, I mean, clearly, the 6% full year margin was significantly better than what everybody would, I guess, expected. And now your outlook into 2018, again just above 5%, so is that going to be significantly above 5%? Or do you actually expect margins to slightly contract compared to 2017, considering that livestock supply and so on looks pretty favorable, and actually even more favorable into 2018 than it looked into 2017?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: It does, use 5% as the number, that's where we're guiding towards, so I wouldn't run away with that. What we're seeing is certainly more cattle next year, we are in the right locations, we like where we're located. And certainly, placement levels show a lot of cattle on feed. So, supplies are growing in our regions. That is why we're bullish, no pun intended. But the idea of us being properly positioned in the right regions, I'd say, is what you should focus on. And 5% is the number you should model.
Benjamin M. Theurer - Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa SA de CV: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from David Carlson of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David Carlson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, thank you very much. Tom, my question relates to the Beef segment. Obviously, some very strong results during the quarter. I think you called out increased export activity in the press release. With China recently lifting the ban on trade with the U.S., I was hoping you might be able to frame up the opportunity as it relates to export activity longer term. And also, especially given the experience the incoming CFO has with international, I guess as you look at it today, how long can export activity serve as a tailwind for the company?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, we think it could be a multi-year phenomenon. And we like where we're positioned as a country, frankly, and certainly where Tyson Foods is positioned. We were the first company to ship beef to China after the resumption of trade, and we have a huge market share already in that market. Our brand, ibp, is actually a very well recognized brand in China. And this is great for a number of reasons, but the primary reason that we think about is that it creates domestic disappearance. So, for us, anything that is in support of exports is really helpful. Having access to that market allows us to be in a position to have the meat cleared at a better price. There's no question. And our original assumptions on what we're including in our guidance, we are expecting strong export trade continuing. What I'd say is global supplies are relatively flat, right, and coupled with strong demand for protein overall, then it really makes a nice environment for us. And, yes, I'm fully counting on Stewart bringing his full value on international with him.
David Carlson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you, guys.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And the next question will come from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Dennis, congratulations. You're leaving the balance sheet in a fortress whereas you inherited it at a challenging time.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks. You're right.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Stewart is smiling ear to ear.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: It's a great balance sheet.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: My question really focuses on your NAE efforts. Could you talk about what percentage of that Chicken business is now NAE? Kind of the margin benefit you're getting from NAE, and how much additional cost do you incur by producing NAE?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. So, Farha, certainly, the benefits are economic, but also consumer preference. I would say, to the extent that we didn't move to NAE, we'd be having a very different conversation. The consumer does expect it, and by the way, the customer expects it. So, gatekeepers within the customer are asking continuously to be NAE and so for us, we're fully NAE now, and we're actually buying meat on the outside that's NAE. So, in terms of the economics, what I would say is the cost, a little bit more on the upfront, and we've been able to swallow that cost and then remove that cost. And I think we're in a great position today, very few of our flocks are actually treated. And so we feel like it's a competitive advantage today, whether or not it'll be for long term, who knows, but that has been a key to our growth. We feel like so far – so, I'd say the latter part of 2017, but also moving into what we've guided for 2018, which is the total (53:47) 3% which doesn't sound like a huge number, but in our business it's meaningful.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, Dennis, perhaps, you could give us just some more color on that $90 million that you expect in Financial Fitness in Chicken and $100 million in Prepared Foods. Could you break it down a little bit more and kind of share with us where that $90 million roughly will come from and where the $100 million will roughly come from?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Well, in both cases, it's going to be coming from the overhead reductions, supply chain efficiencies and procurement, are the largest categories. And so given that they both use largely the same distribution system, it's natural that they would largely both get the benefit of those synergies.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And the procurement really stems from that buyout of the contract. And I just want to make sure that internal sourcing contract buyout didn't cause this extraordinary, but rather folded them into fourth quarter earnings?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: To be clear, the procurement – the raw material buyout was, it was in Q4, but is not a major component of the procurement savings. Think in the procurement savings, leveraging Tyson's scale with billions of pounds at some rate that's more efficient than it was at AdvancePierre.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Colantuoni of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hi, John.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. It's been about six months since Tyson completed the acquisition of AdvancePierre. Can you just walk us through some of your learnings and any practices from the company you've adopted since?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Absolutely. Let me talk about three things. One is, we talked about a few times on this call, but it's the focus on customer growth. And we, as Tyson, prior to AdvancePierre, very focused on customer growth. But I would say, AdvancePierre cranks that up a notch. They really are focused on making sure the customer gets what they need as it relates to branded products or customer brands. Second thing I'd say is the level of accountability that the team has across the organization. We were highly accountable at Tyson. I would say, they are extremely focused on removing non-value-added costs, so things that aren't valued by the customer; and having a disciplined approach to looking at it on a weekly basis where are we running (56:36) yellow. And so we are adopting that across the system. There's some ideas that they brought to the table that, I think, are very, very exciting. And the third is just the channel, channels that they played in predominantly in convenience stores provide us some great benefits, enthusiasm about what the program together can offer overall to customers because that is a space that is growing. And also, I would kind of throw in the retail perimeter, the products that are served either ready-to-heat or ready-to-eat. They have done a very, very nice job. So, those three things I'd point to that there's a lot of other learnings we spent a lot of time talking about it, but I'd highlight those three.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. And in the past, you've mentioned considering raising your normalized targets for Beef and Prepared Foods, maybe even at some point Chicken. Is this something we should still expect you to update us on in the second half?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: We will update you, like I said last quarter, and give you our then current thinking. And we believe that we continue to execute taking costs out or holding costs flat, while we're growing the business we will leverage the model for expanding margins. So, absolutely, we'll talk about it again, and you should expect us to be back to you with a receipt (58:02) on that.
John Colantuoni - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great, thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The final question today will come from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Dennis, congratulations, and we appreciate all your help through the years. And best of luck for sure.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Tom, can I ask just two questions? One is, just to be clear, on 2018, you haven't even reported your first quarter, and you gave initial guidance a month or so ago. Is your confidence higher or lower relative to that month ago and why?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You always ask that question. It's difficult for me to say that how much confidence you should take from this other than we're very confident, and that's reflected in the outlook. We have a great year ahead of us. We're continuing to grow where we want to grow value-added versus commodities, certainly, in Chicken and Prepared Foods. We talked about the Core 9 results and our Focus 5 foodservice. The balanced portfolio in terms of the customer channels is a big deal. So, we like the traction we're getting at those customers that where we're serving the perimeter of the store and convenience. And yeah, I don't know how to quantify, Ken, because we have guidance other than to say that I am extremely enthusiastic about everything that I'm seeing, and I think the team would chime and say the same thing. Chicken should benefit from the move to NAE. We do also, by the way, have an organic offering. Certainly, Prepared Foods is well positioned. I would say one other thing is maybe it's on the Financial Fitness, we had to lose some weight. So, that's the reason why we call it Financial Fitness. We had some weight to lose out of the box and we have to have process discipline to keep the weight off. And that's making us really confident about how we can continue to have great cost structure as we grow, as I mentioned a moment ago. So, sure, overall, I'd say very optimistic.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my second question is, is can you give us concrete synergy examples of what you're actually doing? Are you moving product in-house to make the sandwiches yet? Are you doing more like actual concrete anecdotes that kind of show the progress, not just high level, but like – of a couple examples of what you're actually doing on the synergy level. Are you automating the chicken process yet? What are you doing physically and concretely?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: So, I'll say two things. First is that I can't name names. As you can well imagine, that's not fair to suppliers. But we have negotiated cost out of our suppliers, right, and not small amounts, large amounts. That's number one. Number two is we are being able to look at where do we make products the least cost and maximize those plants first and so that is underway, and it's certainly something that will continue as well as there will be probably – not probably, there will be some plant rationalization at some point in the future. The other thing is just the pricing side – it was not a cost takeout, the pricing side of things is I think there's a lot of proper focus on that. Where do we need to make sure we're taking the discipline that AdvancePierre had on pricing? And maybe the final thing on cost is as we look at our products and how they are made, we are seeing some things that AdvancePierre did that was extraordinary in terms of making sure that we're flexible on formulas, sort of utilize the raw materials that are the best for us at that point in time, given the costs, without sacrificing and in some cases, increasing the quality. So, that's a big deal, and we're seeing a lot of savings from that already that we have implied into our forecast. We're excited about that, so hopefully those will help.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's great. Thank you very much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to Tom Hayes for any closing remarks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you all for the great questions. I really appreciate it. And before I go, I do want to say to Dennis and Stewart, we are both looking to you – I'm looking to you to have a great transition. I know that as we transition from one superstar to the next, it's going to be seamless. And it's very exciting. So, also, as I've been prone to say in the last couple of quarters here, I'd like to thank the Tyson team members that are listening to the call because they are on the call and we had another record year, which is really, really good and we're all very excited about that. But I already have seen tremendous amount of work that is focused on delivering another record in 2018. And so I appreciate in advance all the work that everybody's doing, so thank you. And then, because we're not going to talk to you between here and the end of the year, hopefully, everybody has a safe and happy holiday season. And so we're going to be kicking into holiday season shipments, which is great, but I would like to say happy holidays to everybody and certainly, please stay safe. Thank you very much for dialing in today.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc. Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc. Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.
Analysts: Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods third quarter earnings conference call. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Incorporated third quarter earnings conference call of the 2017 fiscal year. On today's call are Tom Hayes, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplemental report on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings news release this morning, which has been filed with the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, August 7, 2017, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately 1 hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed, written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Hayes.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thank you very much, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for your interest in Tyson Foods, and we're glad that you could join us today on the call. Q3 was our second-best quarter in company history on an adjusted EPS basis, as we closed in on another record year. All 4 segments achieved adjusted operating margins in or above their normalized ranges, and total net sales grew 4.8% versus Q3 last year, with every segment delivering volume growth as we continue to stay focused on delivering growth for customers by satisfying consumers' appetites for protein and fresh foods. In the third quarter, we completed the acquisition of AdvancePierre Foods, and you should note that our Q3 results include only 4 weeks of AdvancePierre. I'm pleased that we closed the deal quickly and got the integration off to a fast start. George Chappelle is serving as our Chief Integration Officer, and George was the Chief Operating Officer at AdvancePierre, and is bringing his wealth of experience in operations and supply chain to the integration effort. As we look ahead to wrapping up a great year, we're tightening our adjusted earnings guidance to between $4.95 and $5.05 per share, and it excludes any benefit from AdvancePierre's results. We expect AdvancePierre to be a few cents accretive in Q4, which will be on top of our estimated Q4 adjusted EPS of between $1.07 and $1.17 per share. As we move forward with the integration, we're energized by all the opportunities ahead of us. AdvancePierre has manufacturing and channel management capabilities that will propel profitable growth for the entire company. Given our successful start to the integration, we're highly confident we will exceed $200 million in net synergies through our approach to financial fitness, which will encompass both companies. We'll update on our progress when we complete our planning process later this year. The integration team is collaborating exceptionally well, and I want to reemphasize that we expect the synergies to be in excess of $200 million, and their net cost savings will drop to the bottom line This compares to the synergies from the Hillshire integration, which were growth synergies, and we continue to reinvest the vast majority back into the business for innovation, brand-building, and long-term growth. In the third quarter, we captured an incremental $17 million above the $150 million realized last year for a total of $167 million in synergies for Q3. Now let's move on to the operating segments and take a look back at Q3. In the Beef segment, operating income in the third quarter was $147 million, with an operating margin of 3.7%. Sales volume was up 0.4% while average price was up 5.3%. The big news in the beef industry this summer was that China reopened to U.S. beef imports, and we're proud to say that Tyson Foods was the first to arrive in China with U.S. beef. While shipments at this point are very small, we're optimistic. Chinese consumers prefer high-value cuts, and we think they'll appreciate the superior quality of U.S. beef. Too soon to know yet what this could mean for exports, but we believe there's great potential in this. U.S. beef export demand was up 20% year over year in Q3. With ample supplies of cattle, we see very good conditions for our Beef business as far out as 2020 as we enter the early stages of a multiyear expansion cycle. Absent a shock to the system such as a drought or an import ban, our Beef business is well positioned for profitable long-term growth. The Pork segment's operating income in the third quarter was $136 million with 10.3% operating margin. Volume was up 0.6% while average price was up 3.3%. As with Beef, strong export demand was a key driver for our Pork segment, with U.S. pork exports up 10% year over year. Our operations performed very well, as we've maximized revenue and mix. There's been tremendous foodservice demand for bacon, which was the primary driver of the increased cutout. While performance could moderate from Q3 levels as global competition increases and labor markets tighten, the Pork segment is expected to perform well in Q4 despite pressure from competing proteins. In the Chicken segment, Q3 adjusted operating income was $298 million, with a 10.4% adjusted operating margin. Average price was up 2.9% on 1.6% higher volume. Value-added chicken volume was up nearly 4% on the back of new product innovation and increased consumer demand for fully-cooked Tyson-branded chicken. Higher prices for chicken haven't dampened consumer demand, and per-capita consumption is projected to reach a record high this year. Due to demand acceleration, we are experiencing capacity constraints in some areas, and we'll be pulling forward some capital projects to increase capacity and maintain high service levels with our customers. In the third quarter, we successfully completed the rollout of No Antibiotics Ever chicken in the Tyson brand at retail, and the product is now in stores nationwide. In addition, we're extending our NAE attribute into our leading foodservice brand, Tyson Red Label. In the Prepared Foods segment, our adjusted operating income was $195 million in the third quarter, with a 10% adjusted operating margin. Average price was up 4.9%, while volume increased 2.4% due to a strong start to growing season and new product innovation. Now I'd like to turn from the segment reports to our customer channels. In foodservice, small operators that are served by broadline distributors are showing the most growth. Our Focus 5 product lines, which are among the most profitable, are well suited to these small operators, and we're growing with our customers, as reflected by the 11% volume increase. This compares to category growth of only 2% over the 52-week period ending in May. In addition to the volume growth, we grew share by 1.9 points. In the retail channel, Tyson retail packaged brands continue to lead in dollar and volume performance among the top 10 food companies due to consistent and effective brand building and innovation. We've shown you these comparison slides before, but I want to point out that we've gone to a 52-week view to smooth out seasonality and holiday timing. I will be using a 52-week comparison going forward. We're consistently growing and consistently outperforming the other large food companies in both sales volume and dollars, as we take advantage of consumer demand for protein and fresh foods. Total Tyson volume was up 5.4%, and our Core 9 businesses were up 6% compared to 0.2% increase for total food and beverage. In fact, Core 9 volume growth has outperformed food and beverage for 10 consecutive quarters, going all the way back to Q2 over fiscal year 2015. In dollar sales, total Tyson grew 3.2% and the Core 9 grew 3.8% compared to only 0.4% for total food and beverage. We grew volume share in eight of nine categories and dollar share in seven of nine. As I mentioned here today and in our previous calls, we've achieved our leadership position through brand-building and innovation. Our protein-packed brands resonate with consumers. And at retail, this is evident when you look at how Tyson aligns with the retail category growth. Growth areas are at the perimeter and as consumers are demanding high-quality fresh and prepared foods. Tyson is strong in refrigerated meats, where we're growing 7.8%; and in fresh meats, we're up 10.9%. We're bringing our foodservice experience and expertise to help our customers grow their Prepared Foods offering from the deli, and shipments are up 5% year over year. Moving to frozen, which is a section that is down overall. We're driving growth in high single-digits behind two of our three $1 billion brands, Jimmy Dean, Frozen Protein Breakfast and Tyson Fully-Cooked Chicken. Another important element of our value proposition for retail customers is our approach to total category growth. The categories we play in aren't highly penetrated by private label or customer brands as we call them. Our categories are typically around 12% customer brands versus 17% for total food and beverage. However, customer brands have long been a part of Tyson's go-to-market strategy, and it's a core competency for AdvancePierre. By providing category expertise in both our brands and customer brands, we drive overall category growth with efficiencies of scale. Our continued success relies on innovation, and we're focused on three platforms that will continue to drive our growth in the retail perimeter: Fresh meal kits and starters, a fresh take on breakfast and keeping the Core 9 fresh. At CAGNY in February, we mapped out an aggressive plan for product launches, and we're on track. As I've mentioned previously, Tyson Tastemakers have moved beyond e-commerce into select retailers, as we continue to learn and refine in order to expand to a broader audience. The next generation of Hillshire Snacking flavors launched earlier this year and continues to do very well, and we're looking to expand distribution of the snacking platform into additional channels. Jimmy Dean Simple Scrambles, launched in May, has exceeded our expectations. This disruptive innovation is driving category growth in refrigerated breakfast. Jimmy Dean Pancake & Sausage Bites started shipping in May and are on track for a national launch. We're just beginning distribution on our newest innovation, Tyson Ground Chicken, and we're looking forward to seeing the great product succeed at retail. We have a strong three-year pipeline of products intended to refresh and disrupt, and that doesn't include the opportunities we have yet to unlock with the AdvancePierre integration. We seek innovation in every aspect of our business, and not just new products. We continually strive to improve efficiency and sustainability and stay ahead of potential labor shortages, and our automation and technology innovations are becoming increasingly important in tightening labor markets. I suspect we're already leading the industry in this regard, but the potential is great and we've barely scratched the surface. Some of the areas we've addressed include robotic loading and weighing, automating cutting, trimming, scaling and packaging, visual sorting and grading, and automatic transfers. Automation and technology are facets of our business that will only become more important as we grow. And I'm glad that we have Scott Spradley, our new Chief Technology Officer, on board. Scott comes to us from Silicon Valley, where he worked for some of the largest technology companies in the world. I expect Scott to amplify the role of automation and technology innovation as a sustainable solution for the continuing challenge of improving efficiency. Looking ahead to 2018, we continue to expect growth with an emphasis on value-added Chicken and Prepared Foods, specifically, within the Core 9 and Focus 5. We believe the demand in the fresh perimeter will continue, and we're well-positioned to lead growth for our customers with consumer fresh goods. 2017 has been a great year for the Beef segment and with ample cattle supplies and strong export demand, 2018 results should be similar to this year. The Pork segment should benefit from very strong export markets as well. And while there will be additional capacity coming online, it's needed to process the increased hog supply predicted by the USDA. In 2018, the Pork segment might not reach the lofty returns of 2017, but it should remain well above its normalized range. The Chicken segment should benefit from our move to No Antibiotics Ever and expanded capacity in value-added products, in addition to brand renovation of the base and continued new product innovation. We expect operating margins to be similar to 2017 and, importantly, with approximately 3% volume growth. While it's been a challenging year for some parts of the Prepared Foods operations, in 2018, we'll be well positioned to take advantage of our innovation, brand strength, channel breadth and low-cost raw materials. This, along with portfolio refinement, strong performance at retail, improvements in foodservice and the integration of AdvancePierre, the Prepared Foods segment should achieve operating margins in the upper half of the current 10% to 12% normalized range. We're very optimistic about our plans and our outlook for 2018. Because we believe it's important to proactively control costs and drive efficiencies even when we're performing well, our approach to financial fitness will remove waste, reduce costs and focus on a continuous improvement to create fuel for continued growth. In FY 2018, we expect to grow sales dollars and volume to grow EPS in the high single digits while remaining disciplined in our allocation of capital for long-term value creation. This concludes my prepared remarks. And now Dennis will take us through the financials. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was another great quarter, and it positions us for our fifth consecutive record year on a GAAP basis and our sixth straight record year on an adjusted basis. We delivered record EPS and operating income for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 and utilized our strong balance sheet to complete the acquisition of AdvancePierre in June, a company with strong capabilities that will spur sustainable, high-margin growth in our value-added businesses. As Tom mentioned in his remarks, you should note that our Q3 results include only four weeks of AdvancePierre. Fiscal 2017 year-to-date revenues were up 1.4% compared to prior year and up 4.8% for the third quarter, as volume and pricing increased in each segment, along with the incremental benefit of AdvancePierre in June. Record adjusted operating income through nine months of fiscal 2017 was just shy of $2.4 billion, up 5% compared to a strong comparable period last year. Adjusted operating income for Q3 was $756 million, with an adjusted return on sales of 7.7%, with each of our segments in or above their normalized ranges. Our year-to-date adjusted EPS of $3.88 is a record and represents a 13% increase over $3.43 a year ago. It's also important to note that on an adjusted basis, our last 12 months EPS is $4.84. Our operating cash flow for the first three quarters was $1.4 billion, and we spent $782 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $308 million, as we continue to invest in projects that are focused on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 31.7% on an adjusted basis. Including cash of $231 million, net debt was $10.6 billion, and total liquidity was approximately $1 billion for Q3. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.7 times on a pro forma basis, including AdvancePierre's results for a full 12 months. We are committed to investment-grade ratings, and with the strong cash flows we expect to generate, along with divestiture proceeds and incremental cash flows from the AdvancePierre acquisition, we expect to quickly delever to bring our net debt to adjusted EBITDA to around 2 times by the end of fiscal 2018. Net interest expense was $69 million during Q3. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were 370 million. In early June, we closed the acquisition of AdvancePierre, and we expect to realize net synergies in excess of $200 million within three years from both Tyson and AdvancePierre. The majority of these benefits will be realized in our Prepared Foods segment. The synergies are expected to come from manufacturing, procurement and distribution efficiencies as well as addressing redundant commercial capabilities and duplicative corporate overhead at the combined company. AdvancePierre's results are included in the Prepared Foods and Chicken segments. In addition, last quarter, we announced our plan to sell three non-protein businesses currently included in our Prepared Foods segment. The net carrying value of these businesses at the end of our third quarter was $838 million, and we expect to record a net pre-tax gain as a result of their sale. We anticipate we'll close the transactions by the end of calendar 2017 and expect to use the proceeds to pay down debt. As noted in our press release issued this morning, these businesses' results are excluded from our fiscal 2018 outlook. Now here are some thoughts on the full year of fiscal 2017. We now expect revenues of approximately $38 billion, as we grow volume across each segment. We expect AdvancePierre will have an incremental impact of approximately $550 million. Net interest expense should approximate $270 million. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 34%. CapEx is expected to approximate $1 billion, and based on our average share price in Q3, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 369 million. Our strong performance and record results for the first three quarters of fiscal 2017 gives us confidence to narrow our adjusted annual EPS guidance to a range of $4.95 to $5.05. This range excludes the impact of AdvancePierre, which we expect to be a few cents accretive in fiscal 2017 on an adjusted basis. This new EPS range is approximately 13% to 15% over our record fiscal 2016 adjusted EPS and represents a five-year compounded annual growth rate of approximately 20%. As we move into the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, our annual outlook includes a quarterly view. Our fiscal 2017 outlook by segment includes Beef return on sales of approximately 5%, Pork return on sales of approximately 12%, Chicken adjusted return on sales of approximately 10% and Prepared Foods adjusted return on sales of approximately 9%. For modeling purposes, we've included a fourth quarter projection, which supports our annual outlook for fiscal 2017 detailed on slide 15. To be clear, our Q4 adjusted EPS estimate is $1.07 to $1.17 before considering AdvancePierre. While we remain focused on ramping up a record year in fiscal 2017, we expect growth in sales, operating income and EPS in fiscal 2018, as our Beef and Pork segments should remain strong, with our earnings mix shifting more to our value-added segments of Chicken and Prepared Foods. Now here are some early thoughts on our fiscal 2018 outlook. We expect top line sales growth of approximately 6%, with revenue just under $41 billion, as we grow volume and have the benefit of a full year of AdvancePierre as a part of our operations. We expect AdvancePierre sales in fiscal 2018 to approximate $1.7 billion or an incremental $1.15 billion over fiscal 2017. Additionally, as we begin to realize the net synergies associated with combining these two great companies, we expect AdvancePierre to be accretive to EPS in the upper teens, which includes incremental interest expense, depreciation and amortization. Net interest expense should approximate $330 million. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 34.5%, and CapEx is expected to increase compared to fiscal 2017. We expect solid top line growth in each segment for fiscal 2018, and overall margins should remain strong, as we expect the Beef segment should be similar to fiscal 2017 around 5%. The Pork segment should be above its normalized range of 6% to 8%. The Chicken segment should be similar to fiscal 2017 around 10%, with nearly 3% volume growth. And the Prepared Foods segment should be in the upper half of its normalized range of 10% to 12%, with approximately 10% volume growth excluding the divestiture's impact. In closing, we remain laser-focused on executing our strategy and confident we will deliver high single-digit EPS growth in fiscal 2018, as we build on our momentum and drive shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And your first question this morning will come from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So my two questions are, with AdvancePierre being closed and $200 million of net synergies, at this point, can you confirm that 2017 is now Beef earnings in which you can grow for the foreseeable future? And then my second question is, with the $200 million of net synergies, pricing in the foodservice as well as some operational improvements, can you help us bridge how you think of Prepared Foods long-term margin potential?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Absolutely. Yes, so Ken, as it relates to the first one, we do believe we're starting – that we have a new base. We feel great about 2018, and we've been asked the question before, is $5.00 the base amount for EPS, and we do believe that it is. I'd say that the combination of the companies we thought was going to be great. And then, of course, we're optimistic about synergies. Having gotten into the integration, we are extremely, extremely excited about it. And we know that we'll be in a position to be in excess of $200 million on a net basis. When you look at the overall improvement of the Prepared Foods business as it relates to the things that we're doing to drive the protein pack brand strategy, it is consistent with giving us a position across the retail perimeter; that is, I would say, best-in-class as well as convenience, and AdvancePierre is doing an excellent job. I'd say in July they had fantastic numbers, and we're very, very impressed with the addition of the company. As it relates to long-term segment, we talked about the past we'll continue to look at what the segment's normalized range could be, but it's not s something that we are going to put a size at the moment. But we think that the idea of getting to a 12% to 14% normalized range seems like if we execute well, that's where we'll wind up. So I hope that answers your question regarding that.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great, thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just want to make sure I'm understanding the guidance correctly. You're guiding to high single-digit EPS growth for next year, so two questions there. First, is that off the $4.95 to $5.05 base which excludes AdvancePierre, or is that off the slightly higher base that adds a few pennies to fiscal to 4Q 2017? And then my second question, I guess as a follow-up to that, is the high single-digit growth that you're guiding to next year, anyway, I just want to make it 100% clear because there are so many puts and takes. Does that include or exclude the benefits from AdvancePierre in that year? Again, I know you've talked about some of these in your prepared remarks. I just think it's important to review that again.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure, Ken, great question. The high single digits would include the results of AdvancePierre. And remember, AdvancePierre is split into two parts. About 80% of it goes into the Prepared Foods segment. About 20% goes into the Chicken segment. And we're also dealing with about $87 million of incremental D&A. And as I said in my remarks, AdvancePierre will contribute mid to high teens EPS accretion.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I'll leave it there. I'll follow up with you after. And just quickly, the personnel changes made last week, can you elaborate a little bit more on the reasons behind that? And what do you think the company needed that it wasn't getting in the prior structure?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, sure, Ken, it's Tom. The primary reason why we made the decision we did to flatten the organization was just that. We look at the acquisition of AdvancePierre as an opportunity or catalyst, which I talked about before, to have a significant and I think aggressive look at all of our costs. But the other thing is we want to maintain a completely aggressive approach to satisfying customers. Then as we looked at our structure, we felt particularly in Prepared Foods that we needed to streamline across, have those segments reporting directly to the CEO, take some of the resources that were at the center of the company and put them into those individual segments so they could control the amount of spending and focus on growth. And so it's really an effort to make sure that we are doing the right thing by being quick to our customers, taking advantage of the opportunities, and making sure we manage costs in the most effective way for our shareholders.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Tom.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: You talked about your value-added chicken doing well and pulling forward some CapEx. Could you just detail which areas of poultry are doing particularly well and a little bit more detail on the CapEx?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, sure, Farha. This is Tom. The Chicken business is doing well overall, I would say, particularly as it relates to fresh tray pack and our value-added, whether it's par-fry or fully-cooked business, both at retail and at foodservice. So we have a plan we talked about before that's coming up in Green Forest, and that's going to help. But frankly, that's already sold out, to the extent that it gets up and running on plan, starts shipping in the fall period here and then up and running full force in January. So the capital projects we're looking at pull-forward are ones that actually help us get more supply based on our demand as well as that productive capacity in both fully-cooked and tray pack. We're essentially busting at the seams on both those areas.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Does that mean water as well as value-added in that CapEx, just as it all builds out?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: It does, absolutely. Yes. Yes.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And then just as a follow-up, Tom, you highlighted Tyson's strength in both branded and private label. Historically, that's been challenging for food companies to manage both branded and private label. Could you share with us Tyson's particular capabilities that allow it to manage both of those?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. This is something that has long been part of the company's history, as I said, being really strong on branded and increasingly strong as with the acquisition of Hillshire Brands, I'd say. But the customer brand business has been the source of growth for many, many years. What makes the company particularly powerful is the acquisition of AdvancePierre, there are capabilities that they have demonstrated and ways of running the business that allow the AdvancePierre team, whether its customer brands or branded business, deliver a margin that is what is at or above the target. So we're looking to take advantage of that and amplify the idea that we're focused on growth, whether it's in our brands, in our customer brands, we are about growth. And so it's leveraging that across the entire company and learning as we go, which we're excited about.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So your margins in your customer brands can be equal to your or above your branded business?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: They absolutely can.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeremy Scott of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Thanks. Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning Jeremy.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: I wanted to maybe walk-through the sales guidance a little bit. I think if you remove the incremental AdvancePierre, there's a little less than $2 billion of incremental sales growth. Where exactly is that coming from? It seems like a good piece of it is coming from your chicken pricing. I just want to sync-up your margin guidance with the impact of volume, price, and then your feed cost impact of $100 million – can you walk us through maybe the sales bridge there?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: As Tom said, Jeremy, in all the segments, we're expecting growth in volume and price so overall sales would be up. And as we said, incrementally, AdvancePierre would contribute an incremental $1.15 billion in 2018 over 2017. And in terms of the guidance for Chicken, it does include $100 million of incremental grain costs, still being around 10% return on sales. But very importantly, think about the incremental 3% volume growth on a base of, call it $1.1-ish billion, 3% meaningful to operating income year over year.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Got it. And then just to follow-up on Farha's question, of that 3% volume increase, what percentage of that is going to be increased slaughter levels?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, we don't break that out. And what we are focused on is making sure our supply meets our demand, and we're having a challenge right now. Our demand is extraordinarily strong, and we're focused on trying to make sure we can do all that we can do to supply it as well as keep our extraordinarily high service levels with our customers, which is a challenge we have right now.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Okay, then one quick follow-up. Just given your confidence in Prepared Foods synergies, when do you expect to update The Street on normalized margins?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. So now two things I'll say there, Jeremy. The first is that we expect to update The Street on how the integration is going, how we feel about it in specific terms as it relates to the net synergies that we're going to be delivering. And I would say, later, at the end of this year, early into 2018, we'll talk about that more, maybe have a follow-up to talk about it. And beyond that, for our focus, its how do we continue to grow where customers are growing, grow where the consumer is buying and leverage that strength that we have to increase our margins over time. Timing, as it relates to how that plays out, we gave you the guidance for 2018. And beyond that, we see there is incremental upside, and that's going to be largely dependent upon what we talk about as it relates to the overall synergies we get from the combination of the two companies as well as where we see the growth opportunities as we look at the revenue synergy side that we haven't talked a lot about.
Jeremy Scott - Mizuho Securities: Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah, I just wanted to dig a little bit more in terms of the Beef side of the business. And I know you said you expect to have adequate cattle availability. But just sort of looking at the numbers on hedgers edge in the third quarter, it certainly would appear that the margins may have been kind of record levels, and I would have expected something higher in your fiscal third quarter than potentially what you would do in fourth quarter. But maybe you could just talk about was this just a timing issue in terms of when some of the cattle was purchased? And what gives you the confidence that you'll hit the 5% next year?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. So of course, we have definitely spoken about this in the past, Michael. And you know that we have – our margins are kind of based on where we're regionally located. So Beef is still a very regional business. Cattle in the north, where we compete, we're higher priced last quarter. That's just the fact of the matter. Going forward, we see that supplies growing in our regions. In fact, 2017 and 2018, better numbers on fed cattle in our regions overall. Placements of cattle and feed, high. Heifer retentions is something that is certainly on our minds, 25-year low, supplies more cattle and calves and cattle in the future. So we feel, for our areas that we are, again, barring some sort of shock to the system, we are at the front-end of a multi-year expansion in cattle that is great for Tyson.
Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then you talked about potentially the market for Beef remaining strong through 2020, barring some supply shock like a drought or whatever. But your normalized margins are 1.5% to 3%. Do you have any feeling for whether that number might go up? Used to be at 2.5% to 4%? How should we sort of be thinking about marginalized margins for Beef going forward in this type of environment?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: It's a great question. We have talked about what we see in the future. And what we want to make sure that we do is we have a demonstrated track record behind us. We typically like to have a long period of time, where we've been able to demonstrate those margins. Certainly, I would say, on beef import, in addition to what we've already talked about it with Prepared Foods, we are thinking about it. And so, all I can say is we'll continue to keep you posted, and our objective is to drive year-over-year EBIT growth and year-over-year EPS growth, and that's what we're focused on. And if we can expand our margins wherever we can, we'll do it. But nothing that we want to share today, but certainly, it's on our minds.
Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe first, in the Chicken business, I want to think about the performance this quarter, margins were down about 350 basis points year over year, and you had about $84 million or so of EBIT declines. And maybe any help on breaking down some of the pieces. You gave some disclosure on the feed costs, on the employee incentive issues, but maybe whether it's antibiotic-free and the ramp there, there's incremental grow costs, mix, the commodity pricing environment where you do have it, whether it seemed favorable, so just help me looking for additional color on the Chicken business performance given what seemed to be very strong market conditions in the quarter.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. The biggest thing you got to keep in mind is that true commodity players will do very well in an environment where there are low feed costs, higher pricing, but what you see in our margins is a great illustration of the different business models. Ours isn't typically as volatile as a commodity player. And so our portfolio is designed to deliver those consistent margins. We do expect to have growth. We want to make sure we're driving EBIT north. And we don't want to be on a roller coaster. We want to have consistent margins and then consistently grow volume. There are times for us, when the buy versus grow model is a bit expensive, and we're in one of those today. There's also times where we have to consider adding capacity, which is where we are right now, like tray pack and FP that we talked about, the further process. And this is where we live. We live in a space where we want to be consistently growing the business and do it with consistent margins. So we won't be at the highs when fresh meat or market prices are high. And so, but we won't be on those lows on the other end either.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then in Prepared Foods, can you talk about where you are on the pepperoni plant transition? The outlook for margins in the fiscal fourth quarter is down sequentially. Appreciate there's a lot of AdvancePierre noise in that. But any update on where you are with your own foodservice business as you work through some of the plant issues there?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, sure. One of the things to be clear about Prepared Foods, there is typical seasonality. Some of the softness is driven by some of the promotional aspects of the drilling season, back-to-school; certainly, there's volumes associated with schools that we don't have, which we're a heavy player in. And note last year, we had similar results. Q4 was 7.3% margin for instance. The fourth quarter is always a difficult quarter in Prepared Foods overall. What I would say is, as it relates to the pizza toppings and pepperoni, we are on track. So we are building out the capacity that we need. We're still paying that Coleman premium that we don't like. And we will be in, not this season, but next season, as we go into our fiscal 2019, into the pizza season, ready to take advantage of the business with a lower cost structure, just as we talked about. That's the timing and we are on track.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So just to be clear, my follow-up to you, the point there is the benefits from lapping the pizza, the plant issues are going to be more of a fiscal 2019 benefit, not a fiscal 2018 benefit?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: That's right, because pizza season is right around the fall season, and its sports, football and so forth. That's when it really picks up. And so the plant will not be up for this fall. It'll be up for the following fall. So that's the reason why you'll see the uptick there.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And the next question will be from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Just a couple of miscellaneous questions. One, on Chicken, will you still be a net buyer even after you make these capacity expansions? And will it be similar to your normal pace of net buying that you've quantified in terms of truckloads in the past of white meat that you buy? And then second, I'm trying to tease out the price impact just in the quarter in Prepared Foods. Your price mix was up 4.9%. You attributed it to the mix impact from AdvancePierre. Can you give us a sense of what's underlying in your core Prepared Foods business in terms of price? Is it pretty stable? Or is there anything happening underneath there? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, sure. So on the first, Rob, absolutely, we'll continue with the buy versus grow model. We will take some pressure off the amount that we have to buy in the market, and that's certainly something that is going to be helpful for us. So we stand behind them all, what works well for us. And we want to produce in (42:37) increments, and focused on eating and matching best for us in supply versus demand while continuing to grow our volume year over year. So the pace, to answer your question, is not going to change as it relates to the truckloads that we buy, what we've given in terms of color on that in the past. As it relates to the price impact in the quarter, absolutely, there's pressured margins in Prepared Foods, particularly as it relates to higher belly and beef and pork trim costs. Pricing is chasing the rising belly and bacon markets. For us, we are a large trim buyer. So the trim effect that rose in Q3 isn't really felt in Q4 quite a bit, but I would say that there's a lot of costs that move around right in advance of the hot dog season. We are both hot dog and smoked sausage, we're a heavy player. So pricing dynamics are good. I'd say, we will continue to stay aggressive. And one of the things that we have learned with the AdvancePierre acquisition is different pricing approaches that they have been very successful on pricing to value. And we do well in retail. I think they do exceptional in foodservice, and we'll take advantage of that to continue to improve the underlying margin structure. But I feel good about price.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, Tom, maybe a follow-up. So it would just be – just a little more clarity. Do you think your retail margins and foodservice margins and your core business were going to be down because of those higher belly and trim costs in the quarter, and then maybe in fourth quarter, you offset it with price adjustments?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No, so the margins will be a Q4 impact. So the trim prices I spoke of, those will be a Q4 impact. That's why we're giving the guidance that we are on margins. And the way that our models work, our pricing models is that it pushes it forward a bit. And so it will be tight in Q4 and it will be a little bit into Q1. But that's what happens, particularly with trim. Beef 50s is the issue. And we are also looking at ways in which we can avoid that. There are certain price purchasing mechanisms we can use. We don't use the freezer historically a lot, but there are some things that I would say AdvancePierre has done that we want to take a look at, to make sure that we don't have that be a huge impact. But as you probably have seen, the beef 50s rose dramatically this year versus historically seasons.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, yes, thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And the next question will be from Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Looking at your Q4 guidance on the Pork segment, it's honestly a little more conservative than I would have expected. And you mentioned something in your prepared comments about increased global competition and labor costs. And just wondering, surmising maybe your increasing labor rates at some of your plants in anticipation of the new plants, or I just wonder if you could flesh out those comments and that outlook more for us.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure, Heather. Talking about labor rates, labor is tight all over. I'll say a few things, maybe Dennis, you can come over on this, but certainly labor is tight. We have added a lot of our operations double-digit increases on labor costs and wages that we're paying. And we see that as something that we have to do and we're happy to do it to make sure that we have the turnover levels lower than we've had in the past, and we do. We have better turnover levels. I would say that that is the reason why we are driving really hard against automation, something I spoke to in my prepared remarks. As it specifically relates to Pork, the biggest influence on margins is going to be the productive capacity that's coming on. We think we're still going to be in good balance. Our thoughts for 2018 are it's still above the normalized range of 6% to 8% ROS. But there's definitely going to be some equilibration that will happen to put us above the normalized range, but it's a moving, fluid thing. Exports remain extraordinarily strong. So more than 27% of production. It's up about 10% year over year. We are a preferred supplier, frankly, to the Pacific Rim markets. And we believe that, that's going to continue to take some of that productive capacity. But it's definitely going to be something that is going – we don't predict today that it's going to be as good as it has been in 2017 for those factors.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: And, Heather, as far as Q4 goes, as you know, Q4 is typically our weakest quarter in the Pork segment, so we were just factoring in our normal seasonality. But you could be right, we could be too conservative on those numbers.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And you've mentioned something earlier that I was actually going to ask you about. So AdvancePierre over the last two or three years have put in place, for lack of a better word, pricing mechanism where it tried to forward price. And so in the past, your legacy Prepared Foods as well as a lot of your chicken contracts, our cost pass-through or grain related or whatever, but they've been on a lag. And so I was wondering if you could speak to your ability to adopt more of their process in both Chicken and Prepared Foods or just the customer base to limit your ability to do that across most of the legacy Tyson business.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I would say there's really nothing that limits us. We have been really engaged deeply with understanding their pricing models. And I'm sure some of the teams are listening from AdvancePierre. We are extraordinarily excited about how they have been pricing to value, both on their Chicken business as well as Prepared Foods outside of Chicken, which frankly has been, I would say, the largest driver. So we will leverage everything that they know and use what we can to improve our system. As you know, Heather, we have many different pricing models. And I would say, like I said earlier in retail, pretty good pricing approach I'd say both at retail and foodservice, frankly. But I think there's a lot of improvement that can be made in the foodservice area specifically.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay, thank you so much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, thanks for taking my question.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: I wanted to ask you about the AdvancePierre synergies, and thank you for making the distinction between net and gross. So our analysis shows that on the Hillshire deal, around 50% to 70% of whatever you saved has in fact dropped down to the bottom line, so that's a significant number. But it is a gross number. And then on AdvancePierre, the synergy number is pretty large, and you've now said you have greater confidence in exceeding that number. So can you just talk to the sources of synergies and why the net number here is as high as it is and why you feel comfortable about that net number, especially given when you bought this business, it had already had a pretty significant margin improvement? So it's all great. We appreciate the numbers. But I'm just trying to get color on why you and we should have greater confidence about that $200 million dropping down to the bottom line. Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Absolutely. So, Akshay, the biggest thing to take away is that this synergy work is across the entire company. So these are not costs that are coming out of AdvancePierre. These are costs that are coming out of all of Tyson. And so the buckets, and it's too soon to discuss the sizes, but we will be in front of you talking in more detail, like I said. The typical areas are what you can think of. Procurement is a big bucket, manufacturing, certainly, logistics, distribution, transportation, redundant overhead, the teams that are running the integration have been extraordinarily aggressive. And they are very focused on making sure that they're dealing with costs, but also not damaging our growth potential. And so that's something, again, we haven't talked about in terms of revenue synergies, but very, very comfortable that will be in excess of $200 million on a net basis. As we finalize these targets, we'll give you more information, like I said, but those are the buckets. Extraordinarily exciting, the key takeaway is that it's across the entire Tyson Foods enterprise.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. And then on Chicken, another sort of long-term, big-picture question that you can maybe tie it into the 3% volume growth number that you're estimating for 2018. But what do you see as the margin up? Is there a big margin-up opportunity within Chicken? So you have a very good base business here. Is there an opportunity to make this a higher-margin branded business, more branded business down the road? And can you tie that in with sort of your near-term plans, right, where I think you've launched the ground chicken in your Tyson brand recently, and you're modeling a 3% volume increase. So can you help me, big picture, and then sort of bridge the gap a little bit with where you were in 2018? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. So we like Prepared Foods, we will continue to look at the margin structure, but let me come back to; we're not going to sacrifice growth. We are going to grow the business, and that is a unique thing about Tyson Foods, frankly, as it relates to all food players in the business today, is we are a growth company. So the margin structure will continue – we're happy to make more and more margin and we're going to play for that aggressively. And it'll be through creating more valuable products that consumers' love, customers' love that will continue to grow our volume, which we've been tremendously successful at. If that puts us in a point in time where we look at the normalized range we will do that, but the idea of us having the ability to do that, absolutely. And it's going to be on the back of innovation, just the way that we talked about, whether it's in fresh fruits, there's a lot of going on in the perimeter, as you're well aware, but also value-added foods that are finding ingredients, marination, meal kits. There's a lot of activity in the space. Chicken is extraordinarily exciting as a category for consumers and retailers, and we feel like our leadership position puts us in a great position to be the leader from the dialogue in both customer brands and our brands.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: And can you just talk a little bit most specifically about innovation that's underway in Chicken, so maybe some early reads? And a little more color on this 3% volume increase. I'm guessing most of it is from prepared chicken, but maybe some color as to where that consumer demand is coming from? Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Very, well. Yes, so remember, we're as big in foodservice as we are in retail. So there's a lot of innovation happening at foodservice on Chicken. And we'll be continuing to drive No Antibiotics Ever. Certainly, fully cooked. There's a lot of fully cooked businesses, we're a leader in that space, and we have more capacity coming online and different forms, different packaging types and, I would say, that cuts across all, whether it's fresh or fully cooked. So without tipping our hand too much, Akshay, there are some things that are in the pipeline that you'll see, when we're ready to talk about them, but rest assured that we feel really strongly about our overall innovation pipeline. And I would say, we do feel strongly about our businesses, specifically as it pertains to Chicken.
Operator: And the final question this morning will come from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. First, just a follow-up on the changes in management and the structure, you mentioned the flattening of the organization and just taking the opportunity to do that in light of AdvancePierre. But I know there's one line that Tyson will be going all-in on branded food in the future, and it can't depend on protein and feed cost cycles in the future. And I know that many of the same people and if something comes quite a bit and talking about Tyson is we're confused about this AdvancePierre acquisition, perhaps, being a first step in the journey towards that because many, perhaps, expecting branded in the food retail channel in particular. So if you have like sort of an end goal or big dream that this is signaling, we'd love to hear about that. Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Okay, thanks. It's a very good question, David's very long-term focused and I appreciate it. The AdvancePierre acquisition gave us capabilities, so production capabilities, markets extraordinarily strong, in the convenience market. And they are exceptional at delivering high-quality growth, whether it's a brand of their own or a customer brand. They figured out how to make money in both as we have with the two together, are about growth. So the long ball, if you will, is we're a growth company. So we're gaining traction and growing categories. Now we're going to be able to extend these capabilities into our brands, both on the legacy Tyson side as well as some of the APF brands, although they're more foodservice focused. Think about our strategy. We are all about growth, we're about delivering exceptional results and we're about doing it in a sustainable way. We talk about those three words all the time, grow, deliver and sustain, and that is what we want to do. Now as it pertains to branded business, we want to continue to grow our brands, and we will, as demonstrated by our track record in the Core 9. But make no mistake about it. We're going to be focused on growing our company as a growth food company, the largest food company, frankly, in the U.S. and to be really unapologetic as it relates to getting growth wherever it comes.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just a follow-up on the foodservice side, and thank you for that. You – we're seeing some pretty big market share swings right now in restaurants. It's easy to think because McDonald's is doing well that everything is going great in restaurants. But as you know, volume is – and traffic's down a lot of the places in restaurants. What does that mean to your business? And then in parallel, there's also a move towards a little bit more of – the people are upping the specs of their chicken at some of these big system distribution chains. Could you talk about mix impacts from all this stuff and what it means for your business? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. So yes, we're constantly moving around. One of the things that we have declared with this new organizational structure, to be honest, is that it's about making sure that we are focused, channel-agnostic on where the growth comes from. We are exceptional in foodservice. We're exceptional at retail. There's other channels that we play in, whether it's meats and so forth. But I would say that we're not choosy about where the growth comes from. We want to follow the consumer, and we want to, first and foremost, excite the consumer and excite our customers. We want them to be looking to us when they're looking for growth and protein in fresh foods. So as it pertains to where the volume moves and how operators are doing. I would say there's some real operator strength. We're focused, both in AdvancePierre and with Tyson, on broad-line distribution, where the growth is and making sure that we offer the right model for them to succeed. I don't have a view that – of the channels should make that amount very much different as it relates to our earnings potential and our growth trajectory, because we are a well-balanced company and channels. And so, we like that about our model, and so we're very aggressive growing wherever the growth may come.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Tom Hayes for his closing remarks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Excellent. Hey, well thanks for all the great questions. Before I go I just want to say Q3 was a strong quarter as you can see. We're wrapping up another record year. We feel great about 2018. We got to focus on the integration, executing our approach to what we call financial fitness across the board, growing sales, growing volume and growing EPS in the high single digits. That's our commitment. We believe that continuous improvement, and we believe in it, and that the fact that we are doing well, frankly, it's the best time to drive efficiency for the enterprise when we're performing well. And that's what we're doing and we're going to continue doing it. So thanks for the interest in our company. And I would say for all the team members from Tyson that are listening today, everywhere, thanks for everything you do for our great company. Very much appreciate it. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc. Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc. Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Brett Andress - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated second quarter earnings call for the 2017 fiscal year. On today's call are Tom Hayes, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplemental report on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings news release this morning which has been filed with the SEC on Form 8-K and also is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events, such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, May 8, 2017 at 9 AM Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Hayes.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thank you very much, Jon. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. We concluded a record first half in fiscal 2017, and we're off to a strong start in the second half. Because the seasonality of our business can distort our earnings from quarter-to-quarter, we get a better indication of performance trends if we look at the fiscal year in terms of front half and back half rather than four quarters. Q1 was very strong, our best quarter in company history. We knew that Q2 would be a challenge and it was due to typical seasonality and a late Easter. There're also some unexpected challenges, which I'll explain as I dive into the segments. But both combined, Q1 and Q2, made for a record first half that saw 17% improvement year-over-year. This gives us confidence in reiterating our adjusted EPS guidance of between $4.90 and $5.05 for the current year. Integration synergies for the second quarter were $173 million with $29 million incremental to Q2 of 2016. Total synergies through Q2 were $649 million and allowing us to increase compensation for team members in our plants, invest in innovation and build our brand, so lay the groundwork for a long future of growth. So, now let's move to our operating results. In the Beef segment, operating income for the second quarter was $126 million with an operating margin of 3.6%. Sales volume was down 1.1% as we ran our plans for the margin, not for market share. As price was down 3.1%, reflecting the continued lower cut-out due to improved cattle availability. Consumer demand for beef, both domestically and internationally, has remained strong and we're seeing especially strong pull for our Open Prairie Natural and Chairman's Reserve premium Beef and Pork programs which are showing double-digit growth. With continued robust exports, strong U.S. demand from consumers, increased cattle supplies, we're expecting Beef segment's operating margins to come in around 5% for fiscal 2017 and we believe the operating environment for 2018 will be just as strong. We intend to capitalize on the favorable market conditions and invest the considerable cash generated to fund the growth of our value-added Chicken and Prepared Foods businesses. The Pork segment's operating income in the second quarter was $141 million with a 10.8% operating margin. Volume was down 1.3% while average price was up nearly 11% due to tighter domestic availability resulting from heavy export demand. With hog supplies increasing 3% to 4% and continued strong export demand, we think the Pork segment's operating margin for the full year will come in around 12% and looks to stay strong into fiscal 2018. Like Beef, Pork is performing well above its normalized range of 6% to 8%. These commodity businesses are great contributors because of the cash they generate, the raw materials they supply for our Prepared Foods businesses, and the total protein portfolio we're able to offer our customers. So, now let's turn to our value-added businesses, beginning with Chicken. In the Chicken segment, Q2 operating income was $233 million with an 8.3% operating margin. Average price was up 4.3% on 2% lower volume due to operational disruptions as well as ongoing mix changes away from commodities towards higher-margin products. Value-added Chicken volume was up more than 4%. While the Chicken segment fell below its normalized operating margin range of 9% to 11%, it would have been within the normalized range had it not been for the fires we experienced in two of our plants. These unforeseen events cost about $0.04 in EPS and reduced volumes. Operating margin for the Chicken segment was 9% in the first half of the year, and we expect it to be in the 9% to 11% range for the full year and similar to that again next year. Demand for chicken looks strong enough to absorb the 1% to 2% additional supply projected by the USDA. However, we'll continue to balance our supply with our demand. In the Prepared Foods segment, adjusted operating income was $139 million in the second quarter, with a 7.9% adjusted operating margin. Operating income was adjusted by $52 million for an impairment related to our operation in San Diego. Average price was down less than 1%, while volume decreased 2.1%, mostly due to lower volume in the foodservice channel. Synergies for the Prepared Foods segment were $139 million for the second quarter, with $28 million incremental to Q2 of 2016. Within Prepared Foods, we continued to see strong growth in some areas and others that need work. We'll accelerate profitable growth with a very-focused, fix-and-grow approach. We're investing and improving our foodservice Prepared Foods business, including pizza toppings and ingredient meats, and as I explained in our Q1 call, this will take about 18 months and we're progressing as planned. Additionally, we're looking across the Prepared Foods portfolio to reduce costs by restructuring our manufacturing network as we reshape the portfolio through the acquisition of AdvancePierre, divest non-protein businesses, and focus on growth categories and growth channels. We're confident we'll drive long-term profitability. That said, we are still in the fix-it phase, and due to volume declines and increased costs in the foodservice Prepared Foods business, we're lowering our expectations for the year to 9% return on sales for the segment. We expect it to return to normalized range within fiscal 2018. The challenges I've referred to are specific to the foodservice channel within Prepared Foods. The retail business continues to perform very well, growing both volume and share, while delivering strong financial performance. As we reap the benefits of the investments in our retail-branded business, improve the performance in the foodservice Prepared business and see the effects of focused M&A and divestiture of non-core assets, we should realize our long-term goal of improving margins, while outpacing industry growth. As I mentioned, we continue to optimize our footprint to support our protein-packed strategy and shape our product portfolio. Two weeks ago, we announced the intention to sell the Sara Lee Frozen Bakery, Kettle and Van's non-protein businesses to acquire AdvancePierre Foods. With the acquisition, we expect to realize cost synergies of more than $200 million within three years, and it's important to understand that the synergies will come from the combination of the two businesses, regardless of whether it's Tyson or AdvancePierre. We see the acquisition increasing the scale of our Prepared Foods offerings with ready-to-eat sandwiches, sandwich components, entrees, and snacks. AdvancePierre brings strong branded presence in the foodservice channel, in addition to capabilities that will enhance our innovation pipeline in retail packaged brands and our ability to drive profitable growth at the store perimeter. So now let's move on to what we're seeing in the sales channels. Overall, foodservice growth has been driven by check size, as traffic has been flat to declining for four consecutive quarters. QSR chicken, where we're very strong, continues to be a bright spot, with traffic growing in the mid-single digits. Within broad line distributors, our focus five businesses continued to grow in the second quarter, driven by value-added chicken, breakfast sausage, and dinner sausage. At retail, total food and beverage sales volume was down 0.5%, while dollar sales were up only 0.4%. Tyson once again went against the trend, and we were the only top 10 CPG retail food manufacturer to grow both volume and dollar sales. According to IRI, for the 13 weeks ended April 16, we grew total Tyson volume 5.3%, and Tyson Core 9 posted 5% growth. In sales dollars, total Tyson and Core 9 were both up around 4%. We also grew share in seven of nine categories. We continue our proven track record of innovation in retail and foodservice behind successful launches of Jimmy Dean Frittatas and Stuffed Hash Browns, Tyson FoodService Fully Cooked Drumsticks, and Buffalo Chicken Crispitos. We're on schedule to transition all of Tyson retail branded chicken production to No Antibiotics Ever in June, an innovation consumers and customers are demanding. And we'll be launching organic chicken under our NatureRaised Farms brand in July. Additionally, we've expanded our Tyson Tastemakers platform beyond e-commerce to include an introductory group of retailers in the Texas region. So before I turn it over to Dennis, I'd like to say a few words about sustainability. First, Justin Whitmore joined our leadership team on May 1 as Tyson Foods' first Chief Sustainability Officer, and we're excited to have his leadership as sustainability comes to the forefront of the company. We recently unveiled our strategic intent to sustainably feed the world with the fastest-growing portfolio of protein-packed brands. As a part of our focus on sustainable food production at scale, we've committed to expanding our efforts to create a better workplace for our team members in our production facilities. We've always been committed to safety, sound workplace practices, and supporting our team members, but we want to do better. We announced last month we're taking steps to expand training, improve workplace safety, improve compensation, and increase transparency. We've announced ambitious goals, and we'll be sharing the results of third-party social compliance audits of our plants. As we raise the world's expectations for how much good food can do, we are raising the bar for ourselves. By investing in sustainability, we'll create a beneficial cycle that pays for itself over time. To be successful, we must step up our focus on continuous improvement to reduce waste and costs. And with the addition of AdvancePierre, we'll be even more aggressive in utilizing Lean Six Sigma practices throughout the organization. That wraps up my remarks for the quarter, and now Dennis will take us through the financials.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We delivered record EPS and operating income for the first half of fiscal 2017, as record results in our Beef and Pork segments are providing fuel for growth in our value-added Chicken and Prepared Foods segments. We remain on track for our fifth straight record year, as our diversified portfolio of protein-packed brands and ongoing investments in our businesses continue to provide strong, stable growth. Revenues for the first half of fiscal 2017 were flat compared to prior year, and were slightly down in our second quarter to $9.1 billion, as lower beef prices were partially offset by higher pork and chicken prices. Adjusted operating income for the first half of fiscal 2017 was a record $1.6 billion, up 8% over a strong comparable period last year. Adjusted operating income for Q2 was $623 million, which includes $23 million of costs associated with two chicken plant fires and $14 million of incremental costs from standardizing our benefits and compensation structure. Total company adjusted return on sales was a record 8.8% for the first half of the year, with our Beef, Pork, and Chicken segments all within or above their normalized ranges. Our record adjusted EPS of $2.60 for the first half of fiscal 2017 represents a 17% increase over $2.22 last year. Our operating cash flow through the first two quarters was just shy of $1 billion, and we spent $467 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $153 million, as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. During the first half of the year, we repurchased 10.2 million shares for $653 million, which includes 2.1 million shares for $133 million in Q2. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 34.5% on an adjusted basis. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA for the past 12 months was 1.7 times. Including cash of $243 million, net debt was $6.2 billion, and total liquidity was approximately $1 billion. Net interest expense was $55 million during Q2. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were 370 million. Pre-tax ROIC for the past 12 months was just under 19%. Two weeks ago, we announced our agreement to acquire the tremendous business of AdvancePierre. We expect this acquisition will close this year in our fiscal third quarter, pursuant to completion of the necessary closing conditions. Our Prepared Foods segment will benefit significantly with its complementary portfolio of products and market-leading convenience food capabilities. The addition of AdvancePierre is expected to be immediately accretive to EPS and cash flow, and is expected to create approximately $200 million in cost synergies within the next three years. These synergies are expected to come from manufacturing, procurement and distribution efficiencies as well as addressing duplicative corporate overhead of the combined companies. Upon closing, our last 12 months pro forma adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA is expected to be around 2.7 times. We are committed to investment-grade ratings. And with the strong cash flows we expect to generate organically, along with divestiture proceeds and the incremental cash flows from this acquisition, we anticipate to quickly delever to bring our net debt to adjusted EBITDA down to around 2 times by the end of fiscal 2018. In addition, as Tom pointed out, we announced our plan to sell three non-protein businesses currently included in our Prepared Foods segment, as we continued to sharpen our focus on our core businesses and expand our protein leadership in retail and foodservice. We expect to record a net gain as a result of the sale and use the proceeds to delever following the AdvancePierre acquisition. Now here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2017. Please note that because of the timing of the planned divestitures is fluid and could (17:10) fall into fiscal 2018, the following outlook does not reflect the impact of these divestitures. In addition, this outlook assumes the closing of AdvancePierre in our third quarter. We expect revenues of around $37 billion as we grow volume across each segment, offset by the impact of lower beef prices. Adjusted net interest expense should approximate $275 million as a result of the incremental borrowings in our third quarter to fund the AdvancePierre acquisition. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 34.1%. CapEx is expected to approximate $1 billion, as we focus on capacity expansion and operational improvements that create long-term shareholder value. Based on our average share price in Q2, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 370 million. During the first half of fiscal 2017, we produced record financial results while making significant investments in CapEx, network optimization, talent, safety and animal well-being that will lay the foundation for sustainable, long-term growth. Despite $23 million of incremental costs related to two chicken plant fires as well as an incremental $72 million investment in our team related to standardizing our benefits and compensation plans, our record results in the first half of fiscal 2017 gives us guidance to reaffirm our annual adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.90 to $5.05. This range is approximately 12% to 15% over a record fiscal 2016 adjusted EPS and represents a five-year compounded annual growth rate of approximately 20%. In closing, the back half of the year is expected to be strong, and we're excited about the growth opportunities we see in the AdvancePierre acquisition, as we remain focused on investing for the future to deliver shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Denise, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And your first question will come from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, guys. The Prepared Foods profit was lighter than we had expected. You cite the foodservice sales declines in that segment. Could you talk a little bit more about the nature of those declines and the outlook for potential improvement? And I have a follow-up.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, David.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes. The sales were certainly not what we expected for sure, as foodservice channel has been a little bit lighter than retail, particularly for us I would say. And so we do have some challenges also in predominantly the legacy Tyson Prepared Foods of foodservice business. In order to get our portfolio back to where it needs to be, profitable growth and the ROS we expect, we are doing a number of things: shifting channel mix and customers to a certain degree to capture growth; leaning out SG&A, doing some manufacturing work on costs. And we feel good about where we're headed, but we do still have some challenges, and certainty, in Q2, the volume didn't help the situation as we had some under-absorbed overhead at some of those plants.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And from the guidance or in that specific guidance, you say 9% margin, which I guess implies a similar margin for the second half. Is this going to be a multi-quarter turn in the business?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: It is. Like I said, the retail business continues to do very well. It's the foodservice prepared business, and we do see that's going to take some time to get that back to where it needs to be. I also said, in 2018, we believe it will be back within the range as Prepared Foods...
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Yeah.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: (21:24) set up.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And speaking of 2018, I know it's a little early, but what is your early thinking about the earnings outlook for that year?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. We think 2018, at least this is the way that I see it right now that we are going to continue to grow, certainly, where we want to grow, value-added versus commodity, both on Chicken and Prepared Foods. The Core 9, as you see, continues to do really well. The perimeter of the grocery store is doing fantastic. We benefit from that. And certainly, the products that we're focused on in foodservice, the focus five products, are doing very well in broadline distribution. So we just talked about prepared beef, looks to be good next year as it is this year just about as good. 5% is where we're saying we're going to wind up. Supply is looking very strong. Pork, I'd say, we'll benefit from livestock supply, very strong export markets, and we'll deal with more slaughter capacity which we talked about in the past coming on in the industry. Still above the normalized range is where we see it. So Pork feels good. Chicken will benefit from the move to NAE. Just announced today moving towards organic in July, and we'll have a better mix. So Chicken will be within the ranges the way that we see it today. And then just as we continue to drive the acquisition synergies, I feel great about where we're going to wind up longer term with Prepared Foods. So not necessarily coming in 2018, but that normalized range I think will become something for us to take a look at because the synergies, I think, are going to be exceptional, also revenue synergies beyond costs. So I hope that answers your question.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: The next question will be from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe digging in a little bit more into the Chicken performance in the quarter. The profit in the segment was down $114 million year on year. I think based on all those things that were disclosed in the 10-Q, you can isolate about $80 million of that between the plant fires, feed, compensation, you alluded to higher grow-out and outside meat purchases. But you also had a pretty nice benefit from price/mix year-on-year. So I'm hoping if you could just talk about the Chicken business and maybe the part of that bridge that we're missing and maybe the impact of that as you think about the balance of the year.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. As you said, I think we had a really good quarter, but for the fires, which we don't look past. We are certainly focused on the root cause of those to make sure that that's not – so it's something (24:04) we can control it as part of our future. But Q2 ended up at 8.3%. The effect of the fires really put us in a situation where we felt like we had a great quarter running and that is not just the cost of the fires but also the volume that it cost us. That certainly impacted us. The other thing we haven't talked about much is that there was AI events during the quarter, which we just came in and out of I think with a very strong approach. So for the balance of the year I think we feel great about it in the middle of the normalized range between 9% to 11%. We expect our value-added to continue to grow, and that's both frozen and fresh, taking advantage of low-cost raw material, add equipment capacity, the capacity we just added this last year is almost full and we're in the process of adding more, our mix is improving, focused on reducing the cost structure. As I mentioned, the CII plan is continuing to drive continuous improvement, continuing to drive more and more focus on the right costs and getting waste out. And our Chicken business continues to improve or grow in the right areas. And I think we're going to see that continue to strengthen.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's some helpful color. And then maybe a longer term question. And, Tom, I want to go back to something you said on the AdvancePierre call a couple weeks ago that there's a new CEO, new management team, and a new strategy for Tyson and I appreciate some of the discussion at CAGNY and more recently about the sustainability efforts. But maybe talk about how investors could actually perceive that change in strategy as it impacts the financial results. And AdvancePierre, I think investors could have imagined Tyson doing that acquisition a year ago. So it's not clear that AdvancePierre is necessarily evidence of a new strategy, but maybe talk a little bit about what's really changed within the organization outside of the leadership team and how investors can look at that? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. Yes. I'll address that, Adam. We finished our strategic planning process as a company end of February, beginning of March time period. And part of that was to make sure that we had a razor-sharp execution of where we want to play in addition to where we don't want to play, and getting a better understanding of the role of our businesses in the portfolio, whether they're value-add or commodity. The discussion about AdvancePierre has been going on for some time, and as it relates to us being in a position after closing out our strategic focus, so it's clear to us that the perimeter of the store, convenience channel, being in proteins was something we wanted to continue to sharpen and play at a higher level. So for us, that acquisition certainly plays in all those spaces. So for us, it's about growth, growth continually. We certainly know that packaged food has had its challenges. And as we look to continue to invest in areas that consumers want, this became absolutely crystal to us, this was going to be a fantastic acquisition for Tyson. So the way to think about it, why now versus then, they've also – I mentioned this on the call when we talked about the AdvancePierre acquisition. Their team has done an amazing job of putting that company in a place where they have taken a lot of costs out. They've refocused on growth. They have continued to excel at practically everything that they're doing through a very disciplined approach. I'm really looking forward to having them join the team and help us in the areas that we don't have the prowess that they do. So for all the reasons that I mentioned, and hopefully the timing is explained there, I think this is going to be excellent for our shareholders.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for the question. Could you just help me clarify? I'm a little confused, and I think some investors are too, exactly what's included in guidance, and what's not, from AdvancePierre? I understand interest expense guidance includes it. It seemed from the press release like sales exclude it, but I wasn't 100% sure on what you were saying earlier about earnings. If you could just walk me through that, I would appreciate it.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hi, Ken, this is Dennis. We are including AdvancePierre, but the way we think about it is more like one full quarter in our fourth quarter. We're not exactly sure in June when it closes. So it has a little bit of a impact there. But to be clear, it is in our forecast.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: For every line item, just to be sure?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: One thing I would call out, Ken, real quickly though, is, we will have merger and integration costs, and so we will separate those out.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, sure, I understand that. Thanks, Dennis, for that. And then my follow-up is, I wanted to ask a little bit about going fully antibiotic-free in chicken, which I think long term is clearly the way the market's going. Some of your peers we've talked to, though, have talked about maybe some margin struggles initially when this happens, because your costs go up faster than your pricing can necessarily be taken. So first, I'm curious, is this something that you expect to happen in your business as well? And is that in guidance? And secondly, if not, I'm just curious, what would be different for you than maybe some of your smaller peers out there that have sort of expressed this concern?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. Ken, of course I won't talk about our peers, but what I will say is that this is not a brand-new thing for us. We talked about how NAE has been something that we've been working on. And as we continue to improve operations, it puts us in a position where we were able to go the final step. The cost structure is anything that would be impacting the cost structure, certainly in our guidance. But I would say that Noel White and Doug Ramsey and the entire team has been pushing aggressively just to get us in a position where we can execute NAE and make sure the cost structure is as good, if not better. Now so that is – what we've learned through the process is that it continues to make us better as we push ourselves. So I can't speak to peers necessarily in our industry, but I can tell you that for us, we feel great about our cost structure and great that we're going to be NAE across the retail brand in June.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You are welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Farha Aslam of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Question about acquisitions. Could you just remind us exactly how much, in terms of synergies, you expect from the Hillshire transaction now and the $200 million from AdvancePierre? If we think back (31:11) generally, is there a target that you have of how much needs to be reinvested back into the business, and how much you anticipate letting fall to the bottom line?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. As it relates to Hillshire, I mean, I'll have (31:24) Dennis just talk about that real quickly, and then let me start by saying, the two are very different. We invested a lot, as you well know, in innovation, brand building, and setting ourselves up for continued growth on the Hillshire acquisition. So certainly, there was a lot of reinvestment. Don't anticipate the same for AdvancePierre. I think what we'll see is that revenue synergies will come with time, and we will be focused on getting the redundant costs out, and it's both teams. I was with the AdvancePierre team couple weeks ago and we talked about it. This is a team event for all Tyson team members, when they become Tyson team members, for us to focus on costs because it's there. But I would say, as it relates to investing that back, that was more of a Hillshire phenomenon. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: As far as the synergies go on Hillshire, we initially started at $500 million, took it up to $700 million cumulatively. We backed it down to $675 million, simply because there is going to be some more carryover into 2018. So, again, think about $675 million on a cumulative basis and more than $700 million in 2018 and beyond.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, could we go back to Chicken? You said very specifically that you expect margins to be in the normalized range into next year as well. Is there something with the plant fires that will continue? Is there a level of investment that we need to think about that will keep those margins in the normalized range, whereas before, given the low feed cost and very good pricing for commodity chicken, there was an opportunity for it to be ahead of your long-term normalized range?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. So a couple of things, Farha. One is we're not giving specific guidance as it relates to 2018 yet. What we're doing is telling you how we're feeling about how it's setting up. As it relates to 2017, the second half of our year looks to be within that range. And based on everything that we see now, we have improved our mix, we're continuing to do all the things that we want to do. But as it relates to the plant fires, that's going to be something that will be behind us. It's not any continuing expense. The team has done an amazing job putting us back in the right footing. But as we see it today, improving our mix, focusing on reducing the cost structure, taking advantage of the low-cost raw material environment, talk about our food capacity, all those give us the full confidence that between 9% to 11% is where we'll wind up for 2017.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. Hi. I had a quick question on Beef. You all's outperformance jumped dramatically during the quarter, and just was wondering if you could give us a sense of the cause. Because if we look at beef prices during the quarter, they were up less than live cattle costs were, particularly in the Northern regions, which I know you'll tend to be more exposed to the Northern regions. So I was wondering us if you could help us understand how that drove that outperformance? And the second part of that question is your confidence with 5% margins for the year, given what we've seen in Beef margins over the last few weeks, given the rally in live cattle costs, just seems like maybe you'll are doing something different in that business. And just help us understand what's going on there?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure, Heather. Like we said when we were talking at the CAGNY and otherwise, Q2 is always a little bit choppy, and you never know what's going to come at you, certainly as it pertains to beef; that's true. I would say that are our team has done an incredible job. Steve Stouffer and the team in our first meats group continue to execute against the fundamentals. And without commenting against our competition, I feel good about what our team does. 2017 continues to look strong for us. As we are in the Midwest, there should be more cattle coming to market for us. We believe the margins for this year, as we said, it will be at an exceptional level. Q1 was very strong. Q2 came back a little bit. But as it looks like Q3 and Q4, they have the potential to be very good. We certainly didn't have – it wasn't without some challenges, certainly, in Q2. It's been up and down from both a supply and demand standpoint. But what I'd say is, for us, just focusing on the fundamentals and making sure that we're driving the right thing that's what continues to set us apart from our view.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: And then on Pork, sort of a similar question. I noticed your volumes were down, and I mean, weights were down a little bit during the quarter, but it seems like more that your head had to have been down despite heads for the industry being up. So was wondering if this was a margin versus market share decision and if that's going to be your strategy going forward with the new slaughter capacity, if you're going to just choose margins over market share and possibly kill less just to be able to maintain that. Just if you could give us some color on that.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say that is the case, Heather, but we'll manage our business the best that we can for Tyson. And certainly, seems to be large supply products (37:12) coming 3% to 4% more head or so. What's nice is the demand for U.S. pork continues to be extremely strong. None of us see any signs of that slowing down. And exports have been incredible. So that for us, as long as that continues, that's going to put us in a good position. So sustained demand, great hog supplies, we remain in balance in our thoughts for this year. We're feeling good. And like I said on my a prepared remarks, 2018 is looking to be very strong above the normalized range, not as good as probably as high as 2017, but above the normalized range. And so that's the way that we see it.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, you're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. This is actually Lubi. I am filling in for Akshay. I wanted to ask a question on your Chicken segment. So if I just look at Chicken segment margins over the last maybe 1 year, 1.5 years, it does seem like they've trended down somewhat, although that's been primarily related to looks like some execution issues maybe on this mix shift strategy towards value-added, which is obviously a key element of the future growth prospects for that business. So can you just talk maybe a little bit about what's driving? There seems to have been, I guess, a little bit more in terms of execution issues over the last couple quarters. And then does this have any impact potentially, in your view, on the long-term growth prospects for this segment? And then I have a follow-up.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, so, Lubi, I would say that execution issue, the plant fires certainly are an execution issue, I guess, you could say, something that we don't certainly plan for. Tyson has been much less volatile, I would say, than the typical commodity player. Diversification of our product types, pricing models, reduced export closure really helps us stabilize margins. So, as we said, ex the fire cost, $0.04 EPS would have been added back. I think that would have put us in a great spot right within our normalized range. So the continued strong execution against our business is going to give us long-term EBIT growth. Where we will see some differences is the lack of volatility, and certainly, as it pertains to our business, that's what we play for.
Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then the second question, also on Chicken. So at CAGNY, you spoke about some new products that you have planned in the Chicken segment. And you also mentioned in your prepared remarks today about ongoing mix changes in the Chicken business. Could you just talk a little bit about the progress that you've made on some of these initiatives, maybe where we are in terms of timing and rollout and, just generally, how you're thinking about the potential contribution from these new items into fiscal 2017 and 2018? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, certainly. We continue to be very focused on conversion of dark meat into, what I call, first-run products, that's something that the team has made tremendous progress against. And so those are a number of different forums to speak to your question directly. The 100% NAE on the Tyson retail brand will be up and running by next month. So we love that because it's making a lot of progress in a very consumer relevant area. It's a bit of (40:54) issue for, certainly, consumers, but we feel that, that is going to set us apart as the world's largest NAE producer of Chicken. Also, we talked about Nature Raised Organic, so that comes in July, but that is also going to be – it's a growing space. It's much smaller for sure, but it's a growing space for us and we feel like that's going to be an important development for Tyson. Just to wrap up with ground chicken, ground poultry, predominantly Turkey, is a $1 billion space. For us, we feel like we can play there and can play effectively. And so we're extremely excited about that launch as well, and that's all – all those things that we talked about at CAGNY are on track.
Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. I just wanted to talk recently about some of the recent storms in Colorado and the impact that might have on cattle supplies and weights this year and how much of an impact you think that's having on packer margins over the last couple of weeks. And is there any sustainable impact from that?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Certainly. Certainly, Michael, there's been an impact. First off, I would say our hearts go out to those cattlemen for sure because, by some estimates, there were thousands of cattle lost in the storm, so we are very sensitive to that. And so we certainly want to make sure that we express that. Our plants typically have enough breadth and scale to adjust, and it looks like there's going to be certainly, some of – there has been some effect, there is some effect. Anything that we see today is built into our outlook. So again, tragic loss for the producers there, but for us we feel like we are going to be in a fine position going forward, and hopefully, something like that doesn't happen again.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then switching over to Prepared Foods, just trying to understand by the time, I guess, fiscal 2018 rolls around, I mean, would you expect AdvancePierre Foods to be accretive to your Prepared Foods margin? You talked about getting back to a normalized range. Or is that something that you would expect initially, because of increased brand spending they might be a little below your normalized margin on a standalone basis and as you invest in the business that, over time, it would reach your normalized range? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome. Two things, absolutely accretive. Second thing is it's going to put us in a position, as we look long-term, to look again at what our normalized range is for Prepared Foods, because that's going to be a tremendous margin business for us. But more so, just continue to come back to growth. We are acquiring a company that has been growing, is going to support our growth, not just in the convenience channel and in the retail store perimeter, but there are capabilities that we're going to leverage for our Tyson brand that we already have in the portfolio. So as we continue to make the most out of this, it will not be reinvestment in the brands per se that AdvancePierre has all over going to support those (44:06). It's going to be really focusing on the capabilities this brings to excite consumers against where they're headed. This is the reason why we did it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just a couple of questions. As you evaluate the AdvancePierre acquisition, can you talk about – you did say though that the $200 million of synergies is both combined as well as individual. Did I hear that right? And can you talk about the buckets to which the synergies will come from? That's my first question. The second question is, so as you evaluate the Prepared Foods margins, what will go into the determination of where you think that will go? Because again, you started out with Hillshire as 9% to 11%, we're kind of now in that 9% region. Is there a potential where we could see 13%, 14%, 15% margins? How do you think about that?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Nothing's off the table in terms of margin upside. What I would say is, we're not going to sacrifice growth, we're going to continue to grow. So we want to make the right margins, we want to have affordable food, and we want it to continue to be growing, is what we're focused on, Ken. So, as it relates to the question on the synergy buckets, you got it right. Absolutely, it's going to come from both sides. We feel like, as we get through the integration process, we're going to find that AdvancePierre is going to make Tyson, legacy Tyson, better. The whole company is going to benefit. In terms of the specific areas, clearly, procurement, we see manufacturing, like I talked about, logistics for sure, so warehousing and transportation, clearly redundant overhead, with two publicly-traded companies. Too soon to disclose the exact size of that, but the synergies are coming from both businesses. And we are going to, on top of cost synergies, grow. So we feel very comfortable with the overall target. It's going to put us into a position of great confidence to improve the margin structure over time. And again, just emphasize, not to sacrifice growth.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just Dennis, just one housekeeping question. What is the cost in 2017 that won't recur in 2018, aside from the fire? I just wanted to kind of aggregate them up, because you're including in your underlying performance, but I think there are some costs that may not be recurring, such as maybe...?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: That's a great question. As a reminder, last quarter, we talked about vacation and holiday pay and those kinds of things, the true up both companies and the cumulative number was about $58 million, and about 80% of that was more or less a one-time event, so call it $50 million or so. And then you're right, the plant fires would be in there as well.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Brett Andress of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brett Andress - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Brett.
Brett Andress - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I just wanted to go back to Chicken because, relative to 90 days ago, really the segment guidance range, I think, has been stepped down somewhat, even when you exclude the costs. And at the same time, I think the outlook for the industry, we would argue, has improved pretty meaningfully. So I was hoping you could kind of square those two and maybe provide a little bit more color as to why we shouldn't see the improvement that maybe some would have expected in Chicken as we go through the balance of the year?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: So I'll come back to just kind of, Brett, tagging on to the question that Ken asked is that our margin is going to be also indicative of where we are planning to grow. So we are not going to have a margin structure that does not allow us to continue to grow and provide our products at the right prices. So for the range, I think, 9% to 11% is the range we feel comfortable about with having a growth profile. So delivering within that for the year, feel very strong about. And I will say that we are very bullish about what Chicken looks like for 2017 and for 2018, frankly. So, continuing to improve our mix, we're off to a very strong start in Chicken for Q3. May is traditionally the start of the grilling season. Margins tend to follow that. Inventories are in a good position. We're operating in a range that really puts us in line with our targets and the ability to continue to drive growth at those margin rates. That's what I'd say.
Brett Andress - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be a follow-up from Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Thanks for taking the follow-up. I wanted to go back to guidance, and I know, in answer to someone's question, you've said that AdvancePierre is implied in all lines of guidance. So I was just curious, when the outlook language for Prepared for the full year, when you talk about it being margins approximating 9%, my gut is that comment excludes AdvancePierre, but I want to double-check on that?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No, it includes AdvancePierre; if anything, we might be modestly conservative on that.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Can you help me understand is there some – what's the word I'm looking for, some seasonality to Advance (49:40), because I mean, their margin structure is robust. And I know you're only talking about them being in there for one quarter. But still, you would think that would bring up the total pretty substantially. So can you help me understand, is there some major seasonality that Q4 is not a big margin quarter for them or something?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Certainly they have a very seasonal business as it relates to schools. And so some of that product will certainly flow through at the beginning of the school season, but then sort of into what would be our Q1. So we want to make sure that what we're doing is integrating this in the right way. And to be clear, Heather, we're not giving guidance right now. What we're talking about is how we feel about the business, and we feel like those margins are going to be certainly strong. But we have to learn more. So we'll be prepared in Q3 to talk more specifically about 2018 guidance. But the feeling right now is that, because their business does start to pick up during the school year, we got to see what that looks like as we get the two businesses together.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And one more follow-up, quickly. So, sitting back and listening to this call, my take is, you're intending to grow Prepared and Chicken on the top line pretty substantially. And so those margins may be restrained as you invest, whereas for, it sounds like your Beef and your Pork business as you intended for those to be essentially cash cows to fund that growth. So, we talked about earlier, in the Pork side, there is significant slaughter capacity coming on. My estimate is somewhere in the 10% to 15% range over the next year-and-a-half, which is going to outpace hog supply growth. So going back to that whole margin versus market share comment, in order to retain the cash cow nature of that business, I mean, should we think that you all will be willing to even close a plant if that's required to maintain the strong margins that that segment has enjoyed over the last couple of years?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Heather, we're not going to talk about those sort of things here, but what I can say is that there is going to be some level of equilibration in the industry. We see that the segment, the Pork segment will still be above its normalized range for 2018. But the other thing we just haven't talked a lot about is the export demand. Export demand remains very strong, and that should benefit us. We are a preferred pork supplier, particularly to the Pacific Rim markets. There is a lot of questions, but I would say that for us, we feel good. We feel good about, certainly, 2017 and 2018 setting up a little lighter based on some of this capacity coming on, but we still think 2018 sets up well.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much for taking the follow-up.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And the next question will be a follow-up from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks. Yeah. Thanks so much for letting me ask one more. I know you're hesitant, I understand why, to give details on AdvancePierre's impact on this year. And I realize it's impossible to know. But most of the questions I'm getting from investors this morning, and I imagine most of the questions, my peers in this call are getting too. We are just trying to figure some of this out. So, if you can indulge me for a moment, I think of it this way, AdvancePierre generates maybe $55 million, $60 million a quarter. That's the benefit you're getting in the fourth quarter. Interest expense guidance went up by $45 million. That's the cost. You're talking a net benefit of maybe $10 million to $15 million in added (53:23) added, I guess, net income from the deal before any synergies. Is that reasonable for us to look at it that way? Or am I missing something important in that analysis?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: It's pretty close, Ken. The one thing you're missing is incremental depreciation and amortization. We haven't had that valuation work done. So we don't know what that number is, so that would take a little bit off. On the interest expense side, really it depends entirely upon when we close. So is it early June? Is it late June? That's the swing there.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's fine. Thanks, Dennis, so much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Tom Hayes for his closing remarks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thank you very much. Again, great questions. And I'll just say, again, we wrapped up an excellent first half at Tyson. We feel the second half is off to a solid start. We feel great about where we are now, and we're well positioned for fiscal 2018. And we'll continue to be as transparent as we can be on all the things that are going to help you value our company and we're really looking forward to this acquisition and making a great thing for you as investors and Tyson Foods' family. Thank you for your interest, appreciate it and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc. Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc. Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.
Analysts: Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods first quarter earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
Jon Kathol - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated first quarter earnings conference call of the 2017 fiscal year. On today's call are Tom Hayes, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today's prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplemental report on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings news release this morning which has been filed with the SEC on Form 8-K and also is available on our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to current events, such as Tyson's outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to the risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday February 6, 2017 at 9 AM Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Hayes.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Jon. Having grown up in New England, I want to start by saying congratulation to the Super Bowl 51 Champion New England Patriots. They set some records last night and we're setting some records ourselves here today. On my first earnings call as President and CEO, I'm thrilled to share great results that Tyson Foods family delivered in the first quarter of fiscal year in 2017. It's an incredibly exciting time at Tyson as we position ourselves for the next stage of growth and I'm looking forward to leading our team as we seek to improve the value of our company for all of our stakeholders. Let's talk about our Q1, which is the best quarter in the company's history with record earnings, operating income and cash flows. Return on sales was in or above the normalized range for each of our segments and total company operating margin was a record 10.7%. In the first quarter, we capitalized on favorable market conditions in our Beef and Pork segments and the cash generated is providing fuel for growth in our value-added Chicken and Prepared Foods segments. As we outlined in our year-end 2016 call, our earnings were negatively impacted in the fourth quarter by $35 million in mark-to-market and lower cost-to-market accounting treatments. This benefited our Q1 results as we started getting this back. Synergies for the quarter were $161 million, with $40 million incremental to the Q1 of 2016. Total synergies to-date are $620 million. And now for an update on our operating results which illustrates the advantage of our balanced portfolio with strong performances across the board. We'll start with Fresh Meats. In the Beef segment, our operating income was a record $299 million, with a record operating margin of 8.5%. Volume was up 4.5%, while average price was down 6.6% reflecting the lower cut-out. Plentiful cattle supplies and lower consumer pricing that stimulated both domestic and export demand contributed to the record results. Our Beef business has been challenged in the past few weeks with typical seasonality, however with cattle supplies expected to increase 3% to 4%, the remainder of the year should be very strong. At this point, we're estimating Beef segments operating margin for the year to be around 5%. The Pork segments operating income for Q1 was a record $247 million, with a record 19.7% operating margin. Volume was up 4.3%, while average price was down 1%. Demand was strong and especially in the export markets. The USDA recently issued a report stating that China will likely remain a large importer of pork given its rising production costs, constraints on land use, and stricter environmental regulations. While Tyson Foods doesn't export a significant amount of pork to China, other U.S. packers do, which creates domestic disappearance. We're certainly aware of the additional capacity coming online, but there appears to be enough hog production to support these plants, and continuing export demand should absorb the additional supply. At this point, we don't know how any changes in the U.S. trade policy might affect exports of pork or other proteins, but in general, trade restrictions that impact export demand also can affect domestic supply. We're planning for different scenarios and will be prepared to adapt if there's any change in policy. Now turning to our Chicken and Prepared Foods segments. In our Chicken segment, our first quarter operating income was $263 million, with a 9.7% operating margin. Average price was up 1.4% and volume was up 1.3%. Value-added volume was up 5%, while commodity volume declined, demonstrating that we're growing where we want to grow with products carrying higher, more stable margins. Sales price was up due to these mixed changes offsetting general market declines. Costs increased in part due to additional mass spending to support growth in the Tyson brand. We expect more pricing pressure from competing proteins for chicken while our feed costs are projected to be flat with last year. With our predominantly value-added mix, the Chicken segment should be in the upper end of its normalized range of 9% to 11% return on sales for the year. In our Prepared Foods segment, operating income in the first quarter was $190 million with a 10% operating margin. Average price was down 2.9%, reflecting lower raw material costs passed through to customers, volume increased to 2.9% offsetting lower pricing. Synergies within the Prepared Foods segment were $127 million for the quarter, with $32 million incremental to Q1 of 2016. As a reminder, not all of the synergies flow to the bottom line as we invest in the long-term health of the business. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we expect flat input costs, but we also expect a more competitive pricing environment given overall protein availability. Something very important to me, in seeing our company along its path to achieving its fullest growth potential is investing in our facilities to support that growth. As such, I want to make you aware of an important investment initiative we've undertaken that will affect the Prepared Foods segment for approximately 18 months. Within Prepared Foods, we have two well-developed businesses in both retail and food service channels. These channels are complementary in reaching all consumers. Our scale in both channels provides a natural volume hedge as consumer eating behavior shifts between channels. This leadership position is increasingly critical as channels blur chasing rapidly growing convenience and on-the-go occasions as exemplified by the rise of e-commerce meal kits. Our retail channel consists of primarily category-defining branded products and is propelled by industry-leading marketing capabilities as well as a well-supported asset base. It has gross margins as robust as any in the industry and growth rates that lead the industry. The food service channel is also characterized by industry-leading share positions across more than 10 categories. In contrast to retail, in food service, we play in primarily unbranded price-driven categories that are highly competitive and can be volatile as they absorb swings in commodity. These category and channel positions are strategically important for long-term growth, but generally operate at margins below those realized by our retail brands. Network investments to upgrade capacity and throughput for long-term growth have increased the cost structure in our plants that serve the food service channel and further pressured margins. As the capacity investments translate into improved efficiency and volume growth over the next 18 months, these pressures will abate, but in the interim they will continue to compress margins possibly dropping the segment below 10% return on sales for the year and around 9% for the second quarter. Let's now turn to a view on total company growth. Our sales volume across all segments rolled up to 2.4% growth. Our retail channel showed the most volume growth in the company versus Q1 last year with a 6.6% increase. IRI data for the 13-week period corresponding with our Q1 showed Tyson Foods, both Core 9 and all Tyson products sold at retail, were leading sales volume and sales dollar growth among retail food manufacturers. As you'll see in the slides posted on our website this morning, we were only – we were, of the top 10 branded food-only companies, the only one with positive sales volume and one of only two companies with positive sales dollar growth. For the most recent 13-week period, IRI reported total Tyson retail volume was up 6%. Core 9 volume was also up 6% with 1.2 points of share gain. Despite the deflationary pricing environment, dollar sales were up 2% for total Tyson and 3% in the Core 9. Our retail branded business experienced continued strong growth in the quarter behind base business momentum, excellent retail execution around the holidays and new product launches. The Hillshire Farm brand drove growth across smoked sausage, lunchmeat and cocktail links categories. Jimmy Dean's Stuffed Hash Browns, Jimmy Dean Delights Frittatas, Hillshire Snacking, and Tyson Premium Select Nuggets are examples of innovations that are meeting or exceeding our expectations. We continued improving ROI on our advertising spend behind new campaigns utilizing more precise media buying and effective advertising execution. I should note, we're about to start lapping some more difficult comparisons in the next few months, our growth however should still outpace the industry. In our food service channel, Q1 volume was flat to slightly up in an environment of three consecutive quarters of declining food service traffic as consumers moved towards retail channels. Our segmentation strategy and advantaged customer positions mean a large share of our volume is in accounts where their sales are outperforming industry traffic trends. This can be seen in the performance of some critical food service categories and will set us up well for long-term growth. On our Q4 call, we introduced new analytics to give you some insight into our broad line distribution portion of our food service channel, which serves predominantly local and regional food service operators. These analytics, based on NPD Supply Track data follow five critical broad line categories prioritized for growth. These categories are value-added chicken, breakfast sausage, dinner sausage, bacon and pizza toppings. Like our Core 9 or retail, these are key indicators of the overall health of our protein businesses within food service distribution. Our Focus 5 categories grew volumes 12% in October, the most recent data available. With more work to do, we are pleased with our progress in the Focus 5. In our earnings call in November, we talked about the investments we're making in innovation, consumer insights and brands. At our CAGNY Presentation on February 21, we'll do a deep dive on those efforts and share with you examples of our innovation pipeline. The opportunities we see for long-term growth and how we're inventing new solutions to meet the evolving needs of consumers and customers are exciting. Another investment we have made for the long-term health of our company is in our people, and I want to provide some insight on what this means and the scope. As a part of the integration of Hillshire brands, we standardized the holiday and vacation policies across the company and transitioned to a singular competitive compensation structure. This incremental expense of $58 million in Q1 impacted Chicken by $23 million and Prepared Foods by $22 million. The investment is front-loaded in our fiscal year with a lesser impact later in the year and was not adjusted out of our reported earnings. While it is a significant amount of money, it's imperative to invest in our team members for long-term growth and stability. We want to keep Tyson Foods as a preferred place to work with a compensation package that attracts and retains the best people in the industry. We're investing where it matters, while heightening our focus on lean and continuous improvement to provide fuel for these investments. We are becoming more disciplined at driving out non-value-added costs across the company to focus our precious resources on growth. There will be significant dollars attached to those cost savings and I plan to be more descriptive about this in the future. So at this point, I'd like to turn it over to Dennis to walk you through our financial results. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. Q1 was our best quarter yet as we delivered record earnings due to strong results across each of our segments, particularly record results in our Beef and Pork segment. The balance of our portfolio and our ongoing investments in our businesses continue to provide consistent, stable growth as we are on track for our fifth straight record year. With record EPS, record operating income and record operating cash flows, we were able to repurchase 8.1 million shares for $520 million in Q1. First quarter revenues were up slightly to $9.2 billion, as we grew sales volume across all segments, partially offset by declining beef, pork, and raw material prices. Operating income was a record $982 million, representing a 27% increase over Q1 a year ago. Total company return on sales was a record 10.7%, as each of our segments performed within or above their normalized ranges. Our record EPS of $1.59 represents a 38% increase over $1.15 in Q1 last year. I would also like to note that our last 12 months adjusted EPS is $4.83. Our operating cash flow for the first quarter was a record $1.1 billion and we spent $200 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $44 million, as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 34.9%. Net debt to EBITDA for the past 12 months was 1.5 times. Including cash of $300 million, net debt was $5.7 billion and total liquidity was approximately $1.6 billion. Net interest expense was $56 million during Q1. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were 373 million. Pre-tax ROIC for the past 12 months was 19.9%, rapidly approaching pre-acquisition levels, illustrating the strength and stability of our overall earnings as well as our commitment to creating incremental shareholder value. Now here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2017. We expect revenues between $36 billion and $37 billion as we grow volume across each segment, offset by the impact of lower beef prices. Net interest expense should approximate $230 million. We currently estimate our effective tax rate to be around 35%. Prior to adjusting for any additional share repurchases subsequent to this call and based on our average share price in Q1, we expect our diluted shares to be around 371 million. CapEx is expected to approximate $1 billion, as we focus on capacity expansion and operational improvements that create long-term shareholder value. Last quarter on our call, we mentioned that fiscal 2017 is going to be about building for long-term sustainable growth. We're making significant investments in not only CapEx, but also in warehouse and distribution optimization and talent development, and we're raising the bar in improved worker safety, animal well-being, and food safety. Q1 came in better than we expected due to strong performance and favorable market conditions in our Beef and Pork segments and was a record quarter including the incremental $58 million investment in our team that Tom mentioned earlier. The remainder of 2017 is consistent with how we viewed it coming into this year, and therefore, our strong first quarter results gives us confidence in stepping up our annual EPS guidance to a range of $4.90 to $5.05 from our previous guidance of $4.70 to $4.85. This new range is approximately 12% to 15% over fiscal 2016 adjusted EPS and represents a five-year compounded annual growth rate of approximately 20%. In closing, our Q2 should be similar to last year due to our typical seasonality, and the third and fourth quarters are expected to be strong. As we continue to make investments to drive long-term growth, we believe our balanced portfolio can deliver value to our shareholders that will sustain our growth in the future. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Leatherby. We will now begin the question-and-answer session And the first question will come from Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Very nice quarter. I guess, my first question is on the overall growth outlook. So your raised guidance implies flat to up 5 percentage roughly EPS growth for Q2 through Q4, but you mentioned 2017 being sort of an investment year positioned for growth going forward. So I was wondering if you could help us think about how we should think about earnings growth beyond 2017.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. Let me talk about growth overall, then we can talk about sort of EPS over time. You know, yes, we are going to – we will be making investments for the future of the company in terms of growth, but we are also going to deliver growth in 2017. So, you know, it's key, it's our quarter (21:13) – our fiber, it's our story. We are consistent. We want sustainable growth. That's our objective. And I'll say a few things. One, you know, we continue to invest where we want to grow and we're demonstrating growth on value-added products versus the commodity elements of our portfolio, and I'd say that's particularly in Chicken and Prepared Foods we see that very prominently. Beef and Pork are also benefiting from livestock supply and very strong markets, but I would say, Chicken and Prepared Foods is where you'll find us investing heavily. Prepared Foods is in a fantastic position to take advantage of innovation and brand strength. We've seen the results of the innovation coming through volume, and we are prepared at CAGNY to show you some pretty fantastic progress we've made on our innovation pipeline. So as it relates to, Heather, the EPS growth expectations, you know, the range that we're guiding to now puts us in the 12% to 15% for this year. Ongoing, that's, you know, where we've talked about continuing to guide as a high single digits EPS growth, and you know, I'll turn it over to Dennis for anything else you want to add there.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I think that's good, appropriate.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: So high single digit EPS growth is what you feel comfortable with going forward. Did I understand that correctly?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Correct.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: That's right. And think about that...
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: ...Heather, there would be healthy volume growth in Chicken and Prepared.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And my question is related to Prepared, because that's clearly the primary driver, expanded multiple for the shares, and so you've given us good color as to why margins are going to be pressured for the next 18 months. But beyond that, how do you think we should think about EBIT growth for that segment beyond mid-2018? I mean is a high-single digit, low double-digit EBIT growth number doable for that segment once you get beyond this investment period?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Without giving you specific guidance for 2018, I mean that's too far away for us, what I'd say is we're making the right investments for growth. If you think about the Prepared Foods business, it's really, like I said, two separate businesses. Predominantly in the legacy Tyson organization, it was a food service business and in the legacy Hillshire business, it was about 75% retail, 25% food service. The margin profiles are very different in those businesses. The assets were in different condition. And, so going forward, we want the mix to turn out to be as profitable growth – continuing profitable growth within the 10% to 12% range. However, we have some work to do as it relates to supporting those assets that serve the food service business. Growth, we feel really strong about in the long-term, and like I said, we'll talk more about that at CAGNY.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question will be from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everybody. And, Tom, I would wish you congratulations on the Patriots, but that would be somewhat insincere on my part. I just wanted to follow up, because for a long time, management's guidance was for – again, not for a single year, but really for over the long-term, 10%-plus EPS growth. Now you're talking about high single-digits. To me, frankly, that's a more reasonable range, so I'm not grudging you for it, but I just wanted to get a little bit deeper into the reasons why you feel that that's more of a range that you're comfortable with rather than something in the low double-digit range maybe.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Ken, if we deliver low double-digits, that's going to be awesome. But we're focused on high single-digits, because for us, we believe to continue the growth algorithm of this company, we have to invest. We're going to simultaneously invest. We're going to also amp up our continuous improvement program as I talked about. That feels like the right place for us to continue to drive growth, Dennis.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I would agree with that entirely.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Okay.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then a quick follow-up from me. Is there any impact to you at all from the avian flu yet? I know it's somewhat early and it doesn't sound like there's a whole lot, but I'm just curious how you're thinking about that, what you're looking at, and what your expectations are maybe, again, more from the export side, obviously?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, no, I got it, great question. We're constantly paranoid about avian influenza, because it's certainly is something that can wreak havoc on our company. What I'd say is, 2015, we amped up our bio-security. We had good bio-security to begin with, but we amped it up to an all-time high level of discipline and scrutiny, frankly, and it hasn't stopped. And so, that we feel confident about our position, and right now it appears to be, as you called out, a non-U.S. issue, but certainly we remain diligent in our efforts to make sure Tyson is protected.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just quickly, are there any benefits to you from the exports standpoint right now in terms of more countries needing U.S. chicken, or is it – again, is it just too small an issue to really notice at this point?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, really it's too small an issue at this point.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, you're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeremy Scott of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: So I just wanted to ask about Hillshire and follow-up on some of your comments and maybe if we can circle in on a net synergy number. I think one of the things investors are grappling with is, what portion of that $700 million will eventually flow to the bottom line, and to what extent is the investment in innovation that you flagged just the cost of doing business? Is there a market share, whether it's in retail or food service that you're targeting, at which point we'll see that inflection in margins? I mean, the reason I ask is because it seems like Pork and Beef are going to more than cover you for 2017, but when we look out to 2018, 2019 to get to your high single digit targets, Prepared Foods is going to have to carry a larger share of the weight.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Agreed. Yeah, so, Jeremy, as we talked about synergies, the one thing we need to come back to is those numbers that we have continue to talk about, those are gross numbers and there's a lot of expenses beneath that that, you know, net out to a smaller number, and there's a significant amount of investment that we are making in the cost base for sure. The way I'd have you think about it is that, yes, predominantly those have gone to make it more attractive margin in the business, but that's something that will continue on. So as we stop the sort of synergy discussion, we're going to continue to talk about lean and continuous improvement, that's going to, you know, provide the fuel for growth for the business. Over time, we expect margin expansion. We talked about 10% being the number that we're comfortable with right now. But you should expect margin to expand toward the higher end of that range and continue to experience greater than industry growth.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And I just wanted to ask about Chicken, go ahead.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I would just add, just look at the Core 9 and the Focus 5, they have some good growth factors around them and we expect them to continue. So as the margins gap, you can expect the volume growth to contribute to that in a healthy way.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Got it. On Chicken, (29:00) your production growth estimate and feed cost outlook remains the same, but your margin guidance came in a little bit softer than last quarter, really as pricing is soft to start the year, but is there anything else structurally changing that would cause you to be more conservative or is it just the elevated supplies of competing proteins and the compensation that you flagged?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. It will be, you know, our guidance is in that upper-end of the normalized range, 9% to 11%. We expect it to be growing in both, you know, Frozen and Fresh segments. What I'd say is, you know, we're taking advantage of the low cost of raw materials right now and we've added cooking capacity, which is – we don't talk about that a lot, but that is something that we have made tremendous progress on, as we've added capacity, we've sold that capacity and so we're in a position where we're, you know, looking to add more capacity. So the mix is improving. We're focused on reducing the cost structure as you call out, but we continue to see that we're doing the right things in that business, and outside of a massive grain shock, we feel like we're in a great, great position.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe first going back to Chicken in the quarter and I just want to make sure we're thinking about kind of how the mix of business is changing and some of the profit drivers. The Chicken EBIT in the quarter was down $95 million year-over-year. You flagged the $23 million higher compensation expense. At the corporate level, you had about $20 million of higher marketing, I suspect a decent amount of that leaked into the Chicken business. Your feed costs were down. But could you help bridge some of the balance of that? Is it just declines on the Fresh or the more commodity, the values, some of the commodity items, I mean, like quarter values are actually up year-on-year. So, I'm trying to just make sure I'm understanding the margin drivers in the Chicken business correctly and the implications for the balance of the year.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, sure. You know, pricing is competitive. There's a lot of protein available, so pricing is a big effect, Adam. And, you know, that's not going to abate in the near term, and we see that being an issue that's hanging with us. We also see, as we've discussed, some of those costs rolling through. Now, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's mostly the one-time nature that has rolled through, but that is something that we are investing in to make sure that the margin holds up over time. But I'd say the biggest thing that we're facing right now is just pricing as it relates to overall availability. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: And I'd add just one thing. Remember, last quarter, Q4 of 2016, operating earnings were $219 million and a 7.8% return on sales. This quarter we're up $44 million, $263 million and 9.7% return on sales, and that's what we had foreshadowed that we were moving back into the range and strengthening the business.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. That's helpful. And then, maybe just on the guidance. I'm just trying to make sure for the balance of the year – I think it was Heather's question at the beginning, with the outlook for Beef that you've given and the already completed share repurchases, I mean, those two factors alone to me would deem to encompass all of the EBIT or the EPS growth that you've contemplated for the balance of fiscal 2017. And so I'm just trying to think about the components of the outlook that are down, I think, you're losing some heavier investments in Prepared Foods. Chicken, maybe for the next quarter or two might have some year-on-year pressures, but you still are also comping, what was a tougher fiscal fourth quarter, both in Chicken and Prepared Foods. So I'm just trying to reconcile those kind of components of the outlook in some of the areas where the investment spending might be higher for the balance of the year.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. Q2 is always a tough quarter for us to understand exactly how it's going to play out given the seasonality of our business. But I would say it's not just on the Fresh Meat side that there's tremendous seasonality as it relates to the poultry and Prepared Foods side as well. So we feel like Q2 will be challenged and we think Q3 and Q4 will be strong. Now, we're guiding to what we believe, based on what we know today, those are the numbers we feel confident about and we'll see how it plays out, but it's a lot depends on how Q2 rolls.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And if I could just ask one clarifying question on the high-single digit EPS guidance medium-term, is that before or after the impact of capital allocation? You guys have comfortably north of $1 billion post dividend of free cash flow every year plus the balance sheet, I just want to clarify that high single digit is just an organic number.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: After.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: After? Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you for the question. Two things, just a follow-on on Adam's. Your value-added business in Chicken, you said it was up 5% and commodities were down. I guess, I would have thought that your Chicken margins would have held up better year-over-year given that type of expansion. Are you seeing a lot of competitive pricing in value-added Chicken that's causing pressure on those prices? And then the second thing on Prepared Foods, I think three months ago I think you said that Prepared Foods would have a cost benefit on input costs of $125 million, and now the forecast is flat. So does that mean that you had a big input cost benefit in first quarter, and if so, what happened to the – did that help your margin in first quarter or was it just not a factor? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, I'm going to – I'll tackle the first one, and Dennis could probably provide some color on the second part of that, Rob. You know, the difference between last year and this year is just the pricing for us that we're into the marketplace with. I mean, it's what we're focused on as we talked repeatedly is about making sure that we're continuing to put ourselves in a position where we're growing volume. So, think about that value-added growth of 5% that comes making sure that we're entirely competitive, so that is the reason why, year over-year, you're not seeing the same margin structure, but you're seeing the maintained growth. Dennis, do you want to comment on that?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure. As far as the raw material question on Prepared goes, Rob, we benefited by about $100 million in Q1, but we expect the remainder of the year to be flat, to answer your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And the $100 million, though, I mean your margins are flat in Prepared Foods, did you have to lower prices in sync with that $100 million?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Absolutely. Yeah, pricing pressure, think about Prepared Foods, our portfolio, it is predominantly protein and it plays in the same space, same dynamics, so absolutely we have been more aggressive for sure.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And the next question will be from Akshay Jagdale from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. So, I wanted to ask about the compensation topic. So can you just tell us exactly what changed there? Obviously, it's good to see you're investing in people, but I just want to know what changed exactly and how that may be, better aligns with the shareholder interests or growth going forward?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Sure, Akshay. The way to think about it is we have to come to one system across Tyson Foods which is not a unusual thing for companies to make sure that they're doing that in a thoughtful way. As we did it, we said that the right thing to do was to get to a point where we have compelling packages for our team across the organization. For the year, we expect it's going to be about $100 million in total charges. The $58 million that hit Q1, I spoke about, about 80% of that is one-time in nature, and the costs for the rest of the year, they flow through. But I would say that the recurring cost structure increase is less than the accounting true-up for the first quarter and it does make a lot of sense for us to focus on making sure that we have a one-Tyson system as it relates to compensation.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: But are the incentive drivers different or higher or what's causing the step-up?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No, it was getting to one system on holidays and vacations and because we were so different across both, that was the key issue.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then just, you know, looking at the long-term opportunities in Prepared Foods, obviously, you've been investing in growth, and the numbers are showing in the Nielsen data. There's this issue with the legacy private label business which seems to come up every couple of years. I mean, at one point I think that business had a 5.5% margin, but for the last several years, it's been in the low-single digits. What's the opportunity there? Because I thought that as part of the combination of these two assets, Hillshire and legacy Tyson, you know, that's also a major source of synergies, right? So I thought a decent chunk of the synergies were coming from the legacy assets, and to hear that you need to make more investments, I'm just trying to understand what might have changed there, or if it's something new that's come up.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, and I think it's fair to say that the business has always been on the, as you call it, on the legacy Tyson side, it's been a challenging business from a margin perspective. If we look at the 2014 results, it was a loss maker. 2013, it was about 3%. I think the 5.5 % was one-time that was, I believe, 2012. But if you look at the business year-over-year for the legacy Tyson team, it was a business that was challenged from a margin perspective. So when you're flowing through with the addition of Hillshire, there are some – the blend-out is going to be somewhat less. As it relates to your question about the investing in the business, yes, we have continued to invest and part of that or I would say the majority of that, as it relates to synergies, have been closing some plants that were non-strategic as we consolidated volume into existing plants that we're heavily investing in. That sometimes goes really well. Sometimes it wasn't executed exactly as we had drawn up on the white board. However, what I would say is, the investments that we're making now are pointed towards growing the business and improving the margins. And so, that's as clear as I could put it, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: And just one last one on Chicken. The Focus 5, what percent of your business is that today? And I mean long-term, what's the opportunity for higher-margin value-added products as a percentage of that business, and sort of where are we today? Maybe you can just give us, like, a general sense.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. So the – we're just getting the number, the percentage of the top of my head, I don't know what that is. You can maybe follow-up with that, Jon, to the extent that we're going to share it. What I would say is, we are making tremendous impact on our business in food service on poultry. So our Prepared or further processed business in poultry is going extremely well in food service, and we are making sure that those categories we want to play long-term are going to be healthy. Now, where that growth is going to be sourced from, there's a lot of channel shifting as I talked about. But if you think about the periphery of the grocery store, our customers are looking for solutions that are not necessarily retail packaged brands, but they are ready to consume. You might have heard this term gross around. There's a lot of – our customers that are looking to capture food service volume, we are in the sweet spot of that space, because our solutions are exactly what they're looking for and our expertise is what they want to leverage. So, I'll say, and thinking growth for the future, food service will come from the traditional channels that it does, that you know of, but I also would ask you to think about that periphery of the store being a real sweet spot for us.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question will be from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Could you go through the pizza topping business, just wanted to make sure that that recovery is still on track for the second half of this year?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yes, yes, it is. That is going to be a part of what's going to continue to hang with us here, but we wanted to make an improvement in our network. We went down that path. We made a good decision to close a plant that was not fit for the business, but the production was transferred to the newer facilities. It was absolutely the right decision to position us for growth, and we just have more work to do. The transition wasn't seamless, like I said, but we feel like that we're on path to make that a long-term healthy strong business for us, both in terms of Prepared Foods growth and also the margin structure.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: That's helpful. And then, if we could just talk about marketing investment, what do you anticipate the total company marketing investment step-up will be this year compared to last year? Have we hit a sustainable run rate? How should we think about incremental marketing for Tyson going forward in that high-single digit growth rate?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, so Farha, I won't give you the forward-looking marketing investments, but what I will tell you is we are doing two things that you should hold us accountable to. One is making sure that that investment continues to improve its return. So we are doing some fabulous work on our team to make sure ROI continues to go up on marketing investments. And so if the ROI is increasing and we're making the right moves in supporting our branded businesses, we would expect the overall to continue to go up. So, if we're getting a good return on that, we want to support the brands, and you know, it depends on which brand you're talking about, what the ultimate level is, the mix-out is going to be different depending upon what kind of traction we've got. Clearly, we're going to spending and have spent a lot more on the Tyson brands and we're going to continue to spend on the other brands that we have the number one position. So it's what's required, certainly our customers expect that. And like I said, we're going to get nice returns on those investments.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And in terms of kind of an ROI or payback period, how do you assess marketing? Because we've heard for two or three years that over the last two, three years, you're increasing marketing spend. We just want to understand how we should judge that marketing expenditure?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Okay. Let me take that as a follow-up. We'll talk to Jon to see if we can get you some more detail around that that we're willing to share. And I mean part of it we feel like we have a competitive advantage in that area and want to make sure we thread that needle correctly. But I would ask Jon to follow up with you, Farah.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the Beef segment. Obviously, very strong quarter and your guidance for the year, while it implies a step-down from this quarter, would still be a nice step-up from last year. This seems like a long cycle segment with cattle supplies perhaps implying another strong year in 2018. I'm just wondering how we should maybe shape our models into 2018, with a segment like this that shouldn't turn on a dime. That said, it just did turn on a dime. So any help in thinking about that in the Beef segment would be super helpful.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, awesome. So, you know, I really thought we'd be going out of limb talking about 2018. What we see are, you know, certainly in the regions where we are – we'd like how it's shaping up. 2017 looks to have better numbers, let's say, cattle in our regions, which is great. Our cattle inventory, we feel like – if you look at it compared to 2011 and 2012, this year, it's similar – its improving to that level. And, you know, we feel like for our position going into 2018, it's teeing up well, but it's just too far out there to know. You know, 2018 cattle are born in 2016, and we're kind of, you know, trying to model that ourselves. But we feel great about 2018. I can't give you a view, I'm sorry.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: It's just that, when we look at this segment and you have these new levels being reached, is there anything about this that makes you think that the Beef range is going to be moving higher? Is there anything going on structurally that is giving you an upside bias to where Beef margins can be over the medium term?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I'll just go back and say, 2017 looks better than last year, and the Midwest, more cattle coming. We like that. We believed for the year we're at 5%, just the level that we're feeling like we'll wind up at. And it's hard to tell, but I would say, we're shaping up well. Dennis, anything?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: I would say 2018 looks to be another solid year, potentially above the range again. As far as addressing the range, it's too early to do that right now.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah, hi. I just wanted to talk about the Chicken business a little bit more. And have you seen any change in the way you're contracting some of your Prepared Foods, and some of your tray-pack business since the Georgia Dock pricing (48:11) metric was eliminated?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No. So, as I've said before, the Georgia Dock for Tyson Foods is a tempest in a teapot. It's really not something that drives a lot of our attention. Since the elimination of the mechanism last month, customers that are affected are being switched to other methods, so no impact on margin. We've told you that in the past we have various pricing mechanisms. It's really supply and demand that our customers are looking at, what's the overall protein availability, how do they feel like they have leverage. Certainly, as we're continuing to grow the branded business more of that is on a list price. We have certainly some businesses that are formula driven, but predominantly on grains, so that's what I'd ask you to think about. And the diversity of those pricing mechanisms for us tells us it's important for us, because it helps us de-risk the total margin profile. But as it relates to the Georgia Dock, no impact.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then the other thing is, just related to Chicken again, I know you've given a flat feed cost outlook. Is that generally assuming a constant volume basis or does that incorporate any volume growth? And with the breast meat prices on the board trading for below $1, I guess the quarter prices are still little above $1, but with breast meat selling there, you are taking advantage and maybe opportunistically looking toward purchasing breast meat on the open market and flexing your buy versus grow strategy? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome. Absolutely, we will continue to flex our buy versus grow strategy. We try to grow whole-bird increments to remind everybody and we buy pieces. So the parts that we need we're going to continue to buy on the market when the market is favorable, but that's our model. And that's what we feel really strong about to continue our growth is to make sure that we're making sure what we're producing internally is in whole-bird increments.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I just wanted to get some clarification. How much cost in 2017 will not be repeated in 2018?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: About 80% of the $58 million, so let's just round it up to about $50 million.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): What about going forward? It sounds like there's more investment coming between the competition and also the network. I know you said 18 months, but there's – 18 months is obviously a year and a half, right. So there's a part of 18 months that won't get it and then there's also that. So I'm just trying to figure out, 2018, what will not repeat as a total cost?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Ken, the 2017, whatever we have teed up to invest in 2017 is in our guidance, it's in the capital plan. This is, you know, we've been working on this for some time. As it relates to rolling forward beyond 2017, simultaneously, we're amping up our continuous improvement program. So investments that we're going to make in the business, we know that there needs to be a paid for (51:24). So that is what we intend to do, so it's not going to be incremental. I would ask you to think about it as it's going to be offset by continued improvement in our continuous improvement efforts and discipline. So that's how I think about it. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Ken, maybe I misunderstood your question, but I thought you were asking what amount of our expenses will not be repeated next year?
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Right, for the total – for what's in 2017, what are your total expenses that are one-time in nature that we will not see in 2018?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: About $50 million, that's about 80% of that.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. There's no – so in the third and fourth quarter – second, third, and fourth quarter, we're not going to see more incremental spending that's included in your guidance that will not come in in 2018?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: So, let's unpack that. We said $100 million for the full year, $58 million in the first quarter. Of the $58 million, about 80% of that is truing up some liabilities. And so that's going to stay at that level next year. So therefore it will not be repeated. Is that clear now?
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Of the $100 million, that is going to be spent in 2017...
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): 80% will not – so $80 million not repeat in 2018?
Dennis Leatherby - Tyson Foods, Inc.: No, 80% of the $58 million that was incurred in the first quarter will not be repeated.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Are there any other incremental – I guess, I'm just trying to figure out what incremental spend and will not, but I will take this offline. I don't want to belabor there.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah. I will have Jon follow-up with you. We can do the math together and...
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): My follow-up question is, is 2017 a base number from which to grow or is it a number from which you've got to kind of adjust to figure out what the long-term growth target will be off that number?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: 2017 is continuing to be a number where – we are going to grow in 2017 and we believe that, of course, it's going to be a base for us to grow into the future. But, you know, that's not – we want to make sure that we are continuing to grow while we're investing, that's a trick, and that's what we want to do for, you know, all of our stakeholders, make sure we're doing that really, really well. So I don't know...
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, you don't think 2017 is the aberrational for a EPS number, although you have strong Beef and Pork packer margins. So this number is a sustainable number, that's my question.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Absolutely.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be a follow-up from Heather Jones of the Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking the follow-up. I was just wondering if you could help me to think about your input cost on Prepared Foods. So, some of your competitors, will be short bellies, long other items, but just so that we can track this and think about the impact going forward, if you could just give us a sense of any of the cuts that you may be more exposed to than others as far as from a cost perspective?
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Yeah, I'd say, Heather, it's not the cuts so much as it is the businesses that, I'd say, apply to. So if you think about the retail business, it operates in a typical CPG model, where we are looking at supply/demand, the strength of the brands, elasticities to make the right calls on what's the best thing for us to do as it relates to pricing. The food service, the raw material, generally flows through on a formula price. There's always – we're looking to make sure that we have the right balance, but it's slower. There's a almost – about 70% of the raw material gets passed on. But those funds will continue to – that we – when we capture – certainly, margin momentum are going to be continuing to be focused on innovation. The particular cuts isn't so much how we think about it. Now, with the exception of bellies. Of course, bellies has been a particularly volatile raw material right now and that's something that we continue to make sure that we're doing the right thing for, the right brand, as well as our Jimmy Dean brand business. And that's probably the area that gets the most attention right now. The rest of the commodity inputs or cost inputs are something that is – we feel like we've got a pretty good handle on. Bellies are domestic. Hams, I think, as it relates to another, probably volatile, component, are export predominantly. So the rest of the trim and those items that we buy for retail and food service, food service moves typically on a formula, retail does not. There's generally a lag effect up and down.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: So as it relates to your retail bacon business, we should care about bellies, but you would be working to pass those through.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Absolutely.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Thomas Hayes for his closing remarks.
Thomas P. Hayes - Tyson Foods, Inc.: Great. Thanks for all the wonderful questions. Appreciate all those, and before I sign off I just wanted to say we had, of course, an excellent overall financial performance in Q1 we're thrilled by, and as a team we're continuing to raise the bar for ourselves. We have a tremendous amount of excitement about the future; precisely because we know we have a lot of opportunity and a lot of room for growth. We've got great capabilities. We play in great categories. We have a great team that knows how to win. And as you think about our business, just know that we're always thinking about value creation; it's on our minds every day. Creating shared value for all of our stakeholders, our investors and everybody in the team and it's through hard work and determination we'll get it done. So, just thanks again. Appreciate your interest in Tyson Foods and we're looking forward to growing together.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - VP of Investor Relations Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer Tom Hayes - President Dennis Leatherby - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Jeremy Scott - CLSA Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Michael Piken - Cleveland Research David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods’ Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and welcome to the Tyson Foods Incorporated Fourth Quarter and 2016 Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call. On today’s call are Donnie Smith, Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hayes, President; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides accompanying today’s prepared remarks are available as a quarterly supplement report on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.tyson.com. Tyson Foods issued an earnings news release this morning, which has been filed with the SEC on Form 8-K, and also is available on of our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include Forward-Looking Statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events, such as Tyson’s outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. During the call, there will be a discussion of some items that do not conform to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, including adjusted EPS. Tyson has reconciled these items to the most comparable GAAP measures in the earnings release and on our website at ir.tyson.com. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday November 21, 2016 at 9 AM Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, re-transmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. Before we get into our earnings discussion, I would like to comment on this morning’s other announcement. As you may have heard, Tom Hayes will be succeeding me as CEO effective the calendar year-end. The Board and I agree that now is the excellent time to make this transition, the Company is performing exceptionally well and realizing significant growth and shareholder returns through our hybrid strategy of branded prepared foods and fresh meats. Simply put, I believe the Company has a bright future and that Tom is right leader for this next phase of our development. We have worked hard to create a strong platform that will take Tyson into the future and we have an impressive pipeline of talented management to help us to do that. We are leveraging scale, developing our brands and building value for shareholders. Since his promotion to President earlier this year, Tom has reminded me, the Board, and the rest of the management team on a daily basis exactly why we hold him in such high regard. He is a capable leader, a strategic thinker and a team player who is ready to build on what we have accomplished to-date and drive this Company forward. He has the skills to deliver on our strategic goals and complete the transition toward our hybrid model. I have committed to him I will remain available as a consultant for the next three years. As you can imagine, it’s a time of mixed emotions for me. I joined Tyson Foods 36 years ago and have spent my entire professional life here. In return, I have been given opportunities I could never have imagined. At Tyson, I have worked alongside some of the best most impressive people you could ever hope to meet and together we worked tirelessly to build a great Company. I would like to thank both the Board and the Tyson’s family for their encouragement and support without which I could have not succeeded. More than just delivering good financial results, we have been able to make a positive difference in peoples’ lives. I’m thankful for the seven years I had the opportunity to serve Tyson as its CEO, and I’m excited about its future and confident that Tom is the right leader for the next chapter. And with that, let’s now turn to the quarter.  Fiscal 2016 was our fourth consecutive year of record results with record operating income, operating margin, adjusted EPS, cash flow, Pork segment margins and Prepared Foods segment margins. Adjusted EPS grew 39% versus the prior year. Using the midpoint of our fiscal 2017 guidance of $4.70 to $4.85, the projected EPS five year CAGR would be 19%, which is outstanding. Fourth quarter results were slightly below our internal expectations impacted largely by a $35 million or $0.06 a share and mark-to-market and lower cost of market accounting treatments primarily in beef and pork, our production this year in Prepared Foods and one-time factors in Chicken that Tom will go into a more details shortly. Synergies for the fourth quarter were $165 million, with $67 million incremental over Q4 of last year. Synergies for the year were $580 million, with $258 million incremental to last year and well exceeding our $500 million target. We currently expect synergies of approximately $675 million in fiscal 2017, below our previous estimate of $700 million. While we still expect to achieve at least $700 million in total, due to the timing of some projects we now expect some of the synergies to fall into fiscal 2018. We bought back 8.3 million shares of stock for $600 million in Q4, excluding repurchases to offset dilution from equity compensation. For the fiscal year, share repurchases totaled $28.2 million for $1.7 billion. We were able to repurchase this level due to our record operating cash flows of more than $2.7 billion. 2016 was a great year, beyond setting records, we made tremendous progress leveraging the combined strength of the Tyson team and we are well positioned for even more success in fiscal 2017. Now let’s go to Tom for a report on our operating segments.
Tom Hayes: Thanks a lot, Donnie. Let’s begin with Prepared Foods segment. Operating income in the fourth quarter was $133 million, with 7.2% operating margin. Average price was down 3.9% primarily reflecting the pass through of overall lower raw material costs. Adjusting for the additional week in 2015, volume compared to Q4 last year was up 2.6%. Margin in the Prepared Foods segment were lower year-over-year primarily due to a sharp increase in pork trim raw material costs in Q4 that were not passed through to customers within the quarter and increased marketing spending. In the foods service portion of Prepared Foods in Q4, we had strong results in our Bakery business, but softer than expected results in Prepared Meats. As part of our efforts to improve our production network, we closed a plant and transferred production to newer facilities. Unfortunately, this transition wasn’t seamless, causing us to incur over time in our operations and higher distribution costs in an attempt to satisfy our customers’ needs. We have since taken steps to improve production efficiency and are building additional network capacity for long-term growth. Despite these challenges, Prepared Foods had a record year and delivered plant synergies. Synergies for the segment were $119 million for the quarter and $38 million incremental to Q4 last year. For the full-year Prepared Foods synergies were $441 million with $156 million incremental to fiscal 2015. For the fiscal year, Prepared Foods operating income was $734 million with a record 10% margin. Pricing was down 3.4% on lower raw materials, adjusted volume was down 1% for the year, primarily due to the rationalization of some unprofitable ingredient meat SKUs. We are growing volume where we want to grow by focusing on strategic brands and categories to increase operating income over time. We supported our brand equities across Prepared Foods through marketing, advertising and promotional spending to grow volume and secure our position on the shelves of retailers and restaurants. For example, we increased our support behind Jimmy Dean Frozen breakfast franchise and Hillshire Farm lunchmeat. And in our fourth quarter, volume was up 9% and 28% respectively. We also grew our share by 1.5 points in the frozen protein breakfast category and by 2.3 points in lunchmeat. We expect beef and pork raw materials to be deflationary to input costs in addition to pricing 2017. We will continue to invest in innovation, new product launches and MAP to grow our brands. We are expecting margins in 2017 to be similar to those in 2016 with solid volume growth that outperforms the categories where we compete. In the Chicken segment for the fourth quarter, operating income was $220 million with a 7.8% operating margin. Adjusted volume was down 3.2% due to a planned temporary decrease in production and average price was up 3.5% as we focused on selling higher margin products. There were three factors leading to lower than expected results in the fourth quarter in chicken. First, our production forecasts are based on consumer demand and through our sales and operations planning process we received indications of lower demand in July and August. As our business model dictates, we reduced production in response to softening consumer demand. Secondly, we absorbed a sharp spike in soybean meal input cost within the quarter that affected margins in the short-term. And third, having completed the restaging of the Tyson brand, we turned MAP back on to grow point of distribution heading into the new fiscal year. As a result, our Tyson brand frozen value added chicken volume was up 6% in Q4 of 2016, and is gaining momentum or attending very strong chicken segment volume in our first quarter of 2017. Chicken segment results for the year were outstanding with an 11.9% operating margin we are just shy of last year’s record return. Operating income was $1.3 billion, adjusted volume was down 0.7% due to the reduce demand in the fourth quarter that I just spoke to. Average pricing was down for the year by 1.5% as some input cost deflation was passed on to the customers. The USDA is now projecting chicken supply to be in the U.S. increased by 2% in 2017. And our input cost should be flat. We will continue growing where we want to grow by selling more Tyson branded value added chicken. We expect the returns for the chicken segment to be at/or above the upper end of our normalized range of 9% to 11% again in fiscal 2017. Moving on to the beef segment, operating income was a $139 million in Q4 with a 4% operating margin. Adjusted volume was down slightly by 0.3% while average sales price declined 14.9% reflecting reduced cattle costs. For the fiscal year, operating income was $347 million with a 2.4% operating margin. Adjusted volume was up slightly by 0.8% while pricing declined 14.9% again on lower cattle cost. Following a rocky start to the year, the beef segment finished strong with favorable pricing environment continuing into our Q1. We are expecting our beef margins to be at the upper end of its normalized range of 1.5% to 3% in fiscal 2017, reflecting the favorable environment that we expect to continue for some time. I’ll wrap up the segment performance by recapping the Pork segment results. Operating income was $108 million with an 8.7% operating margin. Adjusted volume was up slightly at 0.4% where average pricing was up 1% in the quarter. For the year, operating income was $528 million with a record 10.8% margin. Excluding the additional week in fiscal 2015 and the divestiture of our Heinold business in Q1 of last year, pork volume was up 1.2% and average price was down 4.4% reflecting lower hog cost. In fiscal 2017, we expect the favorable operating environment to continue and are estimating operating margin of at least 10% for the year. Currently the USDA is projecting supplies of our protein categories to be up 2% to 3% next year with moderate export growth. Domestic demand for protein has been strong and we expect it will continue in a deflationary environment and we are very well positioned across all proteins and customer channels to respond to the changing demands of consumers. We are making significant investments in consumer insights, innovation, our brands, our customer relationships, our facilities and our people. In addition to $1 billion in CapEx in 2017, we are investing an improving safety, animal well being, warehousing and distribution and attracting and retaining talents throughout the organization. These investments should improve cost and turnover as well as continue to drive long-term sustainable growth. While protein demand overall is strong and growing, we are seeing a shift in how consumers spend specifically in retail. When beef prices decline, more consumers buy beef as relative price premium versus other forms of protein narrows. This interaction is especially pronouncing the dynamic between ground beef and hot dogs. While the hot dogs category overall was down in the 13 weeks ended October 2nd, we grew Ball Park volume by 11%, and increased volume share by 2.5 points. This is the great example of the power of strong leading brands like Ball Park and the consumer loyalty and strong customer support it garners. Overall, Tyson Foods is performing very well on retail. In the 13-week period roughly corresponding with our fourth quarter, our Core 9 product lines grew dollar share in all nine categories and grew volume share in eight of nine categories. In total, we grew volume 9.6%, eight points ahead of total food and beverage. If you take a look at the slides that we posted online, you will see that both the Core 9 and total Tyson at retail are outpacing growth among the top 10 branded food only companies in both sales and volume dollars. In sales volume, Tyson is only one of the three companies that posted positive volume growth. In sales dollars, we are the only Company to show a positive growth with a 4.7% in the Core 9 and 2.1% overall and that's in a deflationary protein pricing environment. I want to extend my congratulations to Andy Callahan and the entire retail package brands team for their outstanding performance. Turning to the food service channel, traffic remains roughly flat and growth is driven by average check sizes, which is up about 2%. That was a case in calendar year 2015 and thus far in 2016 and is expected to continue through 2017 and despite a lackluster environment, Tyson Foods is doing well on food service. Our insights team using data provided by NPD has developed analytic tools that give us a better look into broad line distribution sector within food service. Broad line distribution has long been an important channel to us, but now we are getting a better perspective of the role we play, the importance of value added chicken and the strength of the Tyson brand. For the 52 weeks ended in July, the most recent data available, our volume grew 3.9% more than double the category growth rate. By far, Tyson is the largest brand with 33% share in growing, the next closest competitor is private label with the 20% share and it’s worth noting, we are a substantial producer of private label value added chicken for our distributor customers. We look forward to be able to give you more and more insight into our food service business as our insights team continues to build out more analytic tools, which is a great example of the strength of our combined capabilities across our Company. We continue to be encouraged by the phase of the new product innovation, as we extend our brands in adjacencies. Sales from new products launched in the previous three years has resulted in a vitality index of 14% in retail and 21% in food service. When we think about innovation, it’s not only about new products, we really search to understand how people shop and how shopper behavior opens up new platforms renovation. Partnering with our customers to leverage the opportunities of the e-commerce space is a great example of this. We began selling Tyson Tastemakers Meal Kits through e-commerce in September. While it’s still early, we are very encouraged by the initial consumer acceptance and feedback. This platform combines our innovation capabilities, supply chain at scale and leading brands in a way no other food Company can. Expect to hear more in 2017 as we extend this platform into multiple formats in e-commerce and traditional retail. 2016 was a great year, but more importantly, we laid the foundation for 2017 and beyond, we are capitalizing on a momentum and taking a systematic approach to success. Now, I'm going to turn it over to Dennis, who will report on the fourth quarter and the year as well as our expectations for fiscal 2017.
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Fiscal 2016 was our fourth consecutive year of record earnings, as we continue to demonstrate the power of our diversified business model producing strong stable margins. We are investing our cash flows back into our business as we focus on long-term sustainable growth. Total Company return on sales was a record 7.7%, for fiscal 2016. Operating income was also a recorded at $2.8 billion, representing a 26% increase over adjusted operating income a year ago. On an adjusted basis, this represents our fourth consecutive year of growth in operating income and return on sales. Our record adjusted EPS of $4.39 represents a 39% increase over $3.15 per share last year. Our operating cash flow was a record $2.7 billion, and we have invested $695 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $78 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. We also used our record cash flow in fiscal 2016 to return cash to shareholders and to retire debt. We increased the dividend for fiscal 2016 by 50% from the prior year. We also have repurchased 28.2 million shares for $1.7 billion during the year. Combined, we have returned over $1.9 billion to share holders and share-repurchases and divided, and that’s after we retired some high coupon debt during the year, which further strengthened our balance sheet. In fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate was 31.8% and on an adjusted basis was 33.8%. Net debt-to-EBITDA for the past 12 months was 1.7 times. Including cash of $349 million, net debt was $5.9 billion, and total liquidity was $1.3 billion. Net interest expense was $57 million during fourth quarter and $243 million during fiscal 2016. For the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were $381 million. ROIC was 18.1% and is approaching the pre-Hillshire acquisition level of 20.5%, which illustrates the strength and stability of our earnings, as well as our commitment to creating incremental shareholder value. Now looking forward, here are some thoughts on fiscal 2017. We expect similar revenues as we grow volume across each segment offset by the impact of lower beef prices. Net interest expense should approximate $225 million. We currently estimate our effective tax rate to be around 35%. CapEx is expected to approximate $1 billion as we focus on capacity expansion and operational improvements that create long-term shareholder value. Prior to adjusting for any additional share repurchases subsequent to this call and based on our average share price so far in Q1, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 376 million. This morning we reported our board of directors again increased our regular quarterly dividend by another 50% from $0.15 to $0.22.5 per share on our Class A common stock payable on December 15. This increase brings our dividend to $0.90 shares annually for Class A shares from $0.60. As we stated last year, we expect to increase future dividends for Class A shares by at least $0.10 per share annually. This increase and our commitment to steady future dividend increases demonstrates our confidence in the enduring strength and stability of our cash generation capabilities. We have a tremendous amount of momentum going into fiscal 2017 as we come off a year of 39% EPS growth. Our fiscal first quarter in 2017 is off to a phenomenal start, which gives us confidence in achieving annual adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 10% to a range of $4.70 to $4.85 per share. This new guidance range represents a five year adjusted compounded annual growth rate of at least 19%. While we are pleased with the growth we have achieved, we are excited about the significant increase in investments in fiscal 2017 that will drive growth for the future. In addition to a $1 billion in CapEx, we are planning heavy investments as Tom mentioned previously, while we continue to grow organically. Additionally, in fiscal 2017, we expect to return even more cash to shareholders by our announced increased dividend and additional share repurchases. We see compelling value on our shares and so far in the first quarter of fiscal year, we have repurchased another 3.4 million shares for $240 million. While some of our investments will not immediately fall to the bottom line, we are creating a sustainable blueprint for success that will allow us to grow in responsible way for the future. In closing, we take a long-term view toward investing in our people, our brands and our facilities, which will drive value and generate attractive shareholder returns. That concludes our prepared remarks. Denise we are ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Leatherby. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Tom Hayes: Hi.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning.
Donnie Smith: Good morning Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: Donnie congratulations, it’s been a pleasure, I wish you well. And Tom congratulation on your promotion. I think with that Donnie, I would just say your timing of your retirement may not be perceived as optimal, Tyson is in the middle of a class action suit, earnings fell short of expectation on the perception that you have kind of reached peak earnings. And you are in a debate over your Georgia Dock pricing. It seems like. But let me just tackle one issue at a time. Why not hand the reins over once the dust settles a little bit. Second, how much of the earnings shortfall in the quarter will be recaptured in the first quarter. Third, if Georgia Dock prices go away, how much would Tyson’s outlook actually change? And then, Dennis just to kind of go back on the share repurchases, given that your stock seems to be probably pricing down at least 10% to 15% today, what is the expectation for share repurchases going into this first quarter?
Donnie Smith: Okay. So I’m going to take the first one of that and then Tom and Dennis will start from there. Ken, I think this is an excellent time for us to be making this transition. Company is off to a phenomenal start for quarter, we are on a very solid foundation. As we have said before, we dispute the claims, we are looking forward to our opportunity to defending ourselves in court on the litigation. So that has nothing to do with the transition. So, yes, there is not a better time, we have got a great team, Tom is a very capable leader. So in terms of all of that there couldn’t be a better time to be making this transition. Now Tom, I’ll let you start on the second, third and fourth.
Tom Hayes: Yes. So, thanks Ken. And what I’ll say is the timing, I think from everybody’s perspective actually couldn’t be better given the great shape that Donnie has brought the Company to, and we are all just thrilled about the opportunities ahead of us. As it relates to the Q4 to Q1, yes there is a shortfall in Q1, and I think largely you will see it show up in the strong - Q4 show up in Q1. So the lower than normal results in Prepared Foods and chicken sort of relates to MAP spending that I spoke to. But I think we are in a great shape particularly in beef and pork, which I think shouldn’t surprise you. As it relates to the Georgia Dock, this is what we talked about before several times is that we really don’t use it that much, it’s about four or maybe a little lesser total chicken volume sales that are priced off the Georgia Dock. We have talked several times that we used a lot of different pricing mechanisms, and we are diversified, we don’t feel like it has significant impact to us. But the Georgia Dock has had very little influence on our price and strategy. Dennis I don’t know if you want to add.
Dennis Leatherby: As far as share repurchases go Ken on that question. Last quarter we bought $600 million worth of stock. We bought 240 million so far and we have a phenomenal quarter going which means heavy cash flow. So you can expect we will have another big quarter. I won’t get into the exact number, but we will buy quite a bit stock back.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just to be clear. So just making sure I get the answers. How much of your earnings shortfall will come back in the first quarter and then if Georgia Dock prices go completely away, will that have any impact on Tyson’s outlook?
Dennis Leatherby: As far as the earnings going into this quarter, all of it will come back into the quarter from the shortfall standpoint. As far as the Georgia Dock goes, how much it will impact? It will have no impact if Georgia Dock went away.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeremy Scott of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: I appreciate some of the clarity there and congratulations Donnie and Tom, I echo that, but I also echo some of surprise, maybe at the timing. Just a follow-up on the Georgia Dock. Can you repeat what percentage of your sales are tied to the Georgia Dock and then secondly, can all of your clients that are pricing on Georgia Dock without restriction or penalty opt to price on index other than Georgia Dock, theoretically right now?
Tom Hayes: So to repeat it's about maybe 3.5% to 4% of our total chicken sales off the Georgia Dock and customers can negotiate to price it off of whatever index they would like. But we have found that that's not a good proxy for cost and we have some very sophisticated buyers that tend to look more at grain inputs than they do the Georgia Dock. Certainly it's got a lot of history and it's something that's been around for a while, but we find increasingly our customers are looking to have discussions about where do they think grain is. And then, in addition to that, I would say there is a lot of discussions which we have also spoken about this, less about price than it is about everything else we offer as a Company and we are getting more and more into those discussions frankly and less and less about the absolute price of input cost. So again, I don’t know if that answers your question, but that is the way we think about, it's a very, very small part of what we do.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. I just wanted to ask about chicken again, obviously a big surprise miss in the quarter, didn’t really add up to any of our models; I appreciate the three factors that you have flagged. Can you quantify them in terms of what was the impact on margins of each factor and how they will roll over into the first quarter?
Dennis Leatherby: Yes, I won't go through the specific impact of each one. What I will say is when the soybean meal market went up, we are probably less hedged, as we go towards the end of the year we are looking for the new crop. That is something that certainly if there are spikes, it's going to play through our numbers. As we go through our negotiations with customers, we look to capture everything that we can. I think in the last call we talked about severe run-ups, the slope of the curve is high, we have a harder time passing through those costs to our customers. So that was certainly a big impact.
Dennis Leatherby: And just to reiterate Jeremy, we are saying that for the year that earnings in chicken would be at or above the normalized range.
Dennis Leatherby: Right.
Jeremy Scott: Okay, and then just lastly on the CapEx. What exactly is driving the incremental investment there? I realize you talked about some of the initiatives that you are taking, but can you break that down into pieces?
Tom Hayes: Yes. So the biggest one is we are spending quite a bit of money to expand production at our plants, we have got a lot of growth opportunities as I mentioned briefly in the prepared meat sector and food service we have some capital spending there. We have increased our spending against or increased our production capacity on cooked chicken, fully cooked chicken and we are pretty close to being well through that capacity and we need to build more. So think about the largest percentage of that would be focused on growth and in addition to that we are spending to make sure all of our process is working well, animal well being, a lot of sustainability efforts, but to answer your question on CapEx it’s predominantly focused on growth.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. I’ll jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone and ill echo Ken and Jeremy’s comments, Donnie congratulations and Tom congratulations as well. May be my first question in Prepared Foods and just to be clear on the margin guidance for fiscal 2017 of 10% basically flat margins year-over-year. Can you quantify both the fourth quarters, you looked over some production issues, that don’t seem to be expecting to lap. There is still about a $100 million of year-over-year synergies, you are growing your volumes strongly in your highest margin value added categories in the Core 9 and you have got some nice commodity deflation at your back. Can you talk about kind of the level of reinvestment spend in Prepared Foods that you wouldn’t expect a sharper for some better margin leverage and/or kind of earnings improvement. Thanks.
Donnie Smith: Sure. We think about the ROS is flat for a while, what we want to make sure is that we continue to do is focus on volume. Hopefully, you will see in those charts, we are able to see those online the investments are paying off, and we have significant investment going into not the least, which is MAP in Q4 that it was a big impact in the rate. And as you look at what we are doing for preparing ourselves for the 2017, it’s all about making sure that we have a shelf space, we are driving innovation and we continue to invest and frankly lift the investment in some other categories that weren’t ready for and some of the brands weren’t ready for the MAP spending as much as they are today. So we think in terms of fourth quarter played out pretty much as we thought it would, and as we talked in the last call, we are executing that strategy that we want to be continually at 10% and we did it in 2016. With more protein on the market, next year, we wanted to make sure we are in good position that I spoke to, and we want to continue to drive category growth with our customer. So we are continuing to invest significantly and growing where we want to grow, which is in the Core 9 as we have demonstrated.
Adam Samuelson: Okay that’s helpful. And may be switching gears to chicken and understanding that there were some issues in the fourth quarter that it doesn’t sound you think repeat, may be other than the MAP spending. And you have guided margins at or above the high end of the 11% normalized range. Can you talk about kind of the bigger string factors in chicken as you lookout through 2017, I mean the feed costs would, given the harvest that we just had would seem to be fairly benign. It seems like you have got good mixed tailwinds in terms of your value added business, export markets are okay. Can you talk about some of the bigger kind of drivers or variants that you think about in up or down side risks in chicken for the next 12 months?
Donnie Smith: Sure, I mean you called it as it relates to grain, we feel like that is pretty much flat, will be in the same position in 2017 as we are in 2016 as far as we known today. What we continue to do is drive the core of that business. So retail and food service, value added products can be drive to the non-core the commodity linked quarters and byproducts down. So roughly the value added products are up above 4%, the commodity products down 7%. So the net is, if you could look at the total, the chicken platform you see it’s roughly flat, but the mix in between is continuing to improve towards value added.
Adam Samuelson: All right. Thank you. I’ll pass it along.
Operator: And the next question will come from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I thought also one of the comments about Chicken was that you has expected Chicken demand to be down in July, August, so you reduced production and you said it was related to consumer demand and I guess that’s related to lower beef prices. Was consumer demand as weak as you thought it was for Chicken, I mean it seems to me that demand for Chicken had been a huge part of the story overall. Are you seeing any kind of weakening in that regard and then it had a follow-up on trim prices, which we track other than a little bit of a spike in July, I really didn’t see anything else for the quarter, in fact, it came down quite a bit in August and September. So I wanted to maybe get a sense of just how sharp of an increase that was for your Prepared Foods margins?
Donnie Smith: Sure. Yes, so as it relates to poultry first, the volume was off to for sure up in Q4. But we saw it come in, we have a good [Indiscernible] process, I think it probably goes with our experience and [Indiscernible] signals allows us to modify in advance of seeing that now. As Dennis has said and we talk about we have seen that come back in first quarter here. So the volume was off and it now has come back and the other thing that we want to make sure we do is we have lower inventories. We want to make sure that we don’t run into a season of high inventories and that certainly helped us towards selling through the inventory a large degree in Q1. So it was the right thing to certainly pull back in production. As it relates to trim pricing. So if you look at 72s and 42s the Prepared Foods business and particularly as it relates to hot dogs and grinding materials for sausage and so forth, the sharp spike dropped off dramatically as the trim is dropping off. It’s good for us, because costs were going down or price is up, I may shoot up. Again the slope of the change is going to cause us particularly on the food service business for reforming of price to have our raw material costs higher and our formula prices is lagging by about it is. So that was the short-term impacts, we are through that and that’s the situation there.
Robert Moskow: And why do you think Chicken demand is coming back, I mean beef prices continue to fall. So you might see more consumer demand shifting to beef, I mean what how do you know it’s not just a head take and it might get weak again?
Donnie Smith: We see that the value that we provide through for all of our customers is predominantly focused on how they grow their categories overall and when we look at Chicken, we have significant MAP spending that they want, they want us to invest in the business and continue to drive growth. We have seen certainly some share gains and that’s something that we are tremendously excited about, as we look at how chicken that the retail value added poultry or the Tyson brand at retail it’s been doing very well, we have got a lot of innovation behind it. So those are sort of the key drivers and some of the food service business that we have picked up over this summer is starting to kick-in. So there is a lot of things that - I can’t give you all the detail on it Rob, but there is lot of things that are sort of working together that give us tremendous confidence about chicken volume not just Q1 but for 2017.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Congrats again Donnie and good luck, Tom.
Donnie Smith: Okay.
Tom Hayes: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. And thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to make sure I understood when you are talking about all the shortfall in the fourth quarter chicken business shifting into 1Q. Can you just elaborate on what that mean? I wasn’t quite certain if you are talking profit or volume?
Donnie Smith: It’s more profit Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. With that in mean and thank you for that. Can you help us and I know you are getting same question in 10 different ways, so forgive me. But you help us walk us through the mechanics of that, because I’m not quite sure like the soy issues that doesn’t reverse right, MAP spending I assume it’s not coming down in the first quarter. So I guess it’s mostly fixed cost deleverage issue that gets reversed. Does that imply that volumes have to be significantly better than they usually are in 1Q. Again, you have talked about this. So I just want to make sure, I’m thinking about this in the right way.
Donnie Smith: Yes. Sure. So, Ken soybean meal, yes you have seen the chart, everybody seen it, it spiked up and then it’s [Indiscernible] that was up and down enough and now it’s flatten back out, right. So, yes it has come back down and it’s being down so that is helping our cost base. And I would say it’s a relates to feed cost in Q4 is always a lag and our cost. So now that in speaking to the profit, we are going to be in a much better shape based on doing a couple of things. One is reducing the amount that we produce or inventories we are drawing down and also continuing to do what I said, which is focused on driving growth at retail through the Tyson brands and driving growth with the new food service customer places.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. And then I may have missed this, but I wanted to ask about retail beef and pork prices. It really hasn’t fallen as much as wholesale and farm prices have for cattle and hogs. I know that retail prices are always much less volatile. It just seems a little more so at this time, as they are really kind of being sticky. I’m just curious what your updated thoughts are and if that changes when that might change, are you having any conversations with your grocery customers about the proper prices that they should have on the shelf at this point?
Dennis Leatherby: Yes. We kind of run that, we don’t influence necessarily the prices are going to be charging on the shelf, but you got to nail the dynamic is that the livestock prices have not come down faster than the retail prices has, which is allowed us to make the margins that we have right now in both beef and pork. So how that sticks to the season, I think it remains to be seen, but that is the dynamic that’s allowing us to have a very, very strong first quarter.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thanks so much.
Dennis Leatherby: Okay.
Operator: And the next question will come from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam: Thanks. Good morning.
Donnie Smith: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: Again. On chicken, could you just share with us your commentary about demand declines and recovery. Is that for Tyson specific or is that the industry. And why would Tyson’s demand be different than the industry.
Tom Hayes: So Farha this is Tom, we are talking about Tyson as that’s all we can really speak to right. I mean that’s what we focus on, and it is the Tyson brand retail, significant innovation, advertising, we have been on-air with television, we are seeing the definite results of at that activity, like I mentioned up 6% heading into much stronger Q1. And speaking again need to be a broken record, but we have taken on some significant business throughout whether it's food service or retail predominantly on the Tyson brands. Certainly there are some retail private label that we plan, but it’s predominantly the Tyson brand that we are seeing increased spend.
Farha Aslam: Okay. And then, when you look at your Prepared Foods business and the operational issues that you faced during the quarter could you roughly quantify how much they were and if they are completely fixed any carryover to the first quarter?
Tom Hayes: Yes, we won’t quantify in specific terms, we will say that it was some of the down draft on Q4, there was as we closed one of our factories that produce pizza toppings, we had challenges moving to the factories that were actually increasing capacity at. So that was not our finest hour in terms of how we execute and we are in a much better position now, because the good news is we have strong customer demands and we are building capacity to meet that customer demand. And it was a onetime issue that's going to be certainly as we ramp up to serve the volume, we are going to see some continued at capacity numbers, but I would say that this predominantly due to that plant closures the affect it and so I can’t quantify for you but that's the story.
Farha Aslam: You are done with it now?
Tom Hayes: We are still going to be going through the first half of this year getting some stability against that in terms of impacting our numbers is more of an opportunity. But in order to drive the results it's getting all of the volume that we have subscribed out the door in terms of customer orders that's the biggest challenge. I would say that all of the supply chain issues would be solved for the second half of the year that's when the significant stability will come as well as our ability to serve all the order that we have on the improved demand.
Farha Aslam: That's helpful. Thank you.
Tom Hayes: You are welcome.
Operator: And the next question will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you, and first congrats Donnie again on everything going out of the stock today that's been pushed aside, but congratulations on your retirement I guess. But my question is again on chicken, I just wondered is it fair to say that if you didn’t have these three one-time issues that your numbers for chicken would have been above the normalized range. I mean I know you are hesitating for some reason to quantify it, but just wanted to first understand the magnitude of the impact?
Donnie Smith: The answer to that Akshay is yes, they would have been within the normalized range that you have typically become used to and it is unfortunately a one-time occurrence that we are going good about in terms of Q1 and rest of the year.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then just related to the guidance, obviously again on chicken you are guiding similar results like this year, which is above the normal range. But I guess the markets is not really believing that so the demand issue - so what is built into your projection, if retailers do reduce the price of beef and pork will that - I mean are you able to navigate through that and still deliver the results you are promising for next year. And then can you just elaborate a little bit more on look the demand issue was in terms of weakness and why it caught you by surprise since you gave last year guidance.
Donnie Smith: So what I can tell you is we are seven weeks into our fiscal year, and we have lot more to come, we feel great about it. But everything thing that we know in terms of beef and pork pricing and chicken business in Prepared Food it’s in our projection. So as we move through the year, we feel like we are going to be in a great shape. We are seven weeks and everything that we know is in our projections. That’s all I can say about that. In terms of demand signal, that’s what drives our [Indiscernible] the demand is sometimes when you cross the end of the year it’s certainly difficult. But at the end of the quarter I think of it as while we go to put those couple of months together or couple of quarters together to really take a good luck at what the demand is. And that is insignificant thing certainly as we are coming into the fiscal year for us here. So getting into Q1, you will see that those two things are offsetting, but certainly beef pricing - not necessarily help the other proteins, but beef pricing has been down significantly, so you see the volume up rather sharply on beef.
Akshay Jagdale: So again, what happened with the demand being weaker, was related to beef pricing being lower. I'm just trying to understand what on demand for chicken really changed, because we just want to make our own judgments on whether that factor will continue in 2017? Thank you.
Donnie Smith: Okay, I would say beef was probably the largest sharpest up of all the proteins. We can’t say there is anyone in particular issue, there is lot of thing we got to work to drive the volume and customers are loading it at different times or the season, they are trailing up inventories. There is not a specific thing that you can fit into other than we did see certainly beef as probably the largest factor.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you.
Donnie Smith: You are welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes hi. Just a question on the pork segment, I mean it looks like margins for the packers are at an all time high, and just wondering if we should expect to see - I know you guided the 10% plus but it looks like potentially fiscal 2017 could even be better than 2016. Is that a fair assessment of kind of the market?
Tom Hayes: Yes, so you know it’s definitely going to be a good year for pork that we have guided to. Well above the normalized range of six to eight, we said we think it’s going to be 10 plus. So we continue to see strong demand for pork, it’s seasonal for sure, but we have very strong demand for pork. And supplies are roughly, I think in unison with demand, so it’s a good thing for us and so that’s why for us we feel like it’s going to be a good year on pork.
Michael Piken: As you look further ahead, to the vertically integrated hog producers are adding some packing capacity, which is suppose to come online next summer. Are you guys already sort of looking at alternative suppliers or how do you see your pork utilization rates trending as these other facilities come online and how are you looking to source your hogs in the future? Thanks.
Donnie Smith: So it looks like there is going to be sufficient harvest capacity to stay ahead of the increased hog supply. Our math is showing that the supply growth and demand growth like I said are relatively balance over the next few years and so that looks good for us. We feel like as it relates to season, the carcass weights are still not high as you might think they would be, indicating the supply as relatively current. So it remaining to be seen, it will that affects us, but we are feeling we are in a great position, we feel like we are well balanced between supply and demand.
Michael Piken: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning and congrats, Tom and Donnie. First question, you noted that the Georgia Dock price is not the primary driver of chicken pricing. Perhaps you could just talk about how Tyson is getting its chicken pricing, which I believe is up 3.5% this quarter. And what your near-term outlook is for pricing in that segment?
Tom Hayes: Yes. So thank you, the Georgia Dock is one of many elements that we use, I would say that as we have talked about in the past probably the best for us is if we have something that’s tied to any industry it really the underlying grain. So if we have a customer that’s willing to block for a period of time then it’s marked for us - grain underneath to make sure we have a margin that’s blocked up. Beyond I would say we continue to see our portfolio move more and more to what I’ll call list pricing. List pricing with a promotional element on top of it, so regardless of whether its food service or retail that’s the model that we have within Prepared Foods, a lot of the chicken value add acts like Prepared Foods. So I would say that’s the predominant model beyond locking in against grain underlying input cost.
David Palmer: As a follow-up to that you discussed the soy spike over the summer and the impact on margins. Does this some in some way reframing the cyclical nature of margins according to feed costs, in other words, if we were to see a significant reversal in feed costs going in soy will the chicken segment margins perhaps dip below the long-term range of 9% to 11% at least on a temporary basis if that were to occur?
Donnie Smith: Yes, I think that’s fair. It depends on when they happen in the year and how steep the service and so that’s what is going to drive whether or not they are going to have a short-term impact on how [Indiscernible] going to be. So I think that’s fair.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Donnie Smith: Welcome.
Operator: And the next question will be from Jeremy Scott of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Scott: Hey thanks guys for the follow-up but sure this won’t surprise you, but I have a follow-up on chicken. Just the way I calculated, based on your commentary. The shortfall in the quarter was upwards of $80 million to $120 million in chicken. And first of all, is that number somewhere in the ballpark? But secondly, when you say you will recapture that shortfall in the first quarter, you mean you will recapture the margin not necessarily a piece of that $80 million to $120 million. Are there mark-to-market losses that needs to be factoring in that will unlock in the first quarter or how should we think about that?
Donnie Smith: Yes, the mark-to-market I’ll ask Dennis to chime in here, but no its margin structure we are talking about going back to where we expect it should be and again I’ll just repeat that we have not small amount of marketing and advertising promotional investment.
Dennis Leatherby: As far as mark-to-market that’s not much of a factor.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Tom Hayes for his closing remarks.
Tom Hayes: Okay. Well, thank you very much. What I would like to say is A, thank you for your interest and your continued interest during this Thanks Giving Holiday season, very happy with our investors, sell side, buy side analyst continue to be interested in our stock. And certainly thanks to Donnie Smith, he has been a great partner bringing me up to speed on everything I need to know about Tyson Foods family. And as he said in his remarks, he is not going anywhere for three years, he is going to be on speed-dial for me, so I’m very happy about that. So I would just say thank you very for your attention and I appreciate it and we will be talking to you soon.
Operator: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thomas P. Hayes - President Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Foods Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. All participants are in listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session of today's presentation. I will now turn the call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may now begin.
Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and welcome to the Tyson Foods, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. On today's call are Donnie Smith, Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hayes, President; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Tyson Foods issued an earnings news release this morning, which has been filed with the SEC on Form 8-K, and is also available on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.tyson.com. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect current views with respect to future events, such as Tysons' outlook for future performance on sales, margin, earnings growth and various other aspects of its business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the SEC for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. During the call, there will be a discussion of some items that do not conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, including adjusted EPS. Tyson has reconciled these items to the most comparable GAAP measures in the earnings release and on our website at ir.tyson.com. To be fair to the other analysts, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have additional questions, please get back in queue and we'll answer as many of your questions as time allows. I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Monday, August 8, 2016, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. A replay of today's call will be available on Tyson's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. This broadcast is the property of Tyson Foods and any redistribution, re-transmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the express written consent of Tyson Foods is strictly prohibited. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We continue to build momentum. Our differentiated business model and our strong performance across all segments are contributing to higher, more stable margins. We delivered record third-quarter earnings, operating income, and return on sales. And as a result, we're raising fiscal 2016 adjusted earnings guidance to $4.40 to $4.50 a share. Synergies for the quarter were $150 million, with $63 million incremental over Q3 of 2015. Year-to-date, synergies totaled $415 million, with $191 million incremental versus the same period last year, and we'll exceed the $500 million target as planned. We bought back 6.6 million shares in Q3 and another 5.4 million so far in Q4, bringing our total shares repurchased to just over 31 million during the past 12 months. Q3 was an outstanding quarter in what will be a record year. And now Tom Hayes, who's on his first earnings call as our new President, will report on our operating segments.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Great. Good morning, everybody, and thanks a lot, Donnie. I'm really excited to be on the call and looking forward to a lot of interaction, more interaction, with our investors and analysts and – in addition to leading our amazing team. As Donnie said, I'll take you through the segments and provide color around the results, as well as some initial thoughts on 2017. First, let's look at the Prepared Foods segment. Operating income in the third quarter was $197 million, with a 10.9% operating margin. Volume, compared to Q3 last year, was up 1.9%, and sales dollars were virtually flat. The lower average selling price resulted from decreased raw material costs and successful pricing strategies to drive volume. We're particularly pleased with the volume increases in Ball Park hot dogs, Hillshire Farm smoked sausage, and lunchmeat. In Q3, we captured $116 million in synergies in the Prepared Foods segment, with $37 million incremental to third quarter last year. As we look towards 2017, we expect Prepared Foods to remain at the lower end of the 10% to 12% operating margin range, as we continue to invest heavily in innovation, new product launches, and supporting the growth of our leading brands. Turning to the Chicken segment, Chicken produced operating income of $380 million, with a 13.9% return on sales. The important call out in Chicken is that we've continued to improve our product mix. We've grown value-added sales by 5% and reduced commodity sales by 10%, which is why the average selling price was up 40 basis points in the quarter, where our volume was down 90 basis points versus the same quarter last year. We're being really strategic about our growth. We're growing where we want to grow, and it's reflected in the record return on sales. We've restructured our Chicken business to produce higher, more stable margins over time, and as a quick reminder, here's how we've done this. First, we've optimized our cost structure by investing in our operations with good ROIC projects and by taking out more than $1 billion of inefficiencies from our system. Second, we've diversified our pricing mechanisms. Third, we've upgraded our mix to more value-added branded products to meet demand from our retail and food service customers. Fourth, we've implemented the buy versus growth strategy. And finally, we're providing industry-leading quality and customer service day in and day out. We expect to finish the fiscal year with an operating margin of more than 12% in the Chicken segment, and we think fiscal 2017 will be similar. Turning to the Beef segment, operating income was $91 million, with a 2.4% return on sales, compared to a $7 million loss in the third quarter last year. Volume was up 2.9% as more cattle were available to process, while the average selling price declined 14.6%. Although we expect fed cattle supplies to increase 2% to 3% in fiscal 2017, domestic availability should increase only slightly due to reduced imports and some export demand improvement. Finally, in the Pork segment, we had another great quarter, with $122 million in operating income and a 9.6% return on sales. This compares to $64 million and a 5.3% return in Q3 of 2015. Despite increased production, volume was down 1.7% due to reduced inventories as well as product mix changes. The average selling price was up 7.2%. Our Pork segment should finish fiscal 2016 with an operating margin above 10%, and in 2017, it should be above its 6% to 8% normalized range. So overall, we expect supplies of chicken, beef and pork to be up 2% to 3% next year. However, domestic demand for protein has been strong. We expect it to continue as prices decline. We'll stay focused on growing sales volume and shifting our mix to more value-added products, and we have the unique ability to access multiple channels to meet consumer and customer demand wherever food is sold. This allows us to drive growth and remain a preferred provider with leading brands. I'm going to turn it back over to Donnie, he's going to expand and give us his thoughts on the macro environment.
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tom. I want to build on what Tom said about growing where we want to grow. Consumer sentiment is mildly positive as unemployment and gasoline prices have decreased, while real GDP and disposable personal income have moved up slightly. In this environment, food-service traffic remains about flat, and average check size is up about 2%. QSR change, which typically drive demand for value-added chicken and prepared foods, are showing the most growth. We're well-aligned with those National Account customers, as well as other growing channels in food service. At retail, efforts to support our brands are paying off. Our Core 9 volume is up 6% for the 13 weeks ended July 24, and our retail fresh volume continues to grow as consumers shift towards the perimeter of the store. We partner with our customers to grow their businesses, which is why our retailers rely on us as category captains for consumer and category insights. Since Tyson and Hillshire came together two years ago, we've more than doubled our category captaincies with retailers to a total of 143 (9:21). Innovation also plays a key role in customer growth and therefore ours. Our Vitality Index, which measures the percent of sales from products launched within the previous three years, is projected to exceed 21% for food service and 13% for retail this fiscal year. Those rates are considered best-in-class and include new products like Hillshire Farm Chicken Apple Sausage for convenience stores, cleaner labeled all-natural Chicken for food service distributors, Jimmy Dean frittatas and stuffed hash browns and Ball Park frozen meats for retail and club stores. We're on track to launch Tyson Tastemakers in e-commerce in the fall and later this month, Tyson Naturals' frozen value-added chicken and new varieties of Hillshire Snacking will roll out at retail. Our differentiated capabilities in both our scalable supply-chain and customer and consumer demand expertise are driving profitable growth in the marketplace. We see this across the key metrics including the category captaincies and the Product Vitality Index that I mentioned earlier. And we expect this to continue as we have the organizational capacity and the resources to drive growth and higher, more stable margins. Through our strong sales team, we continue to foster strategic customer relationships and leverage our consumer insights, innovation, culinary expertise, service and quality to grow with our customers, develop channels and build brands that will propel us forward. Obviously, we have a lot to be excited about as we finish fiscal 2016 and move into fiscal 2017, which we expect to be another record year and another year of growth. Now, I'll turn it over to Dennis, who will report on the quarter and give you some early thoughts on next year.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was another great quarter as we delivered record earnings due to strong results across each of our segments. The investments we have made in our brands in optimizing mix across the entire portfolio, has been evident in the growth of our earnings in 2016. Being a growth company, we see tremendous value in our shares. In Q3, we were able to repurchase 6.6 million shares for $425 million. So far during the fourth quarter of this year, we've repurchased over 5 million shares for $380 million. In total, since August of last year, we have repurchased over 31 million shares for just under $1.8 billion at an average price of about $56 per share, which underscores our commitment to continue returning cash to shareholders. Total company return on sales was 8.2%, a record for our third quarter. Operating income was $767 million, representing a 35% increase over adjusted operating income from Q3 a year ago and also a record for the third quarter. Our record third-quarter EPS of $1.25 represents a 51% increase over $0.83 per share in Q3 last year. On an adjusted basis, Q3 EPS of $1.21 was also a record and a 51% increase over last year as well. It's important to note that on an adjusted basis our last 12 months' EPS is $4.26. Our operating cash flow through three quarters was $1.9 billion, and we spent $515 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $55 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 31.8% and 33.9% on an adjusted basis. Net debt-to-EBITDA for the past 12 months was 1.7 times. Including cash of $197 million, net debt was $6 billion, and total liquidity was $1.3 billion. Net interest expense was $58 million during Q3. For the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were 388 million. Now here are some thoughts on full year fiscal 2016 and some early thoughts on fiscal 2017. We expect revenues of approximately $37 billion for fiscal 2016 and growth in revenues for fiscal 2017. Net interest expense should approximate $245 million in fiscal 2016 and $225 million in fiscal 2017. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 34.8% for fiscal 2016 and 35% for fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2016, CapEx is expected to approximate $725 million. In fiscal 2017, we expect CapEx to increase as we continue to focus on projects that create long term shareholder value. Prior to adjusting for any additional share repurchases subsequent to this call, and based on our average share price so far in Q4, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 381 million. Our last 12 months' adjusted ROIC is 17.5% and is expected to be over 18% by the end of this fiscal year. This is approaching our pre-Hillshire acquisition ROIC of 20.5%, which further illustrates not only the strength of our earnings power but also our commitment to creating incremental shareholder value. We generated a record $2.8 billion in operating cash flows the past 12 months, which we used to invest in over $730 million in CapEx projects, retire $638 million in notes, which matured in Q2, at a coupon of 6.6%. We also returned approximately $200 million in dividends to our shareholders and repurchased over 31 million shares for just under $1.8 billion including repurchases so far in Q4. So far in fiscal 2016, each segment is operating within or above their normalized ranges. The strong performance of each of our segments gives us confidence to raise our adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $4.40 to $4.50 for fiscal 2016. This new range is 40% over our fiscal 2015 adjusted EPS and represents a four-year CAGR of 22%. And while we stay focused on wrapping up a record year for fiscal 2016, we expect growth in sales, operating income and EPS in fiscal 2017, as we believe the Chicken segment should be over 12% again. Prepared Foods margin should be near the low end of its normalized range of 10% to 12% as we continue to invest heavily in innovation, new product launches and the growth of our brands, our Pork segment should be above its normalized range of 6% to 8%, and the Beef segment should be toward the upper end of its normalized range of 1.5% to 3%. In closing, the evolution of our business model to produce strong stable margins has set us up for another record year. The bar is set high for 2017 as we come off 40% EPS growth in fiscal 2016, but we're excited about the momentum we are generating, which gives us confidence to achieve high-single digit growth for fiscal 2017. This concludes our prepared remarks. Tony, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you so much. At this time, I'd like to open up the lines for question-and-answer. We have our first question from Mr. David Palmer. Sir, your line is now open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Clearly, fiscal 2016 is going to be a big year and, obviously, that means difficult comparisons, as you mentioned. You also mentioned that you expect growth in next year, but didn't specify that 10% plus, which, for you, has been a long-term annual target. How are you thinking about fiscal 2017 and, specifically, what are the key variables in your mind that will help or hurt you with regard to getting another year of growth or maybe even that 10% next year?
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure, David. Let me take that one. So it's early. So if the question is, is it possible to do better than high-single digits, let me put it this way. With what I know today, I'm very confident in saying high-single digit EPS growth. The potential is there for more. So the short answer is, yeah. We can. Keep in mind, as you mentioned, that is coming off a year of EPS growth over 40% and, as Dennis mentioned in his comments, a four-year compounded growth rate of 22%. So here's the way we're thinking about how 2017 is shaping up. So in Prepared Foods, we're now seeing really solid volume gains across food service and retail just like we thought we would when we got our price gaps right, when our merchandising took effect, when our advertising hit and of course, we're driving really strong innovation, as I mentioned in our comments. So we feel really good about the momentum we have now and taking that through back to school into our fiscal 2017. Our Chicken business continues to do great. We continue to value up our mix, as Tom mentioned in his comments, and we continue to drive out inefficiencies from the business. So I think Chicken looks like it set up to have another good year of very solid growth and great earnings. In Pork, as we look at that segment, we hear a lot and it's true, that there is more capacity coming online, but we see that capacity coming late in calendar 2017, probably more affecting our 2018 than our fiscal 2017 and we do see about 2%, maybe a little bit more, increase in hog numbers out there. So there's going to be plenty of hogs around and, typically, when the supply is good, then that means another good year for us and that's certainly what we're expecting. Similar story in Beef. Beef supply continues to grow. We think the fed supply will be up about 2% to 3% next year. Fed supply is moving. We think that the increase will be probably felt greater in the north, which probably benefits us a bit, and then on top of all of that, David, we've got the ability – great cash flow, and we'll be returning a lot of cash to shareholders in buybacks. So that's why we continue to have a lot of confidence about 2017. Feel very good about upper-single digits now and, certainly, if there's more there, we're going to get it.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: A quick follow-up to that is, and I think this really is a controversy, or at least a question in people's minds is, how much is this an issue of controllables versus non-controllables? For instance, in the Chicken segment you have controllables, such as your mix of value-added chicken, maybe even the smaller bird mix and buy versus grow, but there are other cyclical factors, like corn prices or whether those small mid-size bird prices continue to hold up. How are you thinking in terms of what is controllable and what is perhaps a big macro variable? Thanks.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. So let me – I want to address the grain thing, and I'd like Tom to address controllables versus non-controllables and how we view that. So if we look next year at what the forward curve in the corn and soybean markets has given us, it looks like the next year is going to be pretty much flat to this year. So we feel good about the way next year is structured. I don't want you to say – I don't want you to think, though, that corn prices necessarily determine our chicken margins. We diversified a lot of our pricing strategies, which Tom will talk about in a second, to be able to insulate us from that, and that's really been our story. Tom?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Yeah, just say, David, in the prepared remarks, we talked about the model, how it's changing in chicken. And we're getting more specific about this, because obviously, it's a huge driver of value. Where we want to grow, we are growing really successfully in both retail and food service in the Chicken business. And what offsets that are the categories where we don't want to grow. So leg quarters, byproducts. That's a part of our business that we just aren't focusing on, and we actually have been doing great internalizing more of those leg quarters for our own use on first order value-added products. So as Donnie said, the pricing mechanism, that's a huge driver for us. We've been doing a lot of work on that. And so continuing to drive value-added, it should give you the confidence. We'll continue to talk about that. You'll see it in the numbers, it turns into the right margins, we're focused on volume and margin, and executing buy versus grow, and continuing to focus on innovation, value-added service, quality. That's the answer, but that's where we are going.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Tim Ramey. Sir, your line is now open.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Thanks so much. Donnie, you've done a remarkable job with the company. It seems to me that you're sort of kind of one acquisition away from getting this company to where you might want it to be, more solidly in the double-digit EBITDA margin camp. I think you've done two quarters now of double-digit EBITDA margins, which is incredible relative to history. How would you react to that comment? And what does the lay of the land look like for M&A?
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Tim, the great thing about our business is how much organic growth opportunity we have. Protein is obviously very important to consumers, not just in the U.S. but around the world, so it's great to be a protein-centered company. And then when you look at the categories that we're in and how consumers are shifting demand, for example, more towards fresh, more towards value-added, seeking more convenience, that kind of thing, that just plays into our wheelhouse, because that's what we do. When you layer on top of how the consumer is shifting, our ability to understand the insights and how to use those insights to drive innovation, those are really key building points to continue in this organic growth story. And of course, we're going to be focusing, as Tom mentioned, on growing at both retail and food service and value-added poultry and in Prepared Foods. Of course we've got all the raw materials back behind that that we need, and we continue to work on ways to add value to those. So it's just a great organic growth story there. Now, I'll turn it over to Dennis a little bit and let him talk about our capacity. But certainly, our M&A strategy that is all around first, strategic fit, then making sure that target can provide the type of return that we're looking for, and then we also look at the execution and the cultural fit of that kind of target. So, Dennis, do you want to talk about capacity and such?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think the good thing about what's going on with our strong cash flow and our deleveraging, even though we're largely keeping debt flat since March, is that our debt capacity has expanded to the point where we could easily do a Hillshire-size acquisition so long as it's at the right price, we can create the right synergies and generate the right returns. So we're really in good shape there.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Sounds good. So don't need M&A, but M&A could be a positive for the future?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, sir. That's a great way to look at it.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Adam Samuelson. Sir, your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe some questions in Prepared Foods, if you don't mind. Maybe first, the guidance for the year of margins at the low-end of the normalized range. You're at 10.9% exactly for the first three quarters, so can you maybe bridge how margins are actually down year-over-year in the fourth quarter, with synergies and lapping some of the AI issues last year? And then with the synergies that you should have incrementally in 2017, can you scope – kind of seems like a really big step up in new product innovation and marketing spend there, but help scope some of the spending bridge for 2017 in Prepared Foods? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Sure. Hey, Adam. It's Tom. So what I'd say, and as it relates to this quarter, there is a bit of noise. We had some plant closures that are rolling through the numbers, but the biggest item is that we are investing to grow the business. As we talked – going back several quarters ago, we had a (27:45). We're trying to resurrect the volume that we had sort of previous to a lot of the input price declines, input cost declines, and we've done it. The growth has been substantial in our Core 9. So the theme is we're going to continue to invest. We're going to make sure that we have the position on the shelf. I think 2017 is setting up to be a year where there's going to be a lot of protein available. We want to make sure we have the right shelf position, and innovation, as you called out, is going to be significant. So for the quarter, I'd say there's a bit of noise, but it's really investment we put in the business. And it's showing in the volume results. As we look to 2017, it's really more of the same. We're going to continue to invest and drive growth particularly through innovation, and we'll talk a lot more about that in the future quarters about how that's setting up and what you should expect.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up in the Pork market. There's been some volatility in hogs and bellies and hams in the last couple of weeks. And I would agree that the market's setting up pretty favorable for the back half of this year, but can you talk about the market volatility that you're seeing in the Pork market and some of those values of late?
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, same volatility you've seen, Adam. Of course, belly prices have dropped precipitously, and that kind of thing. What we do is we just stick to our plan. There's a good supply of hogs coming our way. We've got great business out in front of us to add value to those raw materials, which we do. We'd love to see export markets a little better than what they are, but I think over time that could help a little bit. We don't really use – we said back years ago, we don't really use the freezer as a customer, and we don't. We have a plan for fiscal hedges on bellies. We continue to execute that plan, and then the raw material favorability will work its way in through the pricing over time. Food service reacts a little faster than certainly the retail does, but ultimately that raw material cost will find its way back to the customer. So, yeah, I echo the volatility. We're weathering it just fine. We're getting into a better demand period certainly than what we've come through, so we feel good about our Pork business on through 2016 and then another really, really solid year in 2017.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Ms. Farha Aslam. Ma'am, your line is now open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Can we talk about Chicken? And you highlighted the value-added. Is that improvement coming more in food service? More in retail? Tyson brand? Could you give us more color on where that benefit's coming from?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Sure. Hey, Farha. It's Tom. What we've seen is both in retail and food service – to answer your question, it's more in retail. Overall consumer products, so food that Tyson sells to consumer retail stores, and otherwise we have been – year-over-year, we're doing great. We have fantastic volume growth. As it relates to chicken specifically, that's where the largest benefit is coming from. The Chicken business in food service is strong and I would say getting stronger. So it's not – we don't make either/or decisions because all that business is very profitable to us. When we talk about value-added, if you think about our retail and food service businesses collectively, that's what we mean. So it's primary products that we're focused on. And so it's been in this quarter, I would say more retail benefit. But in looking forward, I think we're going to be well-balanced in both channels.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And just circling back on Beef, your commentary on Beef, particularly for next year is probably the strongest I've seen it in years. Is that sustainable for a longer period of time than just kind of going into next year, given the cattle cycle tends to be long? Could you give us just more color on what is your largest segment in terms of sales?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Yeah, so a couple of things about Beef. So it looks like that next year's fed supply will be up I think a little better than 2%, maybe even approaching 3%. But certainly somewhere in that area. And if you look out another two or three years past that, I think you can count on the same thing, but maybe barring another drought like we had three or four years ago. So it looks to us that the fed supply will continue to increase. And as the fed supply continues to increase, that certainly having more cattle available to process improves our business. There's another thing that I think helps us with our outlook or feel more and more positive about our outlook on Beef and that is the continued growth of our case-ready offerings. Coming up in, I believe it's October, there is a new regulation on retailers around having to keep up with where the raw material comes from as they grind ground beef back of house. And I think that portends a bright future for our case-ready grinds business. We've certainly been in lots of conversations, and we have the capability to do a lot more of that business than we're doing today. So that could also help improve our Beef margins over time. So we've got a solid outlook and feel very, very good about that part of our business.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Akshay Jagdale. Sir, your line is now open.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, and congratulations on a really good quarter.
Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Can you talk just about Beef a little bit? So this quarter, relative to what we see in the industry spreads, which are tracked by various sources, your performance is still lagging after four years or five years of outperformance; pretty consistently last couple of years and quarters have not been as good. I'm guessing that's all related to the international markets where you have a greater share. So first, tell me if I'm thinking about that correctly. And second, are you expecting that to reverse next year in your guidance commentary or will that be even an upside factor?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Akshay, so certainly, the export factor is a part of it. We do over index, particularly into Asia. And with the drop credit being down some 15% or 20% versus a year ago and those markets being a little softer than we'd like them to be and certainly the values going to those markets being a little softer than we'd like them to be, that has affected us versus the competitive set. But there's another factor I think that needs to be weighed in. If you look at the regional disparities in, let's call it the southern region of cattle procurement and the northern region, we way over index. In terms of our slaughter capacity in the north and cattle in the south have been about $1 a hundredweight. So somewhere on the order of $8 a head cheaper than cattle have been in the north. We think that, that will change over time as some of the smaller feedlots that tend to be in the north closer to the grain begin to increase capacity as the supply of cattle increases. So we think that favors us going forward, certainly from where we have been. So I think those are the really the two biggest factors. Our plants are running great, our efficiency, all that – all the stuff that Steve and his great group are doing to manage the business are in good shape. Those environmental factors are what they are and we'll continue to manage them over time.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: And then just one sort of longer-term question, which is, probably, related to two segments Prepared Foods and Chicken. So you mentioned organic growth opportunities. I feel like the biggest opportunity long-term is to improve the branded mix and sort of the margin mix if I may. So can you give us an update on sort of Core 9 where you stand? The volume performance, obviously, was a big turnaround so that's positive, but over like a three to five-year period like where is your Chicken business relative to where you think it could be from a branded mix and a margin mix perspective? Thank you. I'll pass it on after that.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Okay. Thanks. Akshay, it's Tom. Yeah. So to think about the way that we are growing or have grown the Prepared Foods business, the retail branded portion, the same approach is going to be applied to and soon it's starting to be applied to the Tyson brands in Chicken. So overall, speaking to the Core 9, we have, like I said a lot of innovation in the pipeline. There's a lot of great things that are already out there in the marketplace, Jimmy Dean hash browns, Jimmy Dean frittatas, new Hillshire Snacking platform, which Hillshire Snacking is going very well by the way. So it's going to be definitely on the back of innovation. There is no question about that and applying that to the Chicken segment, your question in particular, we see there's going to be plenty of opportunity for us to drive growth in areas that right now there hasn't been a lot of innovation. I think of the fresh tray pack chicken has been relatively static for years and years. And we like that opportunity for us to continue to think about how it can be different. So I'd expect you to expect that our innovation efforts against the entire portfolio, Chicken and Prepared Foods will deliver some significant benefits and we'll be talking like I said more about that in the future quarters here but we are planning the same model in terms of marketing innovation to Chicken as we have historically to the Prepared Foods business.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Ken Goldman. Sir, your line is now open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask about the Other segment. I know it's not the biggest segment. I realize it's hard to forecast, but I think you're guiding to another loss of roughly $90 million or so next year. I think maybe investors were hoping for something a little bit better than that. So can you just update us a little bit on the longer-term outlook for this segment, and what the strategy might be from here?
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'll let Dennis comment on some of the Other, I'll comment on some of the Other. So let me talk about China in particular. So, our China business continues to improve over expectations year-over-year. As Sally and the team work to shift our strategy from being a customer-centric strategy to be more of a consumer-centric strategy, we are seeing that that long-term will provide, we think, significant value. And she has a new general manager in China in place, a new sales lead in place. We've got a very, very strong team in China, and I'm very optimistic about their ability to continue to improve over time. I will say, though, that the dynamics in that market are very difficult. Corn and soybean meal are significantly higher in China than they are here in the United States. And the wholesale markets, you know, we're still somewhat beholden to the wholesale markets because we haven't made a full switch into value-added retail yet. So the wholesale markets continue to be weak, and quite a bit weaker than we would've thought the wholesale pork market would've indicated. Usually those two markets move in concert. The wholesale pork market has moved up and chicken has not moved up near as fast as the wholesale pork market has. So very difficult operating environment, but the team's doing a great job strategically turning that business. Now there's some other stuff in Other, and I'll let Dennis address that.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. So, Ken, what also is in Other is kind of in that bucket of expenditures that doesn't necessarily apply to segments. So for example, merger and integration costs have been in there. And to a lesser degree, we also have our SAP activities. We've had one launched. And we're in the process of another upgrade over the next year. So you'll see some of those costs in there as well.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you. And my follow-up, and I'll be honest, I've been jumping back and forth from calls, so just cut me off if this has been asked already, but I think you reduced the tailwind from raw materials to your Prepared Foods segment to 240 from 300 (41:49). I was a little surprised by that, just given what we've seen in hog and pork prices lately, and how precipitously they've fallen. I realize that the segment is a lot more than just those two, but maybe if you could help us understand what's driving less of an input benefit to that segment, that would be useful.
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I don't know specifically that we, we're seeing the exact same thing. What I would say, Ken, for our Prepared Foods business, a lot of the pricing – when we have input cost deflation, it flows through pricing in a pretty significant way. We try to, of course, continually decrease trendline margins over time, but that's kind of – whatever benefit we would see, there's a large part of that that flows straight through to pricing reduction. So whatever movements that we would see up or down, that's our intent and like I said, trying to make that less volatile over time in terms of our earnings is all about brand investment, innovation investment, and continuing to drive the agenda there. And that's sort of the way that we think about fluctuations in commodity cost inputs through the Prepared Foods business.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Ken, we'll have Jon dig in a little deeper on your question. He can follow up maybe a little later in the day. Okay?
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Michael Piken. Sir, your line is now open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into Prepared Foods, and just trying to understand when we might expect to start to hit the top-end of the range, just looking a couple years out, what types of things would you be looking for to reach the top end? And at what point do you sort of start to parse where your brand spending initiatives have been more successful than others? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Yes. So, Michael, it's Tom. We haven't set guidance as it relates to, where we think we're going to hit the top end. What we have done is really spent a lot of time on what our innovation pipeline is setting up as, and I would say not just in retail, also in the food service. And we like where we sit today. 10.9% and sitting at sort of at that lower end of the range for us is the right spot to be right now, given the investments that we're seeing, the availability of those investments in the business. As regards to where we start to hit the ceiling, we have different math objectives, marketing, advertising, promotional spend by brand, and some of them are more ready than others. So Jimmy Dean, as we've called out in the past, is something that we continue to invest highly against. Lots of ROI there, and our intent is to get more brands to that same position over time and it will be done by continuing to innovate and bring the investment up. So no guidance forward as to where we think the ceiling is. What I would just say is, as we start to see the progress, that we would get us closer to the top end of that range. We're going to invest to continue to have a strong growing Prepared Foods business at those, yeah, within-range margins.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: All right. Terrific. And then just shifting gears. Could you give us a little bit on the Chicken side of where you see your business evolving on the antibiotic-free side, both with non-human use antibiotics and total antibiotic-free Chicken, where you plan to take the business over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Sure. Yeah, so for – we have announced last year, I think you've seen this that we will be by the end of 2017, calendar 2017 our entire system will be with no antibiotics for use in human health. And we feel this is a really consumer-driven discussion. We have no antibiotic ever product available today. We continue to be ahead of, frankly, executing our strategy that we've intended. And we will go where the consumer is so in terms of what our supply-chain is doing to support that, the message you should take away is we feel good about where we are, actually we're a bit ahead of where we thought we would be and we'll continue to make progress to drive that agenda.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Robert Moskow. Sir, your line is now open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you for the question. If I think about the element of your business that has really outperformed the most and differentiated you, it's the value-added side of Chicken, and it's been an extraordinary achievement. But I think the challenge I have and others maybe is that when you look at the components of what you define as value-add, it seems like it's a lot of products that could be easily duplicated by your competitors. And maybe they haven't set up the supply-chain, or the further processing capacity yet to do that, and I'm just wondering if you can help us a little bit with how many years ahead do you think you are versus competition? What is it about the way you've set things up, that makes it hard to duplicate? And just maybe help us think of it that way, to understand the competitive advantage.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Thanks, Rob. One of the things that we continue to come back to is those five elements that I talked about in the prepared remarks. Not commenting on competition, how quickly they can come up the curve. I won't speak to that. But it's not any one thing. It's all those in combination that give our model the strength that it has, hence, the operations improvements, we don't typically talk a lot about but it's been really, really impressive what we've done. And we're really thinking about what's the headline there, what have we done that is going to be notable or should be notable is that we feel the Chicken business is now in a spot where it's a pull business versus we're pushing supply on the market. So our pricing mechanisms reflect that, our move to more value-added products whether it's part-fried products, fully cooked, we're building capacity against those because we continue to see tremendous demand. The buy versus growth strategy we talked a lot about. And then just staying on top of all those things that give us the best supply base that can make sure our customers are served excellently with great services is really what we're about. Okay. I don't know if that's satisfying you or not but it's really it's those five things we talk about in combination, I can't point to any one that's going to be the silver bullet or the panacea for somebody that competes with us, but you're right, but that's (48:54) we continue to stay focused on.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Maybe one follow-up, Tom. You're talking about increasing your differentiation in tray pack. How revolutionary can you be there, in what is a pretty basic-looking product?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Well, we love consumer insights. So how revolutionary we can be will be dependent upon what the consumer tells us and where that takes us. Yeah, we're sorting through right now. It's going to be an exciting time. There's a reason to believe that we should not only and I would say fresh frankly but also in the frozen case be doing things that would be above and beyond what people are thinking about today based on what consumers are telling us. We really doubled down on those consumer insights. Probably you got to wait and see, and without stealing the thunder of anybody on our innovation team. So we'll talk about more about that whether it's at CAGNY or other events. That's something that we're really going to be continuously focused on and we're excited to do that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Sounds good. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Jeremy Scott. Sir, your line is now open.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Thanks for the question. Good morning.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Just wondering if you can unpack the Chicken margin performance. I think when we started the year, you were looking for Chicken margins to exceed 10%, and as you've outperformed, that's obviously come up, and now we're looking for closer to 13%, 14%. I realize there's a lot of moving parts, and I don't mean to over-simplify, but if we were to isolate the margins you were able to deliver from growing and selling chicken from the margins on your buying platform, under the current conditions, is it reasonable to assume that the buy versus grow model is delivering a margin premium somewhere around 300 bps, 400 bps, just based on your change in guidance? And what's implicit in the fiscal 2017 guidance? Is that level of premium achievable in the market, only when there's a significant excess supply of breast meat?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Yeah, I wouldn't say that, Jeremy. But we couldn't ascribe any certain amount of basis points that are – you're going to drive from any one part of the model. What I would say is as we've talked about our margins prospectively into 2017, we feel like they're going to be about the same as 2016. The idea that we have done things, like we don't have unprotected fixed prices. We continue to drive our business throughout the channels that we have access to. There's a lot of reasons to be happy with the model that you have here at Tyson as it relates to Chicken because we aren't just a one-trick pony. We have a lot of focus channels that we do really well in and we're continuing to drive our expertise in those category captaincies. We're up to 143 (51:57), I mean, which I think is about double from where we were at the time of the acquisition. Things that are – we're working with our customers to get to a better place, those are the things that we'll focus on grains. We've looked at this, have the same margins whether up or down. And we're going to have some periods of time based on the slope of the curve. That of course, is going to affect margins. But on balance, we look to make sure that we run our model with no excess, and that's where we've been. And that's what's been the driver of our success.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And just curious about your pricing investments in Prepared Foods. You spoke about getting the gaps right, when or if you expect competitors to turn up the dial? Clearly you've been winning volume share, but at what cost and how long? Do you think that volume growth can continue, if your competitors start to respond?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: We think the volume growth – depends on which category you're talking about, the overall Core 9 as we've talked, has done really, really well. Can't speak to what our competition is going to do. Certainly we have predictive models based on what input costs are doing, then we think we're pretty good at that, understanding where they would go in a rational environment. We're not very good at predicting irrational behavior, but if competitors are going to act rationally, we have a pretty good beat on what we should be doing in terms of investing against our brands. The idea that this has done a great job for us, we continue to stay focused on, where are the right levels and where are the right gaps, because frankly, we're into the fall of last year, our gaps became such that it was detrimental to the volume of the business. And like I said earlier, we want to make sure that we're in the right spot as we go into 2017 with protein, this is going to be available. And we want to make sure that we are available on shelf and we have the primary position. So I don't know if that answers your questions, but that's – we feel we're in the right spot right now based on the investments that we've made.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Got it. Thanks. Just one follow-up on the CapEx guidance, pretty significant reduction quarter-to-quarter on the guidance. Can you just piece that out: what are the drivers there?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. The main drivers are just really the thoroughness at which we're approaching our projects. We're embedding a heavy amount of safety practices at a new level and also continuous improvement. So that's kind of delayed the spend a bit, but it's still coming.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Mr. Ken Zaslow. Sir, your line is now open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just two questions. One is, at what level will Prepared Foods business investment level off? Not so much that you go to a higher margin, but at the point that you'll feel like you reached a run rate that will continue, rather than having to go incrementally accelerating?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Ken, what I would say is we don't say there's going to be certain level that we would top out at necessarily, in terms of investment. It's going to be – let me use an example, if every brand came up to the ROI that we get on Jimmy Dean across the Core 9. So we'd be spending a lot more and be getting fantastic return for it. The model, what that looks like across every single property, we haven't necessarily done that, I would say. The idea of us continuing to invest, when we get the margin structure that we have and it continues to get better, we will put the foot on the gas. The idea is that we will not find ourselves in a position, we don't think, where we're stopping the investment because we feel like it's going to be way too high. We generally focus on our investments continue to go north on our brand new products, but where that ceiling is? It's really something I can't comment on right now
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then my next question is, as you move to the Chicken business going to more Prepared Foods and more value-added, if Core were to be at $1, or $1.50 higher than it is, would that have any impact on your margin outlook for 2017 and beyond?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: No. I wouldn't say – I would say no, it wouldn't. Really, for us, it's more about the slope of the curve. So it's not whether or not it's going to be at a certain sustained level or not. It's how quickly we go up or down, and that certainly affects all of our business frankly, not just Poultry. We feel like our model is in a much better position because we have a value-added mix. We have the pricing mechanisms that don't change all at once. So we feel like we're in a really good spot there.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So again, your Chicken margin would have stayed at this range even if corn was higher, even like a month ago. So you guys are comfortable, there's no reason to assume that corn has a material impact as you progress through your Chicken margin outlook; is that fair?
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Yes, that's fair, and I'd say again, I'd point to the slope. It all – it dependents upon the slope of the change.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I appreciate it. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes - President: Yup.
Operator: I show no further questions at this time, sir.
Donald J. Smith - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So before we go, let me reiterate something that we said earlier. With the expected adjusted EPS growth this year in the neighborhood of 40%, we've set the bar high, but we have momentum and we're confident in our ability to achieve high-single digit growth next year. We're growing now, and we're going to keep growing. Thanks for joining us, and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Foods Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Questions will be taken after the presentation. This call is being recorded. If you object, please disconnect now. I will now turn the call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods conference call for the second quarter of the 2016 fiscal year. On today's call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the news release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. To be fair to other analysts in the queue, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please get back in the queue and we'll answer as many of your questions as time allows. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone. Our transformation continues and our momentum is building with another record-setting quarter characterized by strong performances across all segments. Versus Q2 last year, operating income grew 27% to $704 million with an operating margin of 7.7%, both records for a second quarter which is typically our most challenging. We delivered adjusted EPS of $1.07. Our strategies for growth are working. Our team is focused on innovation and building our portfolio of leading products and brands. We're adjusting to consumer trends and shifts in the marketplace and we're capturing synergies. Total synergies for the quarter were $144 million. Year-to-date, synergies are $265 million and are ahead of pace to exceed $500 million by the end of the fiscal year. Total synergies since the acquisition are $450 million. Diving into the specifics for the quarter, Prepared Foods, Chicken and Pork were in or above their normalized margin ranges while Beef just missed its range after recovering from losses a year ago. Total volume was up 2.1% excluding the divestiture of our Mexico chicken operation. Top line sales were down across the board as the deflationary environment continued for beef, pork, and chicken prices. Prepared Foods' operating income was $197 million with a 10.9% return on sales, tying the previous record. Operating income improved due to product mix changes and lower input cost. Total volume compared to Q2 last year was down 0.3%, sales dollars were down 3.6% due to lower inputs and pricing actions at retail as we positioned our portfolio to accelerate volume growth in the back half of the year. IRI data indicates that our efforts to drive volume momentum is having the intended effect as volumes are up 4% for the most recent four-week period in the Core 9 on the back of significant share gains, driven primarily by Ball Park hotdogs, Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage and Hillshire Farm smoked sausage and lunch meat. In Q2, we captured $111 million in synergies in the Prepared Foods segment with $41 million incremental to Q2 of last year. We expect the segment's operating margin to be at the low end of the normalized range in fiscal 2016 as we continue putting a good portion of the synergies back into the business for innovation, new product launches, and strengthening our brands to support long-term growth. The Chicken segment produced operating income of $347 million and the 12.7% return on sales was a Q2 record. Volume was up 1.7% while sales dollars were down 3.3%. Over the past five years, we've differentiated our Chicken business by being more consumer-driven. We've upgraded our mix to more value-added and branded products. We've diversified our pricing mechanisms. We've optimized our cost structure by investing in our operations with good ROI projects. We've implemented our buy versus growth strategy and we're providing industry-leading quality and customer service. Because of the actions we've taken and because they've proven to produce higher, more stable margins, we're raising the normalized range to 9% to 11%. Although we're taking the range up to 11% on the top end, I'll hurry on to say that we expect the Chicken segment to come in above 12% for 2016. And while it's early to talk about fiscal 2017, we expect a similar operating environment next year. Moving on to the Beef segment, despite a challenging quarter, Beef showed significant improvement over Q2 last year. Operating income was $46 million with a 1.3% return on sales. Volume was up 2.8% due to an increase in live cattle processed as a result of higher fed cattle supplies while sales dollars were down 11.9%. We're pleased with the performance of our beef business and we expect the segment's operating margin to be in its normalized range of 1.5% to 3%. Pork had a great quarter with $140 million in operating income and an 11.8% return on sales. Demand for pork was strong and volume was up 3.1% compared to the same period last year resulting in improved capacity utilization. As pricing declined, sales dollars were down 1.2%. With the increased hog supplies in fiscal 2016, we believe the Pork segment's operating margin will be above its normalized range at around 10%. Let's move from our segments to consumer and channel trends. As we mentioned last quarter, our efforts to expand retail branded total points of distribution and close pricing gaps were implemented slower than planned, but we see the tide turning. According to IRI, total Tyson retail volume excluding raw frozen chicken and ground beef chubs is up 3% in the latest four-week period versus flat in the 52-week view, driven, of course, by the growth in the Core 9. So clearly, momentum is building and we feel great about our growth-driving initiatives throughout the upcoming summer season. In addition to volume, Core 9 share is up as well. Dollar share is up 0.7 of a share point and volume share is up 1.6 share points in the most recent four-week view. In the macro environment, consumer sentiment is strong and disposable personal income continues to rise. Economic optimism is driving growth in the fresh department, and attractive fresh meat and poultry pricing is also a factor as volumes are up nearly 3% for the latest 13 weeks. In foodservice, NPD is reporting growth in both traffic and check size. While we play across all areas of foodservice, we're especially well aligned with the national foodservice chains that are showing the most growth. Within broad-line distributors, chicken is up 6%. Among branded chicken companies, Tyson has the number-one share by far in each of the eight major categories and we're growing share in five of eight categories. To keep our products relevant with consumers, we must keep refreshing our offerings through flavor and formula updates, line extensions and disruptive innovation. In July, we'll be introducing Jimmy Dean stuffed hash browns and Ball Park frozen sandwich meats, including pulled pork, meatballs and steakhouse burgers. Retailer acceptance has been very good and sell-in is going well. In September, we're launching an extension of the Hillshire Snacking platform and we'll roll out our new Tyson Naturals line of frozen chicken products featuring all-natural ingredients and no antibiotics ever. As we innovate, we'll align with customers to grow where the growth is. Non-store retail, or e-commerce, is projecting to grow three times faster than the rest of the market, so we've begun innovating with the e-commerce shopper and retailer in mind. We'll continue to partner with the leading U.S. retailers, testing click-and-collect models. Additionally, as we announced at CAGNY, we're expanding our relationship with AmazonFresh to sell fresh protein as well as partner with them around innovation. We plan to launch Tyson Taste Makers, a line of chef-inspired meal kits in premium proteins for home delivery with AmazonFresh this fall. We have a lot to be excited about in 2016 and we're generating momentum to carry us through 2017. Our portfolio is aligned with consumer trends and marketplace shifts. The retail Core 9 continues outpacing total food and beverage with volume growth that's accelerating. We're growing with growing customers. Our foodservice portfolio is positioned with growing national accounts and categories in broad-line distribution. We're innovating with new products across all channels. Our innovation pipeline is extensive and driven by consumer insights. We're valuing up our product mix. We're driving growth. We're in a good macro environment. We're capturing synergies, we're buying back stock. We're on track for another record year, and we're raising 2016 adjusted earnings guidance to $4.20 to $4.30 a share, which would give us a full-year EPS CAGR of at least 21%. All that adds up to a great fiscal year, and we expect 2017 to be even better. Through a game-changing acquisition and continuous improvement, Tyson Foods is a different company. Now, let's go to Dennis.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was another record quarter as we delivered robust results across each of our segments. With record second quarter EPS and operating income, we continue to deliver the growth, synergies, innovation and operating income that is transforming Tyson from a protein company to a demand-driven protein-centric food company. We were able to repurchase 6.9 million shares for $400 million in Q2. So far during the third quarter of this year, we repurchased approximately 3 million shares for $200 million. In total, over the past 10 months, we have now repurchased over 22 million shares for approximately $1.1 billion, underscoring our commitment to continue returning cash to shareholders. Q2 revenues were $9.2 billion, representing a decrease of 8% due to continued declines in beef, pork, and chicken prices. However, volumes grew 2.1% when excluding the divestiture of our Mexico operation in the prior year. Total company return on sales was 7.7%, a record for the second quarter. Operating income was $704 million, representing a 27% increase over adjusted operating income from Q2 a year ago and is also a record for the second quarter. Our record second quarter adjusted EPS of $1.07 represents a 43% increase over $0.75 adjusted earnings per share in Q2 last year. I would also like to note that on an adjusted basis, our last 12 months' EPS is $3.85. Our operating cash flow through two quarters was $1.1 billion, and we spent $355 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $50 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 32.7% on a GAAP basis and 34.5% on an adjusted basis. Net debt to EBITDA for the past 12 months was 1.8 times. Including cash of $254 million, net debt was $6.1 billion. Total liquidity was $1.2 billion, which is in line with our minimum liquidity target. During the second quarter, we retired the 6.6%, $638 million 2016 notes that were due, and since the acquisition of Hillshire in August 2014 we reduced our gross debt by about $2.1 billion. Our rapid leverage reduction in under two years reflects our commitment to maintaining investment-grade credit ratings. Net interest expense was $63 million during Q2. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were 393 million. Now, here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2016. We expect revenues of approximately $37 billion, which includes the impact of our fiscal 2015 divestitures and declines in beef, pork, and chicken prices. Through six months, we captured $265 million of synergies and are ahead of pace to exceed $500 million by the end of the fiscal year. Additionally, total synergies since the Hillshire acquisition are $450 million. Net interest expense should approximate $245 million. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 35%. CapEx is expected to approximate $850 million as we continue to focus on projects that create long-term shareholder value. Prior to adjusting for any additional share repurchases subsequent to this call and based on our average share price in Q2, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 390 million. As we have demonstrated, our capital allocation priorities are governed by our disciplined focus on driving long-term shareholder value. Our priorities for deploying our significant operating cash flow are for investing in consumer-preferred portfolio driven by innovation and brand building along with growing our businesses organically through our operational efficiency and capital expansion projects, acquiring businesses that support our strategic objectives and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends all while maintaining plenty of liquidity, investment-grade credit ratings, and continuing to expand our debt capacity. As we've discussed on our earnings calls over the past few years, we've been transforming our Chicken business. We have grown our branded products which are anchored in consumer insights and innovation. We've reduced our commodity sales as we created a model that is 90% full and only 10% pushed to the market. And we have implemented our buy versus growth strategy where we can purchase up to 10% of our chicken meat on the open market to margin up. These initiatives have helped transform our Chicken business to create a higher, more stable margin structure for what we believe is a new level of profitability for the segment. As a result, we are increasing the Chicken segment's normalized range to 9% to 11% as this will more accurately reflect the impact of the sustainable fundamental business improvements in our Chicken segment as we accelerate growth. In closing, we delivered record results in our second quarter, which is typically softer and seasonally more challenging. As mentioned in this morning's release, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance range to $4.20 to $4.30 per share for fiscal 2016, up from our previous range of $3.85 to $3.95. This new range is up more than 30% over 2015 adjusted EPS. This new range also represents a compounded annual growth rate of at least 21% adjusted EPS for the four-year period of 2012 to 2016. We are excited about momentum we have going into fiscal 2017 as we continue to transform our business with leading brands in advantaged categories that put us in a unique position to drive long-term shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks. Charmaine, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our first question comes from the line of Mr. David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open. You may begin.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Donnie, thanks for the detailed update and the guidance for 2016. I know it's early but I know investors' minds will be racing ahead to 2017 and thinking about how you're going to lap this strong year. Do you anticipate 10% plus EPS growth next year? Is that in the cards? And if so, what is coming into focus that's going to help you get there and what are some of the major unknowns or potential offsets that you're thinking about? Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, David. So first of all, yeah, it's great to finish what looks like will be another record year for us in 2016, something of a, what, 30% increase over last year and well beyond our stated goal of at least 10% EPS growth over time. So as we look forward, we feel great about the momentum that we're generating, so let's talk a little bit about what we know. So we know we're driving growth. If we see in the most recent four-week data in IRI, we're gaining momentum as we move into and closer to Memorial Day and on through the summer season. That feels really good. Our mix has improved. There was some private label volume that we did not renew but we feel great about our opportunities to grow going forward, so we like our mix. We're investing a lot in long-term growth, great advertising, a lot of investment in innovation. We announced a new processing plant for our Chicken business. We needed some further processing capacity in the par fryer arena. We're getting that around us now. We've got good capacity in fully cooked so we feel great about that. As we look into our Prepared Foods group, we've got really strong merchandising lined up for the summer season. I think that will help carry a lot of momentum into the fall and into next year. Great innovation pipeline, so we'll have some good innovation to continue to add next year. Our Chicken business has really improved. I feel real good about volume growth in the back half of our year in chicken. Pork looks like it's going to have another good year in 2017. We've got what looks like to be good supply of hogs coming our way. Beef, same story. We've got a good supply of cattle coming our way, it looks like in 2017. So if you add all that up with great cash flow and our ability to continue to invest in the business, it feels really solid for 2017. Now for the stuff we don't know, the commodity-related stuff, grain, et cetera, we don't know that yet, but no reason to believe that we won't have. You've got a plan going ahead for a normal crop year. So no reason not to believe that wouldn't happen now.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I'll pass it along. Thank you very much.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Palmer. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe first, I wanted to talk, Donnie and Dennis and team, on the new chicken margin range, the 9% to 11%, maybe help think about it or give some clarity on what you think the bigger drivers of the 200-basis-point upgrade would've been and if you look at 2016 performance, you would see that you're still operating at least 100 basis points above the high-end, maybe think about the areas that would cause you to drift down into the lower – back into the range moving forward. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, Adam, what we do is we run a series of statistical models that take into account the change in our business model. They would include mix, various pricing mechanisms, the supply and demand environment around grain and that kind of thing and they look at all of those fundamentals over the very long-term. And so in looking at the model, it showed clearly that it was time for us to raise our normalized range. As far as the over-performance goes, we've got very strong volume this year, we feel good about that. Obviously, our grain position is favorable this year with the low end of what we expect the five-year range of grain to be, and that helps over-deliver a bit. And if you look going forward at what might cause any dip, it's that level of fundamentals, primarily driven around the grain. But I tell you, we've done a very good job of utilizing the price discovery mechanisms afforded to us to be able to take a lot of the grain volatility out of our business. We've priced much more of our products off in some kind of a grain-based mechanism, so we feel good about the diversity of our pricing mechanisms, the price discovery mechanisms that we can employ on the grain side to stabilize those margins. So that's our view on the guidance.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's very helpful. And then if I can just have a follow-up, as I look at the second quarter, typically it was through the prepared remarks, usually the second quarter is the seasonal low point for the year, but if I would bet any even just the second level performance to the back half, you'd be above the high-end of the guidance range. So maybe help us think about why the normal seasonality through your business wouldn't apply in 2016 or if there was something unusual in the first half of 2016 that was extra beneficial.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we're obviously off to a really good start, right? Our Prepared Foods has done – our Prepared Foods business has performed very well. The volume was a little bit light for us, particularly in Q2, getting our price gaps reflected on the shelf took a little longer than we had expected, and that cost us a little bit of volume, but that's about the only thing that you can say. There might have been a little softness in pizza toppings but that's about the only thing you could say negative about our Prepared Foods business. It is doing very well and it is really building momentum. The Chicken segment, great quarter, right? A lot of things came our way, grain was good, volume was up a little bit. We've improved our mix, so that feels really good. Beef, so much better than last year. Good cattle supply around us, looks like that will continue on through the rest of the summer. So, I feel good about where we are certainly. I think we're in a good spot for now in our guidance.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks very much.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Samuelson. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, Donnie, just in response to Dave Palmer's question with a follow-up, you said that the company's goal is for 10% plus EPS growth quote over time. That's the same terminology you used at CAGNY, but it is a little different than what Tyson previously said, which was for 10% plus every single year. I think – so I just wanted to clarify, personally for me, it's more reasonable to expect 10% plus on average at every single year, but I just wanted to, again, clarify. Is the goal double-digit growth, 2016, 2017, 2018 every single year or is it more that sort of CAGR over a longer period you expect to get that?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we've tried to be pretty consistent about saying 10% EPS growth over time, but our goal is to always grow our earnings, grow our volume. We've got a great growth story and we want to take every advantage of that we can. We've got a great consumer-relevant portfolio. We've got super innovation pipeline lined up. And so, yeah, we should be able to expect good EPS growth. It's too early to call what we think 2017 will be here, but for all the things I mentioned in, you know, for David's question, feel great about our opportunity for 2017 to be even better.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And for my follow-up, Pilgrim's announced it's going to convert an entire facility into organic chicken. Just curious for your take on this. Is this something Tyson would consider given the consumer shifts out there, or is organic less of a priority for the company right now?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we go where the consumer leads us. I mentioned a little earlier we're building that a new par-fry plant. We've got great demand for that processing type, and so we're building that plant for long-term growth. We've got some great organic products today in our portfolio. So far, we're able to source that meat outside of our production, but we'll continue to focus on the consumer and whether it's no antibiotics ever or natural offerings, organic, whatever it may be, we're going to be a consumer-led company and we'll respond accordingly.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, Donnie.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: My first question is on Prepared Foods. In your release, you highlight that you have a three-year pipeline. Would that involve incremental more spending than what you're doing today, or is there a way you can pare it back? And how should we think about those Prepared Foods margins going forward over the next few years?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think we feel good about our ability to grow our Prepared Foods business while maintaining 10% to 12% margins. And that's really what we want to do. Could we push the margin structure a little harder? Yeah, we could, but we have the opportunity to grow. Our customers want us to grow, and so we feel like that 10% to 12% range gives us the growth opportunity that that business can afford the consumer. So, I feel really good about the map (27:58) spending that we have focused on our business. We spend that disproportionately in categories, so not all of the brands get the exact same amount of spending, so we spend disproportionately where we can get growth. Jeff and Eric and Tim and the teams have a great plan setup to be able to drive growth in the back-half and carry that momentum on into 2017. We're doing a super job on our pricing now. We've got great merchandising lined up for the summer season. So we've got, like I said, a three-year pipeline and there's a lot of versatility in that pipeline about our ability to – if one particular innovation may take longer to get to market than we expected, then there's others in the pipeline that can fill that slot so we can continue to give the customer the kind of innovations that they need to keep the categories fresh. So we feel like we're set up really well.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And as a follow-up on Pork, you highlighted that you have good hog supplies coming to you. But we also have incremental processing capacity that's coming online over the next three years to four years. Do you anticipate that increased capacity will impact your Pork margins? Or will the availability of hogs continue to match the capacity, that you should continue to have some pretty strong Pork margins?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, the pork industry has been shifting and developing for years. We've got strong relationships with our suppliers and, by the way, on the customer side. Our math shows that the supply growth and the demand growth are in relative balance over the next few years. We're still in the right locations. We've still got a great supply base close to us. We've got great customer demand for the product. And in our Prepared Foods business, as we continue to grow that, we'll have even more opportunities to create value. So we feel really good about how our Pork business is lined up for the next few years.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Aslam. Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning and congratulations.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: So I wanted ask about Prepared Foods. Can you help us quantify or just give us some sense of how much of the savings or tailwind that you have from lower commodity costs over the last couple years, which is in excess of $500 million, and the synergies which are a cumulative $500 million through the end of this year, how much of that is being passed on to consumers in the form of lower pricing, whether it's in your food service business and/or Prepared Foods? And also, how much of it roughly is being reinvested in map? (31:08) Just can you give me some sense of that? And then I have a follow-up.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So let's think about Prepared Foods. About half of our Prepared Foods business is food service. And a pretty sizable majority of our foodservice business has a pass-through pricing relationship, so a lot of that, the commodity pricing, does get passed along. If you look on the – well, another thing to note, too, about 80% or so of the synergy capture is in Prepared Foods. The rest is spread out across the rest of our segments. And, Akshay, we spend about 5% or so on map (32:01). And we're investing really heavily in growth. We've got a lot of innovation. We've talked about getting our price gaps right. We've gotten our price gaps right, and we're seeing the volume response that we suspected we would see. So that's a great investment for us. And we'll continue to do that to grow our Prepared Foods business. That business is built for growth. We've got great brands in great categories. And we've got a very good growth story, and we're going to continue to invest to grow.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. And then just to follow up on that train of thought. So Prepared Foods -- you mentioned the four-week data in Nielsen. Can you give us a sense of what it was in the quarter? And then more importantly, with all these investments long-term, what should be the algorithm for that particular piece of your business? So the Core 9 should grow at what rate longer term once all these investments start to pay off?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So again, I'm going to use the – I will go to the last 12-week data. And if -- we had the exact same spread between the 12-week data and the 52-week data as we did the four-week. And I'm looking at if we look just at the – well, what I'm going to do: let me use all of our branded portfolio, minus the raw frozen IQF and then I'm going to take out ground beef chubs. Both of those are UPC'ed. But the consumer is wanting those in a tray instead of the UPC items. And so that volume is moving out of the IRI data. Well, it's showing negative in the IRI data, but we're not losing the sale. We're just selling it in the fresh category. So when I look at our branded business, minus IQF and ground beef chubs for the 12-week period, we're showing 3% volume growth versus being flat in the 52-week view. So we see the exact same thing. And looking back at Q2, it took us a little longer than we wanted to get the pricing gaps realized on the shelf. And now that we're there, I expect to see good momentum all through the summer selling season, especially in light of the merchandising we've got set up and the advertising that we've got employed. So feel really good about that growth prospect. Longer-term, our brands, we use the phrase, we have advantaged brands in advantaged categories, and we do. The categories we're in outpace food and beverage growth. And I think over time, you should expect us to grow at about 1.5 times the category growth. And so when you run that algorithm, you're in categories that are outgrowing total food and beverage and you're out at the – the brand leader in a lot of those categories, you're outrunning that growth by 1.5 times. That sets up very well to add a lot of shareholder value over time.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Jagdale. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Tim Ramey of Pivotal Research. Your line is open, sir.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Good morning. Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Tim.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: And let me add my congratulations, Donnie.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Hey, it wasn't that long ago we reduced the range in Beef. And at least to me, perhaps the most important and encouraging number of the morning was the Beef performance in its seasonally weakest quarter, with volume growth. And that range is a big range, to say 1.5% to 3% for the full year. Do you have any kind of preview as to what the sell-in for grilling season looks like or any kind of update on what we should be thinking about this summer, because it looks like this could be a source of significant growth?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So with the drop in the cut-out and a little bit more stabilization, if you can call it that, in cattle futures, it feels like that the retailers have been much more willing to feature beef coming up for Memorial Day forward. 50s have been pretty cheap, so ground beef is a good value. If you look at the latest 13 weeks, ground beef is up about 6% or so on a 15% decrease in price. And you continue – actually, it accelerates just a tad to about 6.5% in the four-week view on about the same kind of a price decline. So this cheaper cut-out is going to mean better Beef volume, I think. Plus, we've got supply around us. There's still a bit of heifer retention. You're seeing heifers about 44% or so of the slaughter, so we're still growing the herd a bit. It looks like to us that for the year, now it will be obviously bigger in the back-half, for the year, we ought to see about 2% increase in the fed cattle supply this year, and we think that's the number for the next two years. Again, because we know we're very well positioned where the big feed lots are, where the big high-capacity feed lots are. So, yeah, it feels good to have the worst over – the worst behind us in Beef and good supply coming to us, and that will help certainly our margins.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: And just a quick one on the capital structure. You've done a great job of bringing back debt capacity. You've done a great job with the Hillshire acquisition. From your perspective, what does the landscape look like in terms of other packaged food or just the overall deal outlook? Is there something out there or is it getting more difficult?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think deal flow is as robust as it's been over the last four years or five years, but we have a very consistent view that we look first of all for strategic fit. And then we look at, in the absence of that, and I think that one of the great things about our business, Tim, is that we've got a very good organic growth story. And so as we look at the landscape, no need for us to push into a deal that doesn't fit us strategically or that kind of thing. So although the landscape is a little thinner than it has been, we continue to look. We want to grow and we want to grow organically and we want to grow inorganically and Dennis has got us a great balance sheet and a lot of capacity to be able to do that. In the meantime, I think buying back our stock is a great way to return cash to shareholders, and we'll stay on that and stay pretty consistent with our uses of capital like we have been for the last three years, four years.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Thanks so much.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet. Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thanks you, Mr. Ramey. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Jeremy Scott from CLSA.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Just wanted to ask, switching gears a bit, the status of the market in China. The USDA has been sounding the alarm on commercial broiler supplies, given the inability to source grandparent breeders from the U.S. I think the current forecast calls for down double digits in 2016 and 2017. So from your vantage point, number one, is that an accurate assessment of the state of the market? And what can that mean for your operations and down the road, when and if export bans are lifted, could we see white meat imports into China? Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hard say on that last part. I wouldn't dare to – I wouldn't venture to take a guess there. We are seeing higher pork prices in China, which typically lead to higher chicken prices, but chicken demand has remained a bit soft, and we've not seen the price of chicken respond like we have, like it normally does in proportion to pork. I will tell you this, though, that our sell-in, our international team are focused on driving value in fresh, branded chicken and I think they're making good headway, they're seeing good momentum. Any of the market factors like a lower chicken supply that would ultimately lead to higher wholesale markets would only benefit our business. But in the meantime, we're certainly not standing on our – or back on our laurels. We're working hard to grow our business and to grow a great branded fresh offering.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. But from your vantage point, does that magnitude drop in production sound reasonable?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Oh, I'm sorry, yes. Yes, yeah.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Scott. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Brett Hundley [BB&T Capital Markets].
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Congratulations on a great quarter. Dennis and Donnie, I have an initial question for you on the balance sheet. Your net debt ticked back up this quarter, went up about $570 million plus from fiscal Q1. And I know you generate a lot of strong cash flow in the back half for the year. And so, Dennis, I'm just curious to get a sense of maybe how net debt can trend into the end of the year and if there's a target where you'd like to exit the year from a leverage standpoint. And somewhat related to that, are you okay putting debt on the balance sheet to buy back stock or would you rather just use cash flow?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Great questions. I'll peel this apart, first off, that we did expect the net debt to go up seasonally as you may recall, we have cattle and hogs deferrals that flip from the end of December into March that we have to pay off, typically, $300 million to $400 million a year. So that's not unusual. We did say we did have a lot of extra cash going into this quarter on purpose because we intended to pay off the 2016 notes, which were $638 million. So, that answers that part of the question. As far as net debt for the rest of the year, I would say that it will be generally in the area of where we are now, maybe up or down $50 million or $100 million. And to answer the question about borrowing to buy back stock, we would rather not. We think it's a better use of our resources to invest in growth first and foremost and then use the rest to buy back stock and continue to build our debt capacity.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: That's great. I really appreciate that. And then just as a follow-on, when we think about using the balance sheet that you have for M&A, I wanted to follow on to Tim's question. It appears to us that there's not a ton of attractive assets for sale here in the U.S. domestically, and if they are, they're quite expensive. And so I'm wondering if we might see any kind of, I don't want to call it pivot, but a pivot from you guys where you might focus more on international M&A opportunities. The landscape seems interesting there. And I just wanted to get some color from you guys or an update on what you might look at, would it be more on the fresh side or would you want to continue to focus on the consumer and value-add, where are you looking? Just any parameters you can give us would be really helpful. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Brett, certainly, international would also or is also a M&A focus. Our strategy is to grow value-added poultry and Prepared Foods, and international. And so – and think value-added poultry and Prepared Foods when you think international. So those are the type of businesses that we would be looking at and focusing on because that's, as Sally often reminds us, about 96% of the population is outside of the U.S. and food consumption is going to grow around the world. So we want to be positioned to be able to grow for the long-term and that means international as well. So you're absolutely thinking right to think that international acquisitions would be targets as well.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: And maybe just real quick, is it fair to say that international presents more opportunities than domestic right now?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's hard to say, Brett. That's a no call there.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hundley. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Hey, I wanted to ask about the synergies. You have visibility into an increase in fiscal 2017 to get to more than $700 million. Can you talk about what's going to be incrementally better to drive those synergies higher for Prepared Foods? And then also, I think you said you decided to walk away from some private label business. Does that impact your capacity utilization at all in any negative or maybe it just improves the mix, but how does that influence the synergies, if at all?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks. Good question. So, yeah, on the synergies, the biggest factor so far has been operational improvements, frankly in the legacy Tyson Prepared Foods business. As we move forward, our procurement synergies become a larger component, so think packaging materials, cooking ingredients, maintenance and repair items and all those kinds of things. And so we feel really good about where we are going forward on the synergy landscape, and it will move – the synergy capture will move more from the operational piece in – the operational component into the procurement component, and then the last piece will be in the network optimization and the logistics component, and that will come later in 2017, and some of that will actually bleed over into 2018, I think. Remind me of the second half of your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just you said you walked away from some private label business. I wanted to know if that impacts the utilization at your plants. Because I remember that was a big part of your synergies in the first year.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, yes, it did, but when we look at that, you kind of look at your contribution margin and that was some business that we – it's hard – sorry: I guess it's a little bit hard to say it this way, but that's some business we needed to do without. Now, we are rapidly working to replace that volume and I think as we move on through the rest of this year and going into 2017, we will replace that business with other business. And so, yeah, it had a short-term effect on capacity utilization, but that was all built into our 2016 plans. And we'll have every opportunity to get some business back around us to fill in that void. and that's where our sales team is working really hard to get that done.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Good. So just to repeat, Donnie, it was part of your 2016 plan or was it kind of a surprise to 2016?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no, no, no, no. It was built in. As we came into 2016, we did not renew the business last year for this year. So we knew that that capacity would be vacant this year, and we've been working on filling that up. So, yeah, it was part of the 2016 plan.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Moskow. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yes, good morning. Congratulations on a good quarter. I just wanted to see, the latest data from USDA regarding the breeder flock showed a fairly sizable increase in the number of pullet chicks hatched last month. And I'm just wondering, is this potentially the start of a trend? I know you don't want to extrapolate too much from one month, but just your view in terms of how expansion may play out heading into fiscal 2017 would be helpful.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so you're right. You don't read too much into one month. It's better to look at kind of a three-month average. But what we're hearing is that you're seeing an increase in AI in Mexico, and so my guess is, is that a lot of those pullets are down to supply eggs for that market. That'd be my guess. I don't see any indication that there's an increase coming in the U.S. Egg sets now are about 98% of a year ago, so you can kind of see what the next quarter looks like. So my guess is a lot of that's going to Mexico.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Terrific. And I guess as a follow-up question, as you think about the business over the next couple years, are you seeing any change in terms of how your customers are viewing purchasing in terms of more people looking for grain-based type contracts or less spot buying, given that there's not too much expansion forecast, or is it still kind of the same type of contracting you've seen historically in food service and retail? Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we really don't see any changes. We've evolved our pricing mechanisms over the last three years or four years, and I'm assuming that we'll continue to evolve them over time to make sure that we can ensure supply and work with our customers on pricing mechanisms that work for both of us. I think a big key for our business – and I know our teams are focused on this is to make sure that we've got the very best quality out there and we have outstanding service. And our team is doing a super job at that right now. So we'll continue to work on those things as we move forward.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: All right. Thank you very much.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Piken. Our last question comes from the line of Mr. Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just two questions. One is there a natural limit to your Chicken margin? You're going from 5% to 7%, 7% to 9%, 9% to 11% and you see a company, Hormel, do the similar thing with Turkey business. Can you talk about how the progression can go beyond this higher margin structure?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Ken, our business is built for growth, right? And frankly, I would much rather have a 9%, 10%, 11% Chicken business that's growing and outgrowing the categories that we're in than to push the margin structure and end up having to sacrifice growth to do that. So that's how we look at it. We're actively working on getting – we've got a lot of fully cooked capacity available right now. We're actively working on putting a lot of par fry capacity around us. I think the team has done a super job changing the mix that we are seeing some shift from frozen into fresh at retail and our folks are all over that. That's actually good for our business. So I think as we've looked out and run our models for the next five years, what we tried to do is get some large portion on standard deviation of the mean and that kind of thing built into the model to be able to reflect a business that can grow and maintain stable higher margins.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then if I think about 2017, when I look at it just on a big picture level, if your Chicken margins are going to stay roughly where they are, your Beef is probably coming off the bottom of the cycle and you're going to grow Prepared Foods business, so it does seem like there is opportunity for you to actually have reasonable growth in 2017. Is that not a fair way of just taking a stab at it?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You've got it. And I think, too, with adequate supply of pork, and we portend an adequate supply of pork, that means you should have favorable raw materials again next year in our Prepared Foods business, which should allow us to be able to grow that business and have a favorable margin structure. So we feel great about the way 2017 is shaping up. It's early, but we feel good about it.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We do not have any more questions on queue. I would like to hand the call back to our speakers.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, let's end by reemphasizing, I think, an important point. As we continue growing our volume and our earnings, everything else will fall in line. Growth is and will be our primary focus. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today and I hope you have a great week.
Operator: Thank you. That ends today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Foods Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. At this time, all participants will be on a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded and if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will turn now the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Jon Kathol. Sir, you may now begin.
Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods conference call for the first quarter of the 2016 fiscal year. On today's call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the news release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. Because of our Annual Meeting of Shareholders takes place this morning, we'll need to end the call at the top of the hour to get to the meeting on time. I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up during the Q&A portion of our call, so we can get to as many of your questions as possible. If you have additional questions, please get back in the queue and we'll get to as many of you as we can before we have to go. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Fiscal 2016 is off to a great start with record EPS of $1.15, up 49% over Q1 of 2015's adjusted results. All of our segments performed very well with Prepared Foods and Chicken producing record operating income for the quarter, Pork had its second best quarter ever, while Beef showed significant improvement over Q4 of 2015 and Q1 of 2015. In total, we produced record operating income of $776 million, up 38% over Q1 of last year. We had a record operating margin of 8.5% and record operating cash flows of $1.1 billion. Revenues were down due to the deflationary environment of the raw materials, and the divestiture of a few non-core businesses. Excluding the divestitures, sales volume was down just over 1% in Q1 as we sold more higher-margin value-added products, upgraded our mix to more profitable sales and processed fewer cattle. We're very pleased with the total synergies, capturing $121 million in Q1, $61 million was incremental to Q1 last year, and we're on track to achieve more than $500 million this fiscal year. These synergies are a major source of funds for Prepared Foods growth. In the Prepared Foods segment, operating income was $207 million with a 10.9% return on sales, which was a record. Returns benefited primarily from declining raw materials and synergy capture. Volume for the quarter was down 7.7% with pricing lower by 3.6%. The lower volume was a result of optimizing the sales mix by reducing private label products at retail and to a lesser extent, the impact of avian influenza on our turkey lunchmeat business and a slower than planned price reduction reflected on retail shelves. For the balance of fiscal 2016, we anticipate continued savings on raw materials as well as synergy capture and we'll invest a good portion of these savings into pricing, innovation and brand building. Our margin outlook for Prepared Foods is near the low end of the 10% to 12% range. The Chicken segment produced record operating income of $358 million with a record 13.6% return on sales. Volume for the quarter was down 0.5% with 4.7% lower pricing. The slight sales volume decline in Chicken again is a reflection of upgrading our mix. Results in the Chicken segment can be chalked up to solid execution. We're outperforming the industry and widening the gap. I believe we've demonstrated separation from the commodity players in large part due to the disproportionately high mix of value-added products in our portfolio as well as the production flexibility created with our buy versus grow strategy, which also reduces commodity exposure. Remember on the last call, I broke out the categories of how we sell chicken and only 15% is pure commodity. As we continue to grow our value-added sales, produce less than we sell, execute extremely well and gain some benefit from lower grain costs, we now expect the Chicken segment margin to improve to more than 11% for the year, up from our previous estimate of more than 10%. In the Beef segment, operating income was $71 million with a 2% return on sales. Volume for the quarter was down 3.8%, while price was down 14.4%. Volume was down due to the Denison plant closure. Retail pricing has declined significantly, but Beef is still expensive for consumers with the beef-to-pork and the beef-to-chicken price ratios at record levels. I'm pleased with the turnaround from the losses we sustained in Q4. Some of the improvement can be attributed to the mark-to-market and LCM from Q4. We've got about half of it back in Q1, and the remainder will come over the next year or so. Better cattle supplies in Q1 coupled with the realignment of our Denison and Dakota City plants moderately improved our capacity utilization. We feel good about our Beef business and the team is executing very well. Cattle supplies appear to be growing and the recent semi-annual cattle on feed report indicated that total inventory is up 3.2% over the previous year. However, there is still regional disparity in the location of the cattle. Q2 can be a little uneven due to the weather and consumption around lent. So, we're going to remain conservative with our guidance of an operating margin at or above the low end of 1.5% to 3% normalized range. I'll add that I'm pleased about the repeal of mCOOL. Our contention was that it added incremental cost with no real consumer benefit and now that it's been repealed, we're able to reduce the complexity of our business by eliminating around 800 SKUs. In the Pork segment, operating income was $158 million with a 13% return on sales. Volume was down 2.2% with pricing down 19.5%. Volume was down due to the divestiture of our Heinold Hog Markets business in Q1 of last year. Excluding this, Pork volume was up 5.5%. There were plenty of hogs on the market in Q1, which lowered our hog cost as well as our average selling price. With more hogs, we improved capacity utilization, which helped widen the margin spread and Prepared Foods segment benefits from lower pork raw material prices as well. We expect hog industry supplies to be up around 2% to 3% for the fiscal year, so we should be able to continue with good capacity utilization. We haven't seen any significant improvement in export markets. However, domestic pork demand is good. With near-record results in Q1, we are increasing our Pork segment outlook for the fiscal year, which should produce returns above 8%. Now let's move from the segments to our view of consumer demand. Lower gas prices and unemployment at the lowest level since 2008 are translating into some growth into the perimeter of the grocery store and more consumer spending on eating away from home. With the diversity of our portfolio, we're prepared to respond to these shifting consumer behaviors. In the last three months, foodservice traffic was up 1% while check size was up 2%. While we play across all areas of foodservice, we're especially well aligned with the categories in the national food service chains that are showing the most growth. On the retail side, overall grocery trips are down, but shoppers are spending more on our Core 9 product lines compared to total food and beverage and overall packaged meats. This is important because our Core 9 product lines are the primary drivers of sales and profitability within our package retail offering and includes brands like Jimmy Dean, Tyson, Hillshire Farm, Ball Park and Aidells. I'd like to talk a little more about volumes, specifically at retail, and what you might be seeing reported by Nielsen and IRI. Although the top-10 branded food companies, including us, lost volume in calendar year 2015, our Core 9 product lines grew 1.2%. We are now seeing the price investments we've made begin to take hold as sales volume was up 2% in the latest 12-week period, but accelerated to a 4% increase in the latest four-week comparison. I also want to point out that the Core 9 product lines in aggregate grew in Q1 ahead of the categories. In total, our share of these categories was up and where our leading brands grew the most, the categories performed the best. Additionally, our volume growth improved through the quarter and on into January. I feel really good about our retail brand and expect to see the recent trends continue for the remainder of the year as we see the full impact from pricing, recovery from AI and strong brand support. So all that's to say, a volume decline at the total Tyson level isn't indicative of the health of our business. And I think the overall returns we delivered this quarter and the optimism around our outlook, give us confidence for another record-setting year, which is why we're raising our fiscal 2016 EPS guidance by $0.35 on the low end to $3.85 to $3.95. We have a consumer-relevant portfolio packed with advantaged brands in advantaged categories. We have a superior supply chain. We have a high-performing team focused on execution. I like the position Tyson Foods is in, I like where we're headed and I like the momentum that's building towards fiscal 2017. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2016 is off to a phenomenal start. We've been repeating over the past several years the value in our diversified portfolio, which has been evident in strong steady returns. With our first quarter results, you can see our earnings potential when all segments perform well and finish within or above their normalized ranges. With record EPS, record operating income and record operating cash flows, we were able to repurchase 6.4 million shares for $300 million in Q1. So far, through the second quarter of this year, we've repurchased 3.9 million shares for $200 million. In total, over the past seven months, we have now repurchased 16.2 million shares for $750 million. I'm also pleased to announce that yesterday our board of directors increased the shares authorized for repurchase under this program by 50 million shares, underscoring our commitment to continue returning cash to shareholders. First quarter revenues were $9.2 billion, which is a decrease of 15% from Q1 a year ago due to significant declines in beef, pork, and feed prices. Sales volumes declined 7% as reported. However, when excluding the divestitures of the Brazil and Mexico Chicken operations and the Heinold Hog Markets business, our total company sales volume decreased 1%. Despite this small decline in volume, we are continuing to execute our strategy of growing in value-added categories, which is evident in our first quarter results. Total company return on sales was a record 8.5%. Operating income was a record $776 million, representing a 38% increase over adjusted operating income from Q1 a year ago. Our record earnings of $1.15 per share represents a 49% increase over $0.77 adjusted earnings per share in Q1 last year. I would also like to note that on an adjusted basis, our last 12 months EPS is $3.53. Our operating cash flow for the first quarter was a record $1.1 billion and we spent $188 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $37 million as we continued to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 35.2%, net debt-to-EBITDA for the past 12 months was 1.7 times, and on a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 2.1 times. Including cash of $1.2 billion, net debt was $5.5 billion. Total liquidity was over $2.4 billion, significantly above our goal of $1.2 billion. Total liquidity at the end of the first quarter was enhanced by cash held for payments to livestock producers deferred to calendar 2016, as well as cash held for the retirement of $638 million in notes coming due in the second quarter. When these notes are retired, we will have paid down $2.4 billion of gross debt since the acquisition of Hillshire in August 2014. Our rapid leverage reduction in only 19 months reflects our commitment to maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. Net interest expense was $65 million during Q1. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were 400 million. Now, here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2016. We now expect revenues of approximately $37 billion, which includes the impact of fiscal 2015 divestitures and expected declines in beef, pork and feed prices. We expect to capture more than $500 million of synergies in fiscal 2016, which includes more than $200 million of incremental synergies over fiscal 2015 from our Prepared Foods' profit improvement initiatives and Hillshire Brands synergies. Net interest expense should approximate $245 million. We currently estimate our effective tax rate to be around 35%. CapEx is expected to be $900 million as we continue to focus on projects that will create long-term shareholder value. Prior to adjusting for any additional share repurchases subsequent to this call and based on our average share price in Q1, we expect our diluted shares to be around 394 million. As we've demonstrated, our capital allocation priorities are governed by our disciplined focus on driving long-term shareholder value. Our priorities for deploying the significant cash flows that our operations generate are for: growing our businesses organically through operational efficiency and capital expansion projects, along with investing in innovation and brand building; acquiring businesses that support our strategic objectives; and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while maintaining plenty of liquidity, investment-grade ratings and continuing to expand our debt capacity. In closing, our Q2 should beat last year but will be less than Q1 due to our typical seasonality. And third quarter and fourth quarters are expected to be strong. As mentioned in this morning's release, we are raising our EPS guidance range to $3.85 to $3.95 for fiscal 2016, up from $3.50 to $3.65. This represents a four-year EPS compounded annual growth rate of more than 18% annually. With each of our segments demonstrating tremendous overall performance, we view Q1 not as an exception, but as a new foundation, which provides momentum for our continued growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin Q&A. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Mr. Brett Hundley from BB&T Capital Markets. Sir, your line is now open.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Morning. Congratulations on what you've put together here.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Donnie, one question for you. A number of packaged food companies, both large and small we've seen, have talked this earnings season about the macro becoming more challenging. Snacking has been one area highlighted in particular, and then conversely it looks like U.S. frozen categories seem to be improving some. Companies are also talking without the need to up brand support spend, in an effort to contain volume deterioration. Your Prepared Foods volumes were down in the quarter, but you talked to the reasons behind that. Your profitability was solid. Can you give us your view of the packaged foods macro? You touched on it in your prepared remarks. But can you give us your view of the prepared packaged foods macro from your vantage point? And within this question, can you specifically address this Core 9 effort that you're talking about this morning? And how Core 9 insulates you, not only within the broader macro, but also within packaged meats specifically?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Brett. I'm going to try to take that like from snacking through frozen into the Core 9 to kind of give you the full feel. So, not all snacking is created equal, right? What continues to grow in the snacking category is protein snacking. If I've got my numbers right, total snacking is probably growing at around 6% or so year-over-year, and as you know that's a major focus for us in our innovation this year. Looking on into the frozen categories, breakfast and value-added poultry are two categories that are growing faster than total frozen and total food and beverage, and that's our key focus. But also if you look at 84% of the refrigerated categories in which we compete are growing, and then 87% of the fresh categories in which we compete are growing and it really reinforces our statement around having advantaged brands in advantaged categories. So now, let me loop over into the Core 9. So, if you look at the Core 9 brands, or product lines really, those are so important because that's where we have the greatest value potential over the long term. Within the Core, we have the highest growth potential, we've probably got the strongest position with both consumers and customers and great margins. So, that's why we focus on what we call the Core 9 and we spelled those out in the last call because they are categories in which are growing faster than other refrigerated meats and faster than total food and beverage over the long term. And then we have advantaged positions within those categories.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Very clear. Thank you. And then Dennis, I just had a follow-up question on liquidity, use of cash. You touched on it there at the end. You're driving really strong cash flow right now, you do traditionally anyway. Your debt is in a very manageable position. You talked about the notes in April. But getting outside of that, you've been choosing to repurchase a lot of shares here. And can you give us any insight into this strategy? Why the heavy share repurchase now and you talked about some of your priorities for cash, but how might your priorities for cash change in months and quarters ahead? Thanks for taking my questions.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Thank you, Brett. As I said in my remarks, we do have $638 million notes coming due. We'll pay that off. We have more than $300 million in cattle and hog deferrals that we've already paid off. But you're right, we're throwing off a lot of cash, and it leaves us a lot of options. As we've been saying for the last year or so, we wanted to put ourselves in kind of an enviable position in that we wanted to maintain investment-grade ratings. We wanted to keep really strong debt capacity for M&A, which we do and we have lots of capacity for M&A. And in the absence of that, if the right target doesn't come along that fits our strategy, then we're going to return cash to shareholders while still growing organically through capacity expansion projects and investing heavily in our brands and innovation. So, we really like where we're at and you can see us continue with that.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks, guys.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Farha Aslam from Stephens, Inc. Sir, your line is now open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Congratulations on a great quarter.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: I have a question on poultry. Your poultry margins were exceptional this quarter, and you spoke constructively about your outlook. Could you just give us a little bit more color about your thoughts around the second quarter? That is seasonally a bit weaker in poultry, but the macro trends around poultry are getting better. Should we think your margins for the rest of the year, you're being very conservative with your 11% guidance?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we feel great about the second quarter. We're off to a good start. If I look at our mix, we continue to improve our value-added mix. We've got a lot of capacity to continue to grow in those areas. That gives me a lot of optimism to continue with a favorable outlook. It feels like to me that the categories, retail frozen is certainly growing. The retail frozen poultry is growing faster than frozen, and certainly that category is growing faster than food and beverage, and it feels like that we've fully overcome problems we had in the past, and that we are back in business and growing. Our volume has been good in January. So, feel good about that. And as I look forward, there's a couple of things that we still want to see. While we have quite a bit of a grain book, we don't have it all, so it's hard to paint the full picture for the year, but I do believe that the changes we've made in the portfolio, the changes we've made in the pricing strategy, certainly the advantages that our supply chain gives us are creating a long-term view of much more consistent stable earnings in our poultry business and in Prepared Foods and other parts of the business.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So kind of conservative you'd say, given the strong start in the second quarter?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I like where we are, and we're off to a good start.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then a follow up perhaps for Dennis, you had – and Brett's question answers your desire to repurchase shares. Could you share with us a little bit more color on M&A? And your outlook of what you're seeing in the market right now?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Farha, I understand why you'd want to ask the question, but you know we can't comment on M&A.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's fair. Just in terms of longer-term kind of areas of interest where you would look to build Tyson's position in terms of M&A in particular, if there's areas of interest?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Farha. I mean, value added poultry and Prepared Foods international growth, those are the areas that we intend to focus on continuing to grow our branded presence here and internationally, that's the focus of our strategy going forward.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Palmer from RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is now open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations on the quarter.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, David.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Question on – good morning. The Beef segment, that was particularly impressive to us given the fact that you're perhaps entering a cycle there. How are you thinking about – perhaps go back and talk about how that margin happened with as much detail as you can? And how are you now thinking about the long-term of that differently? Is the long-term future for that business really one where you're going to be bouncing around the low end of – low single digits? Or perhaps can we think about that being a healthier margin business going forward? Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So let's talk a little bit about the quarter. So if you go back as far as Q3 when the feedlots started extending the turns, if you will, and keeping cattle in the feedlot longer, coupled with the heifer retention and the reduction in cow slaughter that we saw as the beginning parts of the supply chain and the cow-calf operator began the effort to expand the herd, cattle supply dried up and strained margins. So as we moved out of Q4 into Q1 – there was some regional disparity. But overall, the feedlots began to market those cattle and become more current, if you will, with the inventory they have in the feedlots. That provided us the supply we needed to be able to improve our margins. Plus if you'll remember back at the end of Q4, right in the last couple weeks or so of the quarter, we had a lower of cost or market adjustment and a mark to market adjustment that we made. And so we got about half of that back in Q1. Now the rest of that will keep coming back to us as we progress on through the year because you had beef sold out front and then you bought live cattle futures against it to hedge it. So put all that together, we're kind of in the – well, we were at 2%, sort of towards the low end or getting towards the middle of that range. As we look forward, Q2 is always a tough quarter for us. You've got a lot of weather issues around as we're seeing this week up in the Midwest. Lent is kind of a low demand period for beef particularly. So I want to see us get through that, but then it feels like that after Easter, should see cattle supply improving, and the back half ought to improve. So, I think longer-term our beef margins should stay within that 1.5% to 3% range. Feel good about that.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So this is really about the capacity utilization side? And I know you have some easier comparisons in Q3, but I'm just wondering longer-term if these margins can be built upon and maintained? Is there anything about these recent developments that make you think significantly different about the longer-term for beef?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, David. So I guess my headline would be, look, the worst is over in terms of the cattle supply. We expect – I don't know – 3%, 3.5% cattle supply increase in the back half of the year, and you should see – it's a little bit hard to tell at the very beginning of a herd rebuild, but you should see something on the order of 1% to 2% more fed cattle available per year I think for the next 2 years, 3 years. And so as the supply of cattle improves then we should see our margins improve as well. So that's the reason for the confidence in our outlook that Q1 is not an aberration. Now remember, Q2 is going to be Q2, but looking at it over the year, I'm comfortable that we should be in the range – the 1.5% to 3%.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line now open.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I want to pick up on something, Dennis, that was at the end of your prepared remarks. You talked about this quarter being a new foundation for future performance, rather than a peak. And I wanted to maybe follow-up on Farha's question a little bit on the Chicken business in particular, because the margins here are very strong and now running well above your normalized range of 7% to 9%. And I'm trying to think about what would be the drivers of margins going back to that normalized range if you remain confident on the value-added mix and the operating momentum that you have. and maybe think about that trajectory a little bit? Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Great question. We feel very good about our Chicken business. It's really set up well. It's largely a pull business, from 85%, 90% pull business. We've got our mix set up straight. We are in the position where we can grow even more, especially in the further processing side, take advantage of oversupply situations where we can buy meat really cheap, put a nice spread on it. So – and our Tray Pack business, with the conversion of our plant in South Georgia, is really starting to take off at an even higher level. And we're just going to continue to improve our value-added mix over time.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. That's very helpful. And then maybe going on to this Core 9 concept. And A, I was hoping, can you talk about how much of Prepared Foods and Chicken actually – sales are driven by the Core 9 at this point? And then second, maybe a little bit more color by categories and areas of inflection that you've seen off late. Sausage in particular I think, has improved in the last couple scanner periods, but a little more detail by category. Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Sure. So when we look at our Core 9, I'm just going to run through that real quick, We're really talking about Hillshire Farm Smoked Sausage, Aidells Smoked Sausage, Hillshire Farm lunchmeat, Jimmy Dean frozen breakfast, Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, and then our core branded bacon, then Ball Park hot dogs, our retail value-added poultry, and then State Fair and Ball Park corn dogs. So those are what we call the Core 9 where we have the disproportionate ability to grow faster than the categories, and they're very meaningful categories. So if I look – and what we've really been focused on is the recent trends in our volume versus the category volume. I think I mentioned in my comments, I think I said this, that we were a little bit slow in seeing the price declines reflected at retail. And now, through the last four weeks or so, we've pretty much seen the pricing get reflected on the retail shelf, and volume is responding. If I looked at say smoked sausage, in the last four weeks, our volume growth is up 4% versus – that's the last four weeks versus 2% for the 52 week and 2% for the 12 weeks. And last week it was up double-digits like 10% or so. If I look at Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, for example, we're up 2% in the latest 52 weeks, but 11% in the latest four-week comparison, and that's what we've been looking for to see momentum in volume as we see the price reflected on the shelf. So we feel really good about the core of our business. Also one on hot dogs real quick, we did see a little bit of impact I think from the IARC announcement in hot dogs, but we are seeing a response there. We feel great about the brand support for the summer grilling season and we're really, really anticipating a very, very strong grilling season this year. So feel great about that. Hope that helps.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great color. Thanks very much.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Sir, your line is now open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody. When I look at retail margins on chicken, beef, and pork, at least as implied by USDA data, they're very strong right now, kind of across the board, and we're seeing some indication, I guess, of minor slippage in those retail prices but not a whole lot. So I'm curious from your perspective, what are your expectations for meat prices on shelf going forward. Are you seeing any indication they'll really start to fall further from here which could help your volumes going ahead?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's hard, it's really hard during this time of the year to get your best feel for what retail meat prices are going to do through the year because next week we're going to enter into Lent, and it's just a difficult season to predict prices. But if you just look at the macro fundamentals, right, we've got the lowest unemployment we've had since 2008, we got really cheap gas prices, and that is returning disposable income to the consumer, and we are seeing traffic up a little bit at food service, not a lot, and we're not expecting a whole lot. But we are seeing a movement to the perimeter of the store which is where we have great strength. So I'm optimistic that the consumer will respond well to what should be fairly favorable prices. If you look at the supply of cattle coming to market, supply of hogs coming to market, supply of chickens in the market, you should have reasonable pricing structures, and certainly pricing structures that would allow us to continue to flourish, so.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then my other question is you are guiding to a pretty significantly bigger benefit from feed cost than you did three months ago, I think. But as I look at corn and meal, I'm not seeing much of a change over that time in spot or futures prices. I mean, there's some, but not a huge amount. So maybe you talked about this and I missed it, but I'm just curious what's driving this degree of change in your outlook for feed?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we had about a – I think, it was round numbers, wasn't it, Dennis, $100 million change from...
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: – from our previous quarter's guidance to this one. And it just reflect – if you look at just corn futures all Q1 long, and I think meal futures too, the market just continued to decrease. We stayed really short and were able to just basically buy it as we ship it, or price it as we ship it. And that's allowed us to have a cheaper cost structure. And when we talk about, by the way, our outlook, we're talking about what's in cost of goods. So we feel good about how our year is going to shape out. We've got quite a bit, not all but enough to feel very comfortable about our cost structure in chicken already priced throughout the year. So feel good about that.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you so much.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mr. Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Sir, your line is now open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. One of the reasons I've been skeptical on Tyson and maybe others too, and obviously very wrong, is that there's the thinking that the chicken cycle would end up turning and hurting the business. But you're seeing two things this year in your guidance, or I am, is your feed costs are better, so that's a reason to take up the number. But you're obviously benefiting from the lower chicken cost commodities as well. Can you give us a little bit of a more color on the extent to which the lower commodity chicken cost helped you in the quarter, and how that is factored into your guidance for the year? Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Rob, I'd add – you know, not knowing what chicken prices are going to do for the rest of the year, it'd be hard to quantify it for the year. But I can give you a very good feel. During Q1, we probably bought on the order of 75 loads a week of poultry raw materials, maybe more than that. But say round number is that, and we're buying that meat well below a dollar instead of selling it well below the dollar. Plus with our buy versus grow strategy, we don't have that excess leg quarters, so we are selling fewer leg quarters today, and I've been here a long time. I can't ever remember us selling fewer leg quarters than we are today. And the buy versus grow certainly plays a part of that, but with great innovative capabilities, we're finding ways to upgrade that raw material into value-added high-margin opportunities, and that's a real key. So when you combine the strength of our value-added portfolio, the strength of our brands both at fresh and frozen, when you look at the diversity of the portfolio between small bird and value-added and fresh, and then you combine that with this great marketing and innovation engine that we've got, it really does help stabilize the earnings of our Chicken business over time. It's not the same Chicken business that it was a few years ago.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yep. That's very clear. And then a follow-up on Prepared Foods and the Core 9. I guess your guidance really hasn't changed that much even though as you said the volumes are starting to improve on your Core 9. Are you expecting volume growth in the Prepared Foods segment for the rest of the year? Can we expect to see a very strong volume number in second quarter? Or is it going to be kind of negative for a while and then eventually kind of lap the challenges in turkey in the back half?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, you should expect growth. We are very intent. And obviously with the raw materials where they are, with synergy capture we have, we have the dry powder, we need to get the pricing right, to drive growth, to support these brands to drive growth. We have, matter of fact, we're preaching our investment in innovation to be able to drive long-term growth in these brands. And the early read – during November and December, frankly, we didn't get the price realization on the shelf that we needed to, to drive volume. During the month of January, the pricing gaps were reflected on the shelf and we saw the volume response that we were looking for. So I feel great about our growth going forward for the year. We have advantaged brands and advantaged categories, and we fully intend to take advantage of that because that's what the consumer wants us to do. And you're right, we will be lapping the AI problems. We've got to get some points of distribution back, but we've got a great sales team working on that. We continue to improve the mix. One of the volume issues in Q1 was that we didn't repeat some private label volume and frankly it's like – I don't know – spiral sliced hams and private-label bacon, and we just have so much more opportunity in branded consumer pull categories that it was the right thing to do for our business and for the customer to not repeat those very low, if not negative margin private-label sales and improve that into a – but as you can tell...
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, Donnie, I get all that. But your sales down 11% in first quarter, if you can help us model out what you think the sales growth for Prepared Foods this year? Are you still down because of the private-label decisions? Or are you going to go back to positive pretty quickly here?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I think, no, you're going to see positive sales growth as well, absolutely. We got to get the volume to support the lower pricing to get the total dollars up. But yeah, we're headed that way.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sorry. I misunderstood your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, and congratulations on a really outstanding quarter.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: So let me ask about the chicken margin sustainability in a different way as well. Obviously you outperformed what the commodity markets did in our estimates by about 1,000 basis points. So I think what I'm seeing is, and just help me if I'm wrong here or if I'm reading it incorrectly, but relative to the market your portfolio is more stable, higher-margin products and that's starting to play through on the revenue line. And clearly this quarter we saw that. Right? And I think what we're seeing clearly is your big bird segment, if I may, where you're taking a lot of this cheap meat out of the big bird plants and adding value to it, that's been a great strategy. So my question really is more on the retail tray pack side of your business and potentially on the small bird side. Can you talk about the sustainability of the margins on those two sort of subcategories? Like a lot of people think your Tray Pack business is not as – it can't maintain these margins at these levels if supply increases, right. So if you look at three segments for the chicken market, it seems to me that whatever supply increase has been coming into the market, it's been on the big bird side. So what happens if and when the retail tray pack supply industrywide increases? What does that do to your margin structure? And then similarly on the small bird. I mean, I know, it's not happening right now, right? We know that there's no new capacity coming in on those two segments, but just help me think through that for a second?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure. So first of all, as evidenced in South Georgia, we have the flexibility within our supply chain to move our mix to where the consumer is going. If you look at a macro view, although recent volumes – because at fresh, for example, because you've got so much pork, price is way down and pork demand is up, but in general, remembering that Chicken is twice the size of the category of Beef or Pork, Chicken demand is really good. And it over indexes to the Millennials, as they enter the workplace and begin in earnest consuming food. So we feel great about the macro trends and where they're leading us. We have the flexibility within our supply chain to move within small bird, fresh, whatever we might do. Certainly it's not in our business model to oversupply big bird. We'd rather buy that meat and add value to it, as you mentioned. The thing about our business to remember is we've got the number one fresh brand at retail, we've got great penetration across a broad segment of customers nationally, and we have phenomenal quality, service and innovation. So I feel good that we will remain the leading fresh supplier as we move out front, whether it's a small bird into the retail deli or fast food cut-up, or whether it's at retail. Plus we've got a lot of innovation that we can continue to innovate in these fresh categories, and our customers rely on that. So I think that is a big portion of what stabilizes our fresh Chicken business, if you will, for the future.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then just on Prepared Foods, how much of the revenue guidance cut is related to, let's say, the Prepared Foods business not doing as well as you thought previously? And then your margin guidance on Prepared Foods, although pretty solid in light of the $250 million commodity tailwind and the roughly $200 million incremental synergies seems a bit light. I think what it means is you're spending or planning on spending a lot of money on brand building. But why do that when sort of volumes, if you look historically last 12 weeks or so, haven't been as robust?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, I'm going to start kind of at the back end and work my way back up, is that the reasons the volumes haven't been as robust as we want them to be in our Prepared Foods, there's really two things in that. Number one, it depends on your view of everything that you look at in Nielsen or IRI about our data. Because there's two categories that if you do kind of a macro view of everything, Tyson and IRI, you've got two categories in there that would be IF chicken and then the UPC ground beef chubs also show up. So the one and three-pound rolls of ground beef, which is a huge portion by the way of the volume decline or a huge proportion of the volume decline, that meat is going fresh. And frankly for us, if the consumer would rather have that breast meat in a fresh tray versus having it in an IQF bag, we're going to go where the consumer is because frankly its margins is up a little bit. Same thing on ground beef, if they'd rather have it – that volume not in that UPC, but in a non-UPC tray, we're going to do that. So first of all, bear that in mind. Now backing up to your other question, the big revenue issue overall for the company really comes in three places. Beef and Pork commodity prices are down a lot, and then the other thing is the divestitures of the Mexican business, the Brazilian business and our Heinold Hog Markets business. So that is the overwhelming majority of the revenue decline quarter-over-quarter, and it's driven primarily by Beef prices, and by the way, will be for the year. So – well, we would expect it to be for the year. Does that help?
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Yeah, I know that some vast majority, going from $41 billion to $37 billion is those three issues...
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: ...but is it fair to say Prepared Foods you're expecting lower sales than you previously were? And how much so roughly?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I don't think it's fair to say that. Now in our Prepared Foods business, about half of it is food service, and those do use pricing formulas and the deflation in the raw materials does take some of the pricing down, but it doesn't affect the margin. If you look at the Retail business, we are seeing the response that we want to see from the pricing and the brand support that we're giving these brands. And we will continue to do that all year because we've got a great opportunity to grow.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Sir, your line is now open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you, and congrats on a good quarter. If we could just shift over to Pork, there's been a lot of talk about the sustainability of the Chicken margins at these levels, and just wanted to get your thoughts as we move through the year on Pork, and in particular could you stay at these elevated margins if the export markets pick up?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we do have one eye always kind of on the export markets, and we're not seeing a lot of improvement in that yet. Could still happen, if it does, it's certainly upside. If you look at the macro picture here, you're probably going to have somewhere on the order of about 2% to 3% more hogs for the year. We should have very good capacity utilization. I feel good about where we are in terms of where the hogs are, so we should be competitive there. So I feel good about margins and certainly it's a little bit too early to predict what might happen in the back half of the year, but yeah, it feels like we've got a good pork year coming.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Certainly off to a great start.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Maybe if I ask it a little bit in a different manner. I mean, I guess, obviously the expert outlook is a little bit more uncertain, but just judging by how you did in the first quarter, should we sort of think about the rest of the year as being – if the hog availability is still strong, and the domestic demand kind of remains where it is, everything else, I mean, you said kind of above 6% to 8%, but I mean is it double-digits? Is 10% possible for the year? What are we sort of generally looking at because there's a lot of room between above 6% to 8% what you did in the first quarter? Thanks.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, there is. And I think Q1 and hogs is always strong, and I wouldn't want to predict the whole year based on Q1, but it feels very good to us that this should be a good pork year.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick Chen from BMO Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. This is Patrick in for Ken. Just a question about Prepared Foods. Just wondering how long will the reinvestment of all the synergies will go on? It seems like it's been, I guess, holding your margins back, I'm just try to figure out what the timing is as to when margins will improve from these levels, especially with chicken margins kind of potentially doing better than Prepared Foods this year. Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, so with advantaged brands and advantaged categories, we're really built for growth. We've got a great innovation pipeline that we're investing in for the long-term, and so there's always a balance, right, between margin and growth. And our intent is to make sure that with the advantages that we have, that we continue to grow. Frankly, the retailers depend on us to grow these categories, and we're going to continue with strong brand support. We spend a lot of time understanding the consumer and using those insights to build the right kind of innovation pipeline for the future. And so we will always balance growth and margin. Obviously in Q1 we didn't get the growth that we wanted, and the reason we didn't get the volume, growth we wanted, we didn't get the prices reflected on the shelves in the time period that we had predicted, so that our price caps would be right. That is now fixed, or pretty much fixed. And I think you're going to see the volume growth that will support the overall dollar of margin growth over time.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Patrick, from my perspective, what I like that I'm seeing is our vitality index numbers are really strong and that's a good sign for volume growth in the years ahead that really excites us to keep that margin solid and growing.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Ms. Diane Geissler from CLSA. Ma'am, your line is now open.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Diane.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Congratulations on your quarter.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: I have a question, so the guidance range for this year if we exclude the extra week last year, is sort of 22% to 25%. And I guess when I look at it, I mean, look, breast meat is at $1, leg quarters are at $0.25. You're going to have margins in the Chicken segment above the, way above the top end of your normalized range. So as we look into fiscal 2017, appreciate we don't know what's going to go with pricing, et cetera, but it seems to me that with the way the Chicken business is set up now, you should be able to sustain margins above the top end of the normalized range, and therefore earnings next year should be up 10% plus. Am I thinking about that wrong?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Diane, we are very optimistic about this year and the foundation that we've built for next. If you look at it, next year we've got more synergies coming. I think we're going to prove decidedly in the next few weeks in the quarter or so that we've got great brands that are well positioned. I think protein demand is going to remain pretty strong. I know we have great consumer relevance. It's really hard to predict what input prices will be a year from now or whatever, but if you just look at the macro view, it feels pretty good that they'll be reasonable and certainly within our ability to manage, should have plentiful supply of livestock. We've got a great innovation pipeline, great cash flow as Dennis talked about. If I look at – anyway, so yeah, we're really optimistic.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So I guess the short answer is we can make money when breast meat is at $1 and we can also make money when breast meat is at $2?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, we can.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Is that the takeaway?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That is the takeaway.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations: So, listen, we appreciate your interest. We certainly appreciate your involvement in our company. We plan to carry this momentum generated in Q1 through the rest of this year and on into 2017. We're off to the shareholders meeting now. Hope you have a great weekend. See you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you so much for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - VP, Investor Relations Donnie Smith - President and CEO Dennis Leatherby - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Diane Geissler - CLSA Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Mike Henry - Cleveland Research Company Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Goldman - JPMC Tim Ramey - Pivotal Research Group David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Foods’ Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now, I will turn the meeting over to your host Jon Kathol, VP of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Tyson Foods’ conference call for the fourth quarter and 2015 fiscal year. On today’s call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the news release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. We use non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better understanding of the Company’s operating performance by excluding the impact of certain non-recurring items affecting comparability. This morning, we will be referring to our fourth quarter and fiscal year adjusted results. As a reminder, fiscal 2015 included 53 weeks, with the additional week falling in the fourth quarter. Because our guidance for fiscal 2015 was on a 52-week basis, the adjusted results that we will be referring to exclude the impact of the additional week. Please refer to today’s news release for a full reconciliation of our GAAP to adjusted results. To ensure we get to as many of you as possible during the Q&A session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and then get back in the queue for any additional questions. I’ll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us today. I’d like to begin with a recap of another record year. With record adjusted earnings of $3.15 a share, it was our fourth consecutive year of EPS growth. Adjusted sales were $40.6 billion, a record for the sixth consecutive year. Adjusted operating income was a record $2.3 billion, an increase of 37% over last year and the third consecutive year of growth. Cash flows from operations were a record $2.6 billion, nearly doubling our previous record set in 2010. And the three-year compound annual growth rate for adjusted EPS is 17%. We’re certainly pleased with those accomplishments, especially in light of knowing we achieved them despite unusual challenges throughout the year. The West Coast port slowdown was a significant disruption for Beef and Pork exports, resulting in a $90 million negative effect. There was an avian influenza outbreak that closed several export markets for our Chicken business and affected our turkey operations for a total impact of $139 million. And in the last couple of weeks of the fiscal year, there was an unprecedented decline in the live cattle futures market, resulting in $70 million in losses from mark-to-market positions and an LCM inventory charge. We did not adjust our earnings for the nearly $300 million of these challenges costs and we still produced record adjusted sales, earnings, operating income and cash flows. Meanwhile we paid down debt, bought back $250 million of our stock, and successfully integrated two companies into Tyson 2.0, while capturing $322 million in total synergies. We have a great team at every level of the organization, and I want to thank them for staying focused and delivering despite all the challenges and distractions. Now, I’d like to give you some color on our operating segments. But keep in mind that adjusted operating income and adjusted return on sales for the fourth quarter and for the year exclude the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2015. Please refer to our press release for non-GAAP reconciliations. The Prepared Foods segment produced fourth quarter operating income of $171 million with a 9.2% return on sales. Volume for the quarter was up 74%, reflecting the addition of Hillshire Brands, and average sales price was up 15%. For the fiscal year, operating income was $636 million with a return on sales of 8.3%. Volume for the year was up 78%, again reflecting the additional volume from Hillshire, and average sales price was up 20%. The majority of our synergies were captured within the Prepared Foods segment as a result of operational improvement, $81 million for the quarter and $285 million for the year. And not all those synergies are falling to the bottom line because we’re investing some in the MAP spending and pricing to grow our brand and launch new platforms. In fiscal 2016, we’ll ramp up our MAP spend even more behind the Hillshire Snacking and Ball Park jerky launches and the new Jimmy Dean Shine On marketing campaign. Also, in the fiscal year, we’ll continue to work on optimizing our Prepared Foods operations, as you saw in the press release last week. And we expect return on sales for the segment to be near the low end of the 10% to 12% range in fiscal 2016. In the Chicken segment for the fourth quarter, operating income came in at $344 million with a 12.3% return on sales. Volume for the quarter was up 3%, while average sales price was down 2%. For the year, operating income was $1.3 billion, with a return on sales of 12%. Volume for the year was up 2%, while pricing was down 1.6%. We’ve proven that by purchasing up to 10% of our chicken meat on the open market and further processing it into value-added convenience foods, we can produce strong, stable returns even in times of falling commodity chicken pricing. Our Chicken business model is primarily value-added as a large branded component and is anchored in consumer insights and demand and has only a small amount of commodity exposure. To help you understand the value-added nature of our Chicken business, I’ll break it down into the categories on a sales dollar basis. About 52% is consumer retail. This includes products such as fresh tray pack, deli rotisserie, frozen strips and nuggets, any’tizers, Tyson Grilled & Ready and IQF portions. Demand for these products is driven by three factors, brand, convenience and freshness. About 16% of our chicken sales are in foodservice national accounts and include products like eight-piece cut up and batter breaded, par fried and fully-cooked tenders, wings and breast strips. Demand is driven by quality. These are prep and flavor and national account consumers are often on the leading edge of our innovation. About 17% of our sales are in foodservice value-added and like national accounts include batter breaded, par fried and fully-cooked tenders, wings, breast strips and patties. These products are typically sold through broad line distributors to foodservice operators and brand is very important to them as it signifies quality and consistency. Only about 15% of our sales are commodity products such as bulk leg quarters, CDP [ph] breast, meat and renderings. Our commodity leg quarter volume is less than half of what it was a few years ago and we’re working to continue reducing our commodity exposure through growth in consumer demand for dark meat and our buy versus grow strategy. Had we grown all the birds we needed, rather than buying parts on the market, we would have had an additional 4 million pounds of leg quarters a week to sell. Our Chicken business is balanced and diversified and we have the flexibility to move where the consumer is going. We’ve created a model that’s about 90% customer and consumer pull with only about 10% of ourselves being pushed out into the market. Our customers value our innovation, consumer insights, broad product portfolio and category leadership, all of which help them grow their businesses. This is how we’re building long-term growth and stability and why we believe our Chicken segment will produce returns exceeding 10% in fiscal 2016. Turning to our Beef segment, in the fourth quarter, operating income was a negative $20 million resulting in an operating margin that was negative by 0.5%. Volume was down by 1.5% and average sales price dropped by 6%. For the year, operating income was a negative $53 million, with return on sales of minus 0.3%. Volume was down for the year about 2.2% because we processed fewer cattle. The average sales price was up 7% for the year. We saw improvement and a return to profitability in Beef in the fourth quarter, but then an unprecedented dramatic decline in the live cattle futures market occurred in the last two weeks of the quarter, resulting in the $70 million loss, I mentioned earlier. With cattle supplies flat to perhaps slightly higher in fiscal 2016, the Beef business should approximate the low end of the newly revised normalized range of 1.5% to 3%. Our Pork operating income was $88 million with a 7.2% return on sales in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of our Heinold business sold in Q1, sales volume was up about 7% while sales prices were down 23% for the quarter. For the fiscal year, Pork operating income was $373 million with a return on sales of 7.2%. Volume was up about 4% for the year, excluding Heinold, while average sales price was down 16%. We’re expecting fiscal 2016 to be another solid year for the Pork segment with returns in the 6% to 8% range. You might have noticed in our press release this morning that we’re now reporting our Chicken operations in China and India in other results. The business in India, while very small is profitable and has good potential. While we still believe in China’s long-term potential, its operations haven’t achieved profitability. Given the ongoing losses generated in this business, record low chicken pricing, the slower economic outlook for China, and our changing strategy, we recorded an impairment charge of $169 million in the fourth quarter. We’ve been doing a significant amount of work on our go forward strategy for China and India, and we’ll share our plans with you in the coming months. Let’s move on to our view of domestic consumer demand and our innovation efforts. At foodservice, traffic is expected to be flat to up just slightly. Non-commercial and fast casual are driving traffic growth, while breakfast and snacking continue as the growing daypart categories. We’re diversified across all dayparts, all types of foodservice operations and across the types of products we sell. We have several new product launches and platform expansions planned for 2016. Because they’re customer specific, I can’t go into details but it’s fair to say we’re broadening our thought process within Prepared Foods and value-added chicken to provide some exciting innovation for our customers that will meet consumers’ breakfast and snacking needs. In the retail channel, we are seeing increase featuring of Pork as pricing has come down. For the most recent year-over-year comparison, fresh Pork volume was up 6% on 2% lower pricing. Fresh chicken volume was up 1.5% on 3% higher pricing. The difference becomes more pronounced when looking at the past month, with Pork volume up 11% on 13% lower pricing. And fresh chicken volume down 2% with about a 2% increase in pricing. Whole muscle and ground Beef saw volume increases in the past month, as pricing finally began to ease up. In our Retail business, we have advantaged brands in advantaged categories, and we’ve regained share in Tyson’s value-added poultry following operational disruptions last year. We’ve also worked on closing pricing gaps to competitors in core Jimmy Dean and Hillshire farm items to regain or to maintain share. When we look at our retail IRI data, we focus on what we call our core non-business lines, which are the Hillshire Farm smoked sausage, Aidells smoked sausage, Hillshire Farm lunchmeat, Jimmy Dean Frozen Protein Breakfast, Jimmy Dean Breakfast Sausage, Wright and Tyson brand bacon, Ball Park hotdogs, Tyson brand value-added poultry and State Fair and Ball Park corn dogs. These are the biggest volume and dollar driving categories for our Retail business, and we focus our resources to ensure these brands and categories stay strong. Looking at the core none, sales dollars for the period ending November 8, whether you’re looking at data for the latest month, the latest quarter or the latest year, grew in the 1% to 3% range. Volume, while flat for the year, grew 2% to 4% for the latest month and the latest quarter. So, we feel good about the health of our core retail branded business, and we’re adding new platforms and sustaining innovation on top of the core. I mentioned the Hillshire Snacking and Ball Park jerky launches and both are doing very well. The end market performance of Hillshire Small Plates is far exceeding projections; and the velocity of Hillshire grill chicken bites is up substantially and performing well against competitors. The Ball Park jerky lunch is going very well too and we believe we have a superior product that will drive repeat purchases. We kicked off heavy C-store channel selling in mid-October and also began a national media and PR last month. Innovation will be our growth driver in 2016 across our retail categories, and we’ll talk about specific products at our CAGNY presentation in February. But one thing I’d like to tell you about now is the upcoming launch of Jimmy Dean bacon in early calendar 2016. Of course, we have Wright brand bacon, which is our premium, stack-pack, thick-cut bacon and we also have our Tyson bacon, which is a very good quality mainstream product with a loyal following. But we see there to expand loyalty for our premium L-Board bacon behind the Jimmy Dean brand bolstered by our deep capabilities in sourcing, making and selling bacon. Positioning Jimmy Dean in the bacon category is a great revenue synergy that came out of the integration of Tyson and Hillshire. And to be clear, we don’t include revenue synergies in our total synergy numbers. Speaking of total synergies, that is going extremely well and we see more opportunity. We’re raising our synergy estimates for fiscal 2016 to more than $500 million and for fiscal 2017 to more than $700 million. The additional synergies will allow for more investment in innovation, new product launches and strengthening our brands. 2015 was our first full year of having Tyson Foods and Hillshire Brands together as one company. At the time of the acquisition, I’ve said one plus one equals three and we’re seeing that in our results. The integration has gone extremely well; we’re just scratching the surface on what we can accomplish. I don’t think there’s a food company that’s better positioned than we are. We will capitalize on the opportunities we’ve created. 2016 should be another record year with projected adjusted EPS of $3.50 to $3.65 a share. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks, Donnie and good morning everyone. Fiscal 2015 was another record year as we proved our diversified business model can generate strong steady cash flows. Our operating cash flow of $2.6 billion allowed us to invest in our businesses, reduce debt and resume meaningful share repurchases as we bought back $250 million worth of shares in the fourth quarter and $200 million so far in Q1 of fiscal 2016, for a combined total of $450 million and more than 10 million shares. Fiscal 2015 adjusted revenues were $40.6 billion, representing 9% growth compared to prior year driven by a full year of Hillshire Brands results, offset by reductions from divestitures in our international operations. Total company adjusted return on sales for fiscal 2015 was 5.5%, and adjusted operating income was approximately $2.3 billion, representing a 37% increase over fiscal 2014. Our adjusted earnings of $3.15 per share, represents a 7% increase over our previous record of $2.94 last year. As we described in our press release this morning, live cattle futures experienced a large and rapid decline in September. This negatively impacted us in the fourth quarter by $70 million from losses on mark-to-market open derivative positions and lower cost or market inventory charges, which cost us approximately $0.11 per share. To be clear, we have not added this back for adjusted EPS purposes. We expect $218 million on capital expenditures for the fourth quarter and $854 million for the full fiscal year. This outpaced our depreciation by $245 million in fiscal 2015, as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high return on invested capital. On a GAAP basis, our effective tax rate in fiscal 2015 was 36.3%. On an adjusted basis, this was 34.3%. In the fourth quarter, we completed the sale of our Mexico operations and received $374 million in net proceeds, which were used to retire the 2015 notes. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA for the past 12 months was two times, as expected. And on a gross debt to adjusted EBITDA basis, this measure was 2.2 times. Net interest was $69 million during the fourth quarter and $284 million for fiscal 2015. Including cash of $688 million, net debt was $6 billion, down $1.7 billion from Q4 of 2014. Total liquidity was $1.9 billion, well above our goal of $1.2 billion. Our average diluted shares for fourth quarter was $411 million. Now, looking forward, here are some thoughts on fiscal 2016. We believe sales should be around $41 billion, which represents approximately 1.5% organic growth as we offset the impact of fiscal 2015 divestitures. We expect to capture more than $500 million in synergies, primarily from our Prepared Foods profit initiatives and Hillshire Brands synergies. Net interest expense should approximate $255 million. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 35%. CapEx is expected to approximate $900 million, as we continue to focus on projects that will create long-term shareholder value. Prior to adjusting for any additional share repurchases as well as changes in our stock price which will impact the dilution from our tangible equity units, we expect our diluted shares in Q1 2016 to approximate 403 million based on our share price at the end of Q4. This morning, we reported our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 50% from $0.10 to $0.15 per share on our Class A common stock payable on December 15. This increase brings our dividend to $0.60 per share annually for Class A shares from $0.40. Beginning in fiscal 2017, we expect to increase future dividends for Class A shares by at least $0.10 per share annually. This increase and our commitment to steady future dividend increases, demonstrates our confidence in the enduring strength and stability of our cash flow. As we have demonstrated, our capital allocation priorities are governed by our disciplined focus on driving long-term shareholder value. Our priorities for deploying the significant cash flows that our operations generate are for growing our businesses through organic growth in operational efficiency capital projects with attractive returns, acquiring businesses that support our strategic objectives, and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while maintaining plenty of liquidity, investment grade credit ratings and strong incremental debt capacity. We are confident that we will deliver continued growth in operating income and EPS in fiscal 2016. Chicken margin should be above 10%. Prepared Foods margin should be near the low end of our 10% to 12% expected range. Pork margin should be in the normalized range of 6% to 8%. Beef margin should approximate the low end of the new normalized range of 1.5% to 3%. Net debt to EBITDA should remain around two times as we return most of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And we expect adjusted EPS in the range of $3.50 to $3.65, which represents 11% to 16% growth compared to fiscal 2015. In closing, this has been an amazing year for Tyson 2.0. I would like to thank our team members for delivering record sales, record operating income, record EPS, and record cash flows. I am proud of what we’ve accomplished together and look forward to our continued growth. I’ll now turn it over to Donnie for some closing remarks.
Donnie Smith: We’ve wrapped up a record setting year at Tyson Foods; we’re off to a great start for 2016. From where we sit today, it looks like it will be another record year as we continue to deliver on our goal of at least 10% annual EPS growth over time. We’re capitalizing on the benefits of our diverse portfolio and our branding power. Our Prepared Foods business is performing very well and we’ll be capturing even more synergies this year giving us fuel to drive growth. Our Chicken business is strong. Pork continues to do well. And we think the worst is behind us in Beef. We bought back $250 million of our stock in Q4 and $200 million so far in Q1. We’re projecting strong cash flow and a positive outlook that will allow us to continue buying back our shares through 2016. And as Dennis said, we’ve just increased our regular dividend by 50% and plan to continue increasing it by at least $0.10 per share annually. We’ve got a lot of reasons to be confident. And we think 2016 is going to be another great year of producing strong shareholder returns. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we’re ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Adam Samuelson at Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: So, I guess my question, Donnie, on guidance and a couple of different pieces here. First, I want to understand the guidance for the Prepared Food margins near 10% despite the fact that you’ve got about $175 million of year-over-year synergies and very sizeable year-over-year raw material tailwinds. Can you help us think about the scale of SG&A and reinvestment that you’re doing in the business? And then second, in Chicken, help us bridge the 12% margins you did this year to around 10% plus that you’re expecting for next year?
Donnie Smith: Sure, Adam. So on the Prepared Foods part, will take that first. We will be -- typically, we spend about 5% of sales in MAP. We’re going to be spending a little over that in this year, as we focus on the Hillshire Snacking and the Jimmy Dean launch and the new Jimmy Dean marketing campaign. We’re also investing in price gaps versus the competition. We’ve got some room in Jimmy Dean Roll Sausage. We’ve got price gaps in Hillshire Farm smoked sausage. And we need to get our lunchmeat business. We’ve just moved back the line pricing there as now we’ve got the turkey raw materials coming back to us from the AI. So it’s very important for us that we regain our volume growth in these categories. So, we’re going to be investing in trade and investing in MAP spending to drive our growth in those categories. Switching over to chicken, you’ve got a pretty cheap environment now with fresh meat trading pretty regularly below $0.90 a pound delivered. You’ve got leg quarter markets trading sub $0.20 and depending on how disjointed your logistics are you’re probably FOB the plant somewhere in the $0.12 to $0.13 range. That’s a pretty soft environment for pricing. We’ve got a lot of volume that is in RFP now. And so we feel very comfortable that we’ll be better than 10%, but we want to be cautiously optimistic until we get through this RFP season on our chicken business. But let me hasten on to say that our brands give us a good bit of insulation from our competition, plus our quality service and innovation helps set us apart. And we’ve done a lot in the last four years to optimize our poultry portfolio and to structure the pricing models within each part of that portfolio to deliver stable results. And that’s what we think will happen again this year.
Adam Samuelson: It’s very helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, can you help us think through the export assumptions that you’re thinking about for really chicken, beef and pork, and how those are influencing your margin outlook?
Donnie Smith : Yes. So, in chicken, we’ve actually forecasted sub $0.20 leg quarters for the rest of the fiscal year inside of our projection. So, if we get a feel of these AI closed markets to open up, that could be a little upside for us but we don’t have that baked into the plan. As we look at pork and beef, we’re going to continue to see based on a strong dollar competition from other regions around the world. You might think that we’ll have maybe a little bit of growth in the beef’s export volume for the year, probably not expecting very much in pork, but -- and then maybe you see chicken exports improve. So one thing to note though, I think we mentioned in the last call or two that we were taking a lot of our beef items like Short Plates and those kind of things, and rolling those in to the trim stream; those are now going back out into the export markets. Now they’re going back into those markets at much lower pricing than they were before, but it is better than the trim stream. And then one thing that -- I said one thing, there’s been about three things. Sorry. One last thing I’d like investors to think about is we have not projected any impact for MCOOL. [Ph] So, depending on whether or not Congress fails to act or acts and there are retaliatory tariffs, those would provide some cautionary note in our export sales. But we don’t have anything forecasted for that, and we also don’t have any AI impact built into our projection. So that’s the view.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Diane Geissler of CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler: First of all, congratulations on your quarter and just really your operations, all year long. I wanted to -- and thanks also for some of the details on your value-add portfolio and the breakdown on consumer retail versus foodservice. I guess, I just want to come back around on the chicken outlook and say that I think in the press release, you’ve said it was 2% from the USDA, but you actually expected it to be up a little bit more than that and that foodservice could possibly see demand lower than supply. So when we think about these breakdowns that you’ve given us, how much of that is sort of already booked in with a guaranteed margin? So, you’ve priced out a contract with the national account, you know what the margin on that will be in 2016. Can you provide us some color on what you know you’ve already booked versus maybe what is a little bit more open to the market as we get later in fiscal 2016?
Donnie Smith: It’s difficult to answer with a lot of specificity. I don’t know how to say that word specificity. You know that word, right? But let me say this, so as far as what we would have booked today that has pricing set and has perhaps the cost in commodity futures underneath it, you’re talking sub 20% of the portfolio but we have a lot of our portfolio that is line priced; we have a lot of the portfolio that has very short volume windows. So, if you ask me what is my expectation about how well we will do through pricing season and how well we’ll be able to maintain at least 10% margins or better, I feel very good about that. A couple of reasons, we’ve got the largest brand at present out there in the U.S. in Chicken. Our value-added portfolio, now we’ve got capacity around us to where we can continue to grow that. And by the way, our buy versus grow strategy in a year like this is a competitive advantage because we’re able to buy very, very cheap raw materials and then further process that into value-added items for predominantly foodservice, but also some at retail. And we’ve got best-in-class quality; we’ve got best-in-class service. And I think that drives our customers to us to ask us to help grow their categories. And we’ve got the innovation capabilities that they’re looking for to continue to grow their business. So that sets up very well for us. And I’m very positive about our Chicken business for 2016.
Diane Geissler: Have you finished most of the fall contracting with the foodservice?
Donnie Smith: No, it’ll take us about another 60 days or so to get through it. I can tell you that the early read is it’s going pretty good.
Diane Geissler: And just on the export -- to follow-up on that question, I mean it’s been awhile since we’ve had an AI case -- a new AI case discovered on the back of the high-path that happened earlier this spring. So, based on your experience, how long does it take for the trade partners to open the doors? I mean, at what point will they look at it and say, okay, there’s -- no new cases, we don’t expect any more cases and now we’re going to think about taking products from the U.S. again?
Donnie Smith: Historically, it’s been around six months to nine months, although I can tell you we haven’t had very many. We’re about nine months past March 5th now and we haven’t had very many regions open the doors yet. There is a lot of trade negotiations going on. TPP is up in the air, you’ve got MCOOL [ph] up in the air. There’s just a lot going on around trade. I don’t know how much that’s impacting. Whether or not these countries open up, we feel very safe about our supply chain. So, I don’t see any reason there for there to be any reason not to want to take great part of it from the U.S. So I’d really hesitate to try to guess on when these things will open up. So what we did, Diane, is we just put the current pricing in our year for the whole year. And if anything breaks lose, then it will benefit us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brett Hundley of BB&T Capital. Your line is open.
Brett Hundley: Just two questions for me. Donnie, I can certainly appreciate you’re lowering your normalized range on beef just given challenges in recent years. But maybe to put this move into Wall Street jargon, I wonder if you’re downgrading the segment at the bottom here. One of your competitors in the space fairly recently was more bullish than I would have expected on the beef market going forward. And I’m just wondering as you add up the pieces, if you guys could potentially find yourselves above that new normalized range and back within your old range by 2017 or so?
Donnie Smith: So, first, let me explain why we took the action we did. We really did feel it’s important for our investor base to have a really solid understanding of what we feel the margin environment is going to be that we face out over the next few years. You’ve got relatively low cattle supply, you’ve got too much -- well, not to say too much, probably not the right way to say it, but you’ve got excess industry capacity. And that limits our ability to drive margins above the 1.5% to 3%, we think. I would say this though is that are there likely to be quarters out in those future years where we would see margins in the previous. Yes, I think you should expect that. But overall, for annual guidance, as we look forward for the next few years, this is the environment we think we’ll be operating in.
Brett Hundley: And then, my last question is just on your Prepared Foods business. Just to maybe help me with modeling that top line better, going forward, I was wondering if maybe you would separate out your legacy and Hillshire areas or maybe even talk to the different parts of your Prepared Foods business, more about volume and price expectations going forward. You have a very vast business there. And when I walk to stores here in my area, I see a fair amount of competitive behavior amongst all the participants. And you talked about your wanting to push volume growth. You’ve mentioned the synergy capture that you guys are garnering which I think gives you a lot of fire power there. But I just want to understand top line dynamics better on a go forward basis between different areas of your business there?
Donnie Smith: So, as you look at our Prepared Foods business, and I’m going to be painting with a fairly broad brush, it’s relatively evenly split between retail and foodservice. So if you think about our foodservice Prepared Foods business, so let’s look at that first. You’ve got predominantly a pizza toppings business and other ingredient meats combined with the portfolio of breaded products, tortillas, flat breads, that kind of thing, and the former, if you will, bakery and sweet goods business from Hillshire Brands. So, a lot of the meat in that portfolio is priced on a trailing basis to the markets. So, as the markets go down and we do expect cheaper pork raw materials, typically our pricing in Prepared Foods would go down as well, but we would hang on to the margin. And it would recover in some period of time. We’ve tried to shorten that window from 90-plus days down to 45 to 60 days or so and that should help stabilize the margin regardless of which way the market is moving. The bakery and sweet goods business has a very stable, low double-digit margin. And so, again, there is opportunities for us to grow a bit in that category. Although we do think that the largest potential is to continue to grow the meat business inside our Prepared Foods on foodservice side. Now let’s switch over to retail. We talked about the core nine on the script. And what we’re seeing -- let’s take it apart just a little bit. Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, Hillshire Brands smoked sausage and our Hillshire Brands lunchmeat have been the three categories where we need to drive volume. We have seen -- let’s go from the bottom-up. So Hillshire farm lunchmeat. Obviously, our shortage of raw material and turkey has hurt our volume in that business. Now frankly, we’ve been able to replace some SKUs with some additional ham SKUs; we’ve been able to replace some of those SKUs with chicken lunchmeat SKUs. But overall, the absence of turkey has hurt our volume. We’re now in a position where after the first of the year, say late Jan, something like that, we’ll be back to full production in our turkey operation after the AI problems, and we’ll have the raw material around as we need to reset our pricing in our turkey lunchmeat to line pricing and then grow our promotional volume from there. So, we feel great about our ability to get our price gaps right and grow that business. In Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, the issue there is really around reestablishing price gaps to the competition to drive volume. We have a lot of promotional activity going on during this holiday season, and we feel very good about our ability to drive our volume by getting these price gaps right. Frankly, we had some of our retail partners who are a little bit slow in reflecting our pricing gaps at that level. And so that has slowed our volume a bit, but we’ll get there. And now on growth, frankly, we’re seeing unprecedented growth in competitive pricing. We lowered our pricing gaps, but probably need to do that again. And fortunately, we’ve got lower raw materials and we’ve got increased synergies that gives us a lot of power to fuel the growth in these categories. So, I feel very comfortable that Andy and the team have a great focus on how to get the volume back and regain the share that we’ve given up. And I could not be more optimistic about our Prepared Foods business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam: Donnie, could you talk about the synergy targets that you’ve set out? You’ve increased your long-term synergy target by $100 million. Could you share with us what gave you the confidence and where you’re finding that extra $100 million of cost savings?
Donnie Smith: Sure, Farha. So operational improvements through fiscal 2015 were more than we thought and we see increased opportunity as we get into 2016 to -- in the operational improvement. We’re just getting started on some of the network stuff. That’s probably going to be more of a 2017 answer for us. The purchasing synergies, as we work with a lot of our great supply partners, we’ve worked on several packaging innovations and just rethinking a lot of the categories. And together with our supply partners, we’re finding ways to lower our cost in a lot of these purchasing categories. And that has really been the increase that we see the most of in 2016. So, it’s really a good story and it provides a lot of fuel to fuel our growth.
Farha Aslam: And just to be clear, are you including sort of internally sourcing your meat for Hillshire in this 2017 number now?
Donnie Smith: No, not yet, Farha. We’re still under contract with other suppliers with our Hillshire -- former Hillshire Brands raw materials. And until those contracts run out and that could be anywhere from 12 months to 24 months, we’ll still be buying raw materials for that business from other folks.
Farha Aslam: And just as a follow-up, if we can think about Tyson’s longer term kind of ROIC targets and how beef fits in with those targets with your new reduced beef margins? That would be helpful.
Donnie Smith: I’ll take a break and get a cup of coffee. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Farha, this is Dennis. Our longer term goal would be to be at 20% ROIC overall. And just to give you a little bit of a perspective around Beef, even at a 2% return on sales, we have about a 15% ROIC. So, 2.5% gets you pretty close to 20%. And we see no reason why we can’t work our way toward it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Kenneth Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just a couple of follow-up questions. You recently closed one of your plants, your beef plant. How much operating profit or cost reduction will you get from that and how much of that adds to your margin structure? I know that you took down the beef packer margin outlook, but I would think that would be at least somewhere between 30 basis points and 40 basis points incremental. How do you think about that?
Donnie Smith: Ken, you’d be higher there. It obviously depends on the fundamentals in that region about the cattle that come to market and that kind of thing, but 30 is too high. As I think through it, it’s hard for me just to put a number on it, but you’re high at 30. I promise.
Kenneth Zaslow: And then the $139 million associated with the bird flu and turkey, how much of that get recuperated next year and the year after and how do you think about that?
Donnie Smith: So quite a bit of that’s caught up in the export markets, not being able to ship. Obviously -- I don’t know the breakout of the 139, how much is the Chicken export number versus how much is the actual turkey problems. But the turkey part of that should rebound as we get the plant full and we have the raw materials and we regain those sales. And that you should see that start flowing in. We’ve got it modeled in Q2, so you should see that flowing in then.
Kenneth Zaslow: And just talking about pork a little bit, the pork packer outlook, it seems like we’re flushed with plenty of hogs out there. The reason I’m assuming that you’re keeping it within the guidance range is because the export markets are still in flux; is that a fair way of thinking about it because the domestic side of the pork outlook seems exceedingly strong; how do I look into that?
Donnie Smith: You’ve hit the nail on the head, Ken. We feel very good about pork. There’s going to be good hog availability which by the way provides good cheap raw materials for our Prepared Foods business. But this is just a cautionary note on exports and the high dollar and competition from other regions in the world for some primary markets. So that’s the cautionary note there. If some of that changes, then obviously there’s upside in our Pork segment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.
Mike Henry: Hi. This is Mike Henry actually in for Mike Piken. Thanks for taking my question. You highlighted some of the near-term contracts that I guess are more under negotiation with Chicken. I was wondering if you could comment on what percent of the contracting has already been completed for the year that might be a little bit of a tailwind as you go in over the next several quarters.
Donnie Smith: It is hard to say, Mike. My guess is of the volume that is RFPed, maybe 10%, 15% at most, something like that. You’ve got to remember there’s a lot of different pricing models that we have, some where we have guaranteed volume, and we really look at the price every 30, 60 or 90 days. We’ve got a good bit of our Chicken business that’s just right priced. But of that volume that will go through RFPs, I’m guessing you’re in those low-double digits. There is a lot yet to come there, yes.
Mike Henry: And then just one follow-up, if I may, going back to the question on the market being oversupplied potentially for Chicken. Given where prices are today, do you think that we’re seeing this? And then, when we’re in this oversupply situation, how is Tyson kind of adjusting and reacting?
Donnie Smith: So, our reaction is to ramp up our buy versus grow strategy. We are buying a lot of raw material these days. We’re buying breast meat sub $0.90 delivered to our plants. So, we’ve got the opportunity to take advantage of this outside raw material in an oversupply situation to supply our value-added businesses. And as we said in the script, about 90% or so of our volume is really consumer pull and only about 10% is pushed out. We don’t sell very much CDP [ph] breast meat. We’re working hard every day to value up our leg quarters and not have any leg quarters to sell. So it’s a time like this when our buy versus grow strategy really helps us maintain our stable margins.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Couple of questions. So, hey Donnie, when you say only 10% of your volume is pushed out, is that kind of a good proxy for saying only 10% exposed to like commodity pricing on a regular basis? So, like if I just made like a blanket statement that commodity prices are going to be down 25% year-over-year, could I apply that to that 10% to figure out commodity exposure for chicken? And then, I had a quick follow-up.
Donnie Smith: Sure. So, I think I’d rather you think about the 15% of our sales that our CDP [ph] breast meat, leg quarters and our rendering products. Those are the ones that have the most commodity exposure. Now, there is also a minority portion, for example, of our fresh tray pack business that gets priced off the Georgia Dock. So there are some market influences in those businesses. But in terms of just commodity exposure, probably think of the 15% of our portfolio and not the larger percent.
Robert Moskow: And then the follow-up, I guess it’s kind of two-fold. But you said about 20% of the volume you’ve got good visibility on in terms of locking in margins; I think that’s what you said. Is that typical for this time of year, are you ahead or is that about average; how does that compare to last year? And then also, how do I think about the $100 million improvement in your grain costs; how much of that are you able to drop to the bottom-line?
Donnie Smith: So, two great questions, yes. This year is about like every other. So, we’re going through about the same amount of RFP that we went through last year. And again, let me reiterate that it’s going pretty good so far. Still got some room to go, but going pretty good. Let’s see, the second part of your question, remind me of that again.
Robert Moskow: $100 million grain?
Donnie Smith: Yes, the grain. One thing that we always do is look at opportunities to lock in margins when we do get pricing contracts established. So, we’ll look at that. But it’s hard to say this early about how much of the impact of that $100 million will drop to the bottom-line until we get through this big RFP season, because if we can get the chance to lock in our margins underneath that we will. But that’s probably not.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from again Ken Goldman of JPMC. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Forgive me if this was asked, I didn’t hear it. But industry-wide, we are seeing some extraordinarily strong beef and pork processing margins in the last few weeks, if not more. And I recognize that just as we saw this past quarter with beef, sometimes it’s hard to translate what we’re seeing industry-wide to what a specific company’s margins will be. But, as we model out the year, is it reasonable for us, at least in these two segments, to sort of give a little bit more juice to the first half of the year or at least the first quarter just given some of the timing and what we’re actually seeing in the market today because some of the margins we’re seeing are just extraordinarily high and unusual for this time of year?
Donnie Smith: Probably able to do that in pork, I’d be cautious about doing that in beef. We had pretty good October, but here in the middle part of November, beef cut-out has dropped quite dramatically. I don’t know what Friday’s close was, but it’s probably going to be around 2.05 or something like that. And kind of depending on where cattle are north versus south, sometimes it takes a little while to get that change reflected in the cost of the cattle. Beef, my guess is that you’re probably backend loaded. Cattle, we saw the cattle and feed numbers Friday, our estimates would be that the increase in fed’s cattle coming to market this year would be in Q3 or Q4. So, you’re probably a little frontend loaded maybe and pork a little back and loaded and beef is kind of where I’m thinking about it.
Ken Goldman : And then a follow-up, if I can on Beef, it’s obviously been an unexpected, at least from my perspective, drag on earnings in the last two quarters. I think you guys have hinted and this is my interpretation you haven’t said it, but if you wanted to divest it, if you decided, this business is an albatross on our valuation; let’s just punt it. Do you think there would be a robust, even diverse group of suitors for the business or would it be really challenging to find someone interested in and maybe even able to take a look at it from an antitrust perspective? I’m just curious what the market might be for something like that out there, if you can even answer that.
Donnie Smith : No, I can’t answer that. No.
Ken Goldman: Alright. Well, I gave it a shot. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tim Ramey of Pivotal Research Group. Your line is open.
Tim Ramey: Donnie, you mentioned getting started on some of the network stuff to be a fiscal ‘17 event. Can you flesh out a little bit what that means for us?
Donnie Smith: Yes. That wasn’t such a technical term; was it, Tim? So, we’re in the process now, you saw our announcement last Friday, of optimizing the production footprint. We’ll be moving lines of products within that footprint to optimize the logistics around the raw material and optimize the cost of the production. From that point then, the next move is to really look out into the distribution network and make sure that we have the right nodes of distribution, both from a hub-and-spoke and from a forward positioning basis to optimize our transportation cost and our service offering. So, once we get the production footprint established, largely it won’t be perfect. But then we will begin working on the distribution network. There is a couple things that we’re starting to focus on now around rationalizing some of the SKUs. We’ve got some end-to-end opportunities between primarily our pork business, but to some small extent our beef business and our Prepared Foods business to continue to work to optimize cost inside that network. So all of that will be -- we’ll begin working on that in 2016, but largely the effect of those changes will happen in 2017. Now, let me hasten on to say too that we’ve got work inside our Chicken business as well. We’ve just completed the conversion in South Georgia to the tray pack. We’ve got a lot of FP capacity around us now. And so, we’re able to go out and bid on business that we weren’t able to bid before. Our antibiotic-free business continues to grow. So as those grow, that will help us optimize the production and the distribution network as well. Hope that clears it up a little bit.
Tim Ramey: Yes. Just to follow on, on Beef, with the timing difference relative to the price decline in the futures market, it doesn’t sound like you’re saying that’s recouped in the 1Q. Is it more of a -- we should think about that as coming back into the numbers throughout the fiscal 2016 year or how should we think about that?
Donnie Smith: Yes, I would spread that cost throughout the fiscal 2016 year. So, we sell boxed beef out front and buy cattle futures against it to lock in the margin and so, some of those contracts are fairly well out through the year. And so, just kind of spread that cost on through the rest of the fiscal year.
Tim Ramey: And just we used to talk a lot about the pie season back in the day. Anything to say about the sweet goods sales?
Donnie Smith: It’s going well. We did have a problem which, Tim, you know my background; it’d be hard for me to think about a sweet potato problem. But the flooding that we had in South Carolina actually disrupted our supply chain a little bit on the sweet potatoes. We had a great team around that work through it very well and I think did as good as we could to get as much of our volume into the marketplace, as we can, really just some heroic efforts on the part of that business in our supply chain. So, yes, it’s going pretty well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer: As you talk about buy versus grow, you mentioned the purchase mix can shift up to 10% or so over time. Any sense of where that stands now; and has that been evolving already, as you head into 2016?
Donnie Smith: We’re a little bit shy of the 10% now. It’s pretty easy for us frankly to buy about 100 loads a week. Most of that will be breast meat; some will be breast meat portions. And then, if wings were to soften up and we had good promotional volume for next spring’s wings season, we’ll always be out there buying wings and a few tenders when they’re available. Typically, the size of tenders that we need aren’t very readily available. So, mostly, I think breast meat but yes, we do spread that around to the other raw materials when we can use them.
David Palmer: Has your team guessed where the chicken industry profit margins would be around as we exit 2015; is the segment up low-single digits in margin or so?
Donnie Smith: David, honestly, we spend all of our time just focusing on our customers and our margins. We don’t spend a whole lot of time trying to figure out what the industry is doing.
David Palmer: And then just one small question about the dollar, it feels like the strong dollar. And we often talk about the AI trade restrictions. But strong dollar is perhaps holding back your earnings in indirect ways like limiting chicken export and encouraging beef imports from Australia. Could you comment on that? And if the dollar does stabilize, is that at least the removal of a negative?
Donnie Smith: Very much so, removal of the negative, and I would say that today the dollar impact is probably having more of an impact on pork and beef exports than it would chicken. I feel comfortable that if the export restrictions based on AI were relieved, then we could increase our exports in chicken pretty readily. So, dollar wouldn’t necessarily impact the chicken as much, but on pork and beef, yes.
Operator: Thank you. And that ends our Q&A session. I’ll hand it back over to Donnie for closing comments. Thank you.
Donnie Smith: Thanks everyone for joining us today and certainly for your interest in Tyson Foods. We wish you all a very happy Thanksgiving. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Foods' Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. Participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. This call is being recorded. If you object, you may disconnect now. I will now turn the call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Tyson Foods' conference call for the third quarter of the 2015 fiscal year. On today's call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the news release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. This morning, we will be referring to our third quarter adjusted operating income and EPS. The company uses non-GAAP results such as adjusted EPS, adjusted operating margin and adjusted operating income to provide investors with a better understanding of the company's operating performance by excluding the impact of certain nonrecurring items affecting comparability. Please refer to today's news release for a full reconciliation of our GAAP to adjusted results. As always, we'll have a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. To ensure we get to as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and then get back in the queue for any additional questions. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Well, by now you've seen the results in our press release, so I'll start by saying that there were four areas where we over delivered and one that was a negative. The four positives are that synergies are ahead of expectations, Prepared Foods exceeded forecast, the Chicken segment exceeded forecast, and cash flow was $864 million allowing us to reduce net debt by $688 million. The one negative was that Beef under-delivered our expectations by $84 million. We could not offset the quick and substantial impact of Beef in the quarter despite the significant progress across the rest of the portfolio, and I'll talk more about that in my commentary on the operating segment. Synergy capture from the integration of Hillshire Brands is going extremely well. We have raised our estimates last quarter to more than $250 million this fiscal year, and now we're on track for about $300 million, largely driven by operational improvements in the Tyson legacy Prepared Foods operations. The majority of the synergies, $79 million for the quarter, fell within the Prepared Foods segment, where we continue to rewrite the cost structure of the business. In the third quarter, Prepared Foods produced record adjusted operating income of $197 million, with an adjusted 10.9% return on sales. Volume was up 77% reflecting the addition of Hillshire Brands, and average sales price was up 13%. The fundamentals in this segment remains strong and we continue to focus on a long-term growth and brand building. We anticipate our retail margins will moderate a bit in the fourth quarter as we spend against the national launches of Hillshire Snacking and Ball Park jerky, as well as increased MAP spending behind innovation and the base business. We'll also see an impact from price reductions in some product lines to respond to commodity declines, particularly in pork raw materials. Our strategy is to protect margins over the long-term while maintaining competitive price premiums versus the competition in the market. Our actions will set us up for a strong 2016 when we should reach the low end of our new range of 10% to 12% a full year earlier than originally planned. Moving on to the Chicken segment, operating income was $313 million with an 11.4% return on sales. Operating income for the last 12 months exceeded $1.2 billion. Volume was up 3%, while average sales price was down 5% versus Q3 of 2014. The Chicken segment should finish strong with an operating margin of around 12% for the year. And despite disruptions caused by export bans and predicted supply increases, we expect our Chicken segment to perform at or above the top end of its normalized range of 7% to 9% again next year. We're pulling innovation projects forward and adding new ideas to the pipeline that include dark meat utilization. Most of these products will fall into our Prepared Foods segment for branded items like Aidells Sausage, Ball Park Flame Grilled Chicken Patties, and a host of foodservice applications. So, we're excited about the opportunities there, not just for the short term, but for the longer term as well. Turning to the Pork segment, operating income was $64 million with a return on sales of 5.3%. Volume was down 5% due to the sale of our Heinold business in Q1 and average sales price was down 28%. Excluding the divestiture, volumes were up 3% versus Q3 of 2014. Exports continue to be a challenge. A strong dollar, lower prices from the EU and Canada, and the West Coast port slowdown have been contributing factors. Despite all of this, we still came close to being in our normalized range for the quarter. Expansion of the hog herd has been taking place as expected, and it should continue into 2016. With productivity improvement, we expect 3% to 4% more hogs and more pork on the domestic market, which should be a positive for our Prepared Foods segment. Demand for pork is strong, especially when consumers compare it to the price of beef. So, we expect our Pork segment to continue to do well and be in its normalized range for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016. Our Beef segment continue to struggle this quarter, resulting in an operating loss of $7 million. Sales volume was down 4%, while average sales price was up 7% versus Q3 of last year. There were two issues in the Beef segment that caused the loss. First was the West Coast port situation. There was a significant amount of meat in the pipeline and we sold it at lower values in alternative markets rather than building inventory and tighten up our working capital. This cost us about $84 million in the third quarter. The second issue began in late May, early June when feedlot margin erosion accelerated. Feedlot slowed the pace of their cattle marketings from the normal 150 days to about 180 days. As a result, we haven't seen the anticipated summer push of cattle. However, the most recent cattle on feed report indicates that there are more cattle on feed than a year ago. Because we run for margin and not for market share, we're not willing to overpay for cattle and we've had to cut back on our hours at our plants resulting in inefficiencies and added costs. In the short term, we are negatively impacted, but markets will equilibrate and conditions are expected to improve for the long term. Pasture conditions have recovered dramatically and are supporting the rebuilding of the cattle herd. The USDA cattle inventory report released July 24 indicated that beef heifer retention is at 106.5% of a year ago, the largest percent since 1986. Only 32.5% of the cattle on feed were heifers, a record low. The beef cattle herd should have the largest percentage increase since 1980 at 3% or 750,000 head year-over-year. When those cattle come to market, we'll be ready with the plants positioned close to high-density feeding areas, the most efficient operations in the industry and the most knowledgeable experienced team in the business to run them. So while the current headwinds in our Beef segment don't have a quick fix and challenges will continue into 2016, we still believe in the long-term viability of our Beef business. And for the final segment report, International was positive in Q3 with $1 million in operating income. Average sales price was down 10.5%. Volume was down 25% due to the sale of our Brazilian operation and weak demand in China, partially offset by stronger demand in Mexico. We're still in a holding pattern in China and the sale of our Mexico business closed on June 29, following the end of the third quarter. Now, let's move from the segments to consumer demand. At foodservice, dollar sales were up 3% for all commercial restaurants, for both the latest year and the latest quarter. The largest growth was in QSR Mexican with QSR chicken showing the second highest growth rate. We expect consumption to continue growing at foodservice. In the retail channel, fresh chicken and pork remained highly advantage categories. For the most recent year-over-year comparison, fresh chicken volume was up 2% behind 4% higher pricing and fresh pork volume was up 1% with pricing up nearly 6%. But it's important to note that in the near term, the pork situation has changed dramatically. In the last 13 weeks, pork volume was up 18% with pricing down 12%. The lower fresh pork pricing could translate into slower growth in fresh chicken as the gap in price per pound has narrowed nearly 50% with chicken having a $0.55 a pound advantage to the consumer today versus $1 a year ago. Both ground and whole-muscle beef volume were down behind higher pricing. Tyson Foods has retail expertise in fresh meats, as well as numerous Prepared Foods and frozen value-added categories. Retailers have recognized our capabilities by trusting us with an additional 30-category captaincies versus a year ago for a total of 95. And they continue to rely on us to provide the insight and leadership to grow their categories. Eight of our non-core business lines are showing positive dollar sales growth in the latest 52 weeks. Five of the nine have realized dollar share growth over that same period. Jimmy Dean Frozen Breakfast is a notable performer and grew at more than two times the category growth rate, up 15% in the most recent 13-week period. Additionally, our retail value-added poultry business continues to improve and at a $0.55 (10:00) share, is back to category growth levels that's set up well for long term growth. I feel good about the strength of our brands moving into Q4 and 2016, and expect a continued share growth across the majority of our brands, supported by our brands, spend, and closed management of fundamentals. I'm also excited about our innovation and product pipeline. We judge our success on a vitality index of the percentage of sales from products launched in the last three years. And we're in the best-in-class range in both retail and foodservice. We've got a great line-up of innovation coming in the next several months, and in the next few years, and I expect this to stay best-in-class. One of the largest platform launches in Q4 is the national expansion of Hillshire Snacking. This platform is highly incremental to the portfolio, leverages one of our strongest brand equity, and will drive category growth by bringing new consumers into the snacking section. Consumer response has been very strong and will accelerate our support for this launch through Q4 as we drive consumer trail with targeted advertising. Our second major platform launch in Q4 will take the Ball Park brand, America's number one hotdog brand into the jerky category with a point of difference. Our flame-grilled process delivers a uniquely tender jerky that both consumers and customers are enthusiastic about. We have many more new products, new platforms and innovations in the pipeline. And I look forward to sharing those with you in the coming quarters. As a wrap-up on my comment, I'll say that in the near term, we continue managing the acute issues of beef supply in exports while accelerating momentum in Chicken and Prepared Foods. I think it's important to expand the lens and bring into view some things that are going our way in the year ahead. We have leading brands in growing categories, and we're supporting our brands to maintain our leadership position. Prepared Foods should benefit from favorable raw material prices. We have the number brands of fresh and frozen value-added chicken, and we now have additional tray pack and fully-cooked capacity to help grow these businesses and build on recent market share trends. Synergy capture is going very well. We're on track for about $300 million this year and expect more than $400 million in 2016 and more than $600 million in FY2017. We generated strong cash flow that we've used to pay down debt, and we expect to reach our leverage ratios ahead of schedule. We think our stock is a great value, so we plan to start buying back shares in the fourth quarter, again, ahead of schedule. Although we never expected perfect operating environment, most things are going very well and we're positioned for long-term growth. We're excited about what's ahead and we're confident in our ability to achieve at least 10% EPS growth next year and average at least 10% over time. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. With record third quarter earnings at $0.80 per share on an adjusted basis, this was our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EPS growth. Adjusted operated income of $568 million was a 40% improvement over Q3 last year. Our results were in line with our projections, but how we got there was different than we expected. Revenues grew 4% to $10.1 billion compared to the same quarter a year ago with adjusted return on sales of 5.6%. Year-to-date adjusted EPS is $2.32 or a 12% increase compared to the prior year of $2.07. Operating cash flow through three quarters was approximately $1.7 billion and we spent $636 million on capital expenditures which was $189 million greater than depreciation as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 33.6%. Subsequent to quarter-end, we completed the sale of our Mexico operation and received $400 million in proceeds, subject to a working capital true-up in Q4. We used the proceeds to retire the 2015 notes last week. Net debt to EBITDA for the past 12 months was 2.6 times. Net debt to EBITDA was 2.2 times on a pro forma basis when including Hillshire's results for the past 12 months and adjusting net debt for the $400 million in proceeds related to the sale of our Mexico operation. Net interest expense was $70 million during the third quarter. Including cash of $471 million, net debt was $6.8 billion, down $688 million from Q2. Total liquidity was $1.7 billion, remaining above our goal of $1.2 billion. For the quarter, our average diluted shares outstanding were $414 million. Now, here are some thoughts on the full year of fiscal 2015 and some early thoughts on fiscal 2016. Please note that although our accounting cycle results in a 53-week year in fiscal 2015, our outlook is based on a 52-week year. We expect revenues of approximately $41 billion for fiscal 2015, which is over 9% growth compared to fiscal 2014. This is driven primarily by a full year of Hillshire Brands results offset by reductions in our International operations. We believe 2016 revenues should be similar to fiscal 2015 as we grow our current businesses to offset the impact of fiscal 2015 divestitures. We expect to capture approximately $300 million from our Prepared Foods profit improvement initiatives and Hillshire Brands synergies in fiscal 2015 and more than $400 million in fiscal 2016. Net interest expense should approximate $280 million for fiscal 2015 and $260 million in fiscal 2016. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 34.5% for fiscal 2015 and to be around 36% for fiscal 2016. CapEx is expected to be $900 million for fiscal 2015, and between $900 million to $950 million in fiscal 2016 as we continue to focus on projects that will create long-term shareholder value. We expect net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA of approximately two times by the end of fiscal 2015. Prior to adjusting for any future share repurchases as well as changes in our stock price, which will impact the dilution from our tangible equity units, we expect our fiscal 2015 and 2016 diluted shares to approximate $413 million based on our share price at the end of Q3. As we have demonstrated over the past several years, our capital allocation decisions are governed by our disciplined focus on driving long-term shareholder value. Our priorities for deploying the significant cash flows that our operations generate are for growing our businesses through organic growth and operation, efficiency capital projects with attractive returns, acquiring businesses that support our strategic growth objectives and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends all while maintaining plenty of liquidity and investment-grade ratings. Following the Hillshire acquisition, we shifted our priority for deploying discretionary cash toward debt reduction. Strong cash flows have allowed us to make great progress toward fulfilling our deleveraging commitment, and including the notes we paid off last week, we have paid down more than $1.6 billion in debt since the acquisition. Now that the balance sheet has been appropriately strengthened, we're in a position to begin buying back our stock in Q4, which is a full quarter earlier than we had originally anticipated. As Donnie mentioned, we see compelling value in our shares. Buying back our stock now is a great way to return cash to shareholders while enhancing long-term shareholder returns. Our Chicken and Prepared Foods segments have driven great results so far in fiscal 2015. However, as a result of the unanticipated export disruptions experienced in our Beef segment in Q3 and its continued margin pressure, we have modified our guidance to $3.10 to $3.20 adjusted EPS for fiscal 2015. While not what we previously anticipated, it still represents growth of 5% to 9% over fiscal 2014 despite the headwinds we faced. Fiscal 2016 is poised for continued growth in operating income and EPS, and we expect Chicken margins should be at or above the top end of its normalized range of 7% to 9%. Prepared Foods should reach the low end of our new range of 10% to 12% which is a four year earlier than originally planned. Pork margins should be in its normalized range of 6% to 8%. Beef margins should be profitable but below its normalized range of 2.5% to 4.5%. And we expect adjusted EPS growth of 10% plus compared to fiscal 2015. In closing, we are very focused on finishing the year strong. Our team has been remarkable in coming together and successfully integrating the largest acquisition in our history to deliver another record year for Tyson 2.0. Overall, I am personally proud of the results our team has accomplished to propel us into 2016 and beyond. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is coming from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Sir, your line is now open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. I have one quick one and then a longer follow-up if I can. So, first one, are you still looking for, just to confirm, 10% plus earnings growth next year? I was a little confused by the phrasing in the printed document.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Ken, we are. So, here's the way I'm looking at it. So, even if we're a tick or two off this year, when you look at our 2016, nothing has really fundamentally changed and, hey, while it's early, I really expect that anything that we've given up this year would come back to us again next year as we deal with this acute issue in Beef. So that's where we're thinking about it.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, thinking of Beef, if the main issues were marketing delays by feedlots, which we can see in the data, right, and nonrecurring, I guess, port issues if we can, doesn't that suggest the problems are more temporary in nature? Not the Beef doesn't have longer-term issues, but you're getting cattle back next year. The port issues will be cleaned up, so I'm just curious, is that the right way to look at it? Is it really a temporary issue? At this point next year you should be back to slightly below normal, I guess.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Certainly, we're looking at it. I mean, if you look at the most recent cattle on feed data, we're going to have more cattle next year, the calf crop's up. Looks like it's going to be up about 1.2% this year, which portends a fed slaughter of about 1.2% to 1.5% next year. So more cattle are going to show up. The way we're looking at it is, once we get past and get through the – now what we're lingering – what's lingering are the supply issue now that we've dealt with the export issues. While it's still a little bit too early to tell, it feels like that if we go back and look at FY 2012 through FY 2014, our margins in Beef were about 1.5%, 2%, something like that, and it feels like, to me, that 2016 is setting up to be about like that range. And so, again, too early to say for sure, but it feels like to us today that these issues are temporary and that next year will be about like what we saw in 2012 through 2014, something like that.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm just confused about one thing. It's very helpful. But we knew that the feedlot issue, we kind of thought that marketing delays would be happening, you can see that build up. You still have price mix in Beef up 7% in the quarter. So when these issues, especially the port one that cropped up, was that at the very end of the period? Or was that more evenly spaced throughout the three months?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So let me give you more detail on exactly what happened. So late in May, several of our export customers began telling us that they could not take delivery on their orders. So if you'll remember about that time the cutout was at about $2.60-ish or so, and it felt really toppy to us. And so feeling weakness in the cutout, we made the decision frankly to just resell that product and not take a chance. So we sold it into other markets. And when we look at the price differential between what we had expected to receive and what we ultimately resold it for, it costs us about $84 million. Now I hasten on to say, I'm really glad we did it because looking back, pricing continued to deteriorate all through the month of June and has continued to deteriorate. You saw a little bump at 4th of July, but we didn't have very good sell-through at all at the 4th of July holiday, so the cutout has continued to erode. So I'm glad we don't have an inventory problem to deal with. Our inventory is in great shape. And as soon as these markets can respond, we'll be ready to do that. Maybe even a finer point, so you've got some items – I'll give you like a beef short rib or rib short rib or something like that, they command quite a premium in some of the export markets. And so these items today, though, we're having to roll those into our grinds. And so you can't really see it in the cutout, but that's a significant value decline on items like that. So that's what we're dealing with now. Again, we think this issue is acute and hopefully we'll get on through it throughout this quarter.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Donnie.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, Donnie, maybe just continuing on the last point – upon questioning on Beef, it sounds like the forward view for next year and beyond has not really changed. Is that actually...
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That is correct.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So I wanted to just clear that up. In Prepared Foods, I mean, the margin performance in the quarter was very strong, well above our expectations and I believe the company's, can you help us think about the outlook where you're guiding? It seems like pretty healthy sequential margin decline in the fiscal fourth quarter and next year only at the low end of the range – of the 10% to 12% range despite about $100 million incremental year-over-year synergies. It looks like some healthy year-over-year cost tailwinds. Just help us think through what the spending environment in Prepared Foods that's only getting to low end of that margin range.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So let's start with Q4. So we're launching two new platforms, the Hillshire Snacking and the Ball Park jerky, and we're fully supporting those launches. We're also going to have somewhere between $25 million and $30 million worth of AI impact lingering into Q4, so we'll deal with that. We are increasing net spending for back-to-school in two, three of our categories there. And then we're going to be lower in the price in a couple of categories to make sure that we've managed our price gaps versus our competition to make sure that we stabilize or sustain our growth rates going into 2016. So that's – Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Adam, I'd just add one fine point at Donnie's comment about AI. That's related to the turkey part of our business.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. That's correct. Yeah. Yeah. No leg quarter in Chicken impact there at all, just in Prepared Foods. So that's our Q4. As we go into the fall, we expect to see very good growth in our categories. The categories are very solid. We want to regain some share in a couple, three of our major categories and feel very good about – if you look at this year's average, we'll probably average around 8% on sales in Prepared Foods for the year and then seeing a 200-basis-points-maybe-plus increase next year while growing that business. That feels really good to us.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then maybe just a quick one for Dennis, if I could. Dennis, can you walk us through how to think about the pace of share repurchases and planning just go into the market, no ASRs or anything like that?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. So the way we're thinking about it is we expect to break through our leverage target of 2 times. So we see that as kind of a sweet spot for us to be in the 1.5 times to 2 times net debt-to-EBITDA. So that being said, that allows us to start buying back stocks, so we're going to start this quarter as opposed to next. And we're going to kind of watch that ratio. So that's really kind of govern how much we do each quarter as we go forward, but should be a fairly significant amount.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Farha Aslam of Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could we just switch to Chicken for a moment? You've had a very strong quarter guided up for this year. And going into next year, there's a fair degree of confidence in your guidance despite the weak pricing in dark meat. But your guidance is – previously was at least 9.5%. Is your guidance today a change or pretty consistent with what you were saying before?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, we've tried to stay really consistent at being at or above the top end of the range.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So your guidance hasn't really changed?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So we could expect next year to be another strong year in Chicken?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We think so. Farha, if you think back over the last two years, three years in our Chicken business, we like the way that we balanced our portfolio across the various bird classes. We spend a lot of time adjusting our pricing strategies to be able to reduce volatility and stabilize our margins. We've been able to grow our value-added mix. Our tray pack business is just doing great. We've spent a lot of work and a lot of time and improved our cost structure. I think I said on the last call, we reduced our export exposure on leg quarters by 50% over the last five years and we'll continue to do that in the upcoming year. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we've got an opportunity inside some of our Prepared Foods category to move some dark meat there. So the CapEx that we spend against our business is really paying off and making our plants very efficient. So when you combine all that up, it gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to stay at or above the top end of that range next year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's really helpful. And then in Prepared Foods, this is a bigger, larger business for Tyson. So could you help us understand kind of your amount of marketing spend, you MAP spend, kind of how you're thinking about this for this year and next year, because clearly this is just not a commodity-related margin that we need to just look at. We need to understand how you market these products.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could you share with us how much your marketing expenditures are for this year and going into next year?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Farha, we target a spend about 5% on sales on MAP in our retail brands. That can fluctuate a little bit depending on the timing of innovation, if we're making some price changes and that type of thing. Well, a notable example of that would be this Q4. We're launching two new product lines. We're supporting those with MAP. We're increasing our MAP spend a bit this quarter for back-to-school. So, it'll fluctuate a little bit, but over the year, our target is 5%. And I think it's really important for investors to know that we're going to maintain our investment in brand building. And when a brand is ready for MAP spend we're not going to pull back from the brand-building commitment. And that's why going into 2016, we feel very good about moving from 8% return on sales in Prepared Foods this year up to about 10% plus or so next year, while maintaining a very good growth posture from that point forward. We've got a great innovation pipeline behind these brands that we'll continue to deliver to the marketplace over time. So that's kind of our whole view.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of David Palmer from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. A question on Pork. Obviously you – the Street had your percentage margin in fiscal 3Q higher than where you came out. That shortfall might have been higher for the Street than what you're internally budgeting. But why was that margin down sequentially and from a year ago and you're saying 6% to 8% for 2016, how quickly can you get back within that range? Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think the real change for us we saw more imported pork into the U.S., and frankly into other markets where we ship products. A bit more than we expected, and that caused our Pork margins to be a tad lower than what we thought. As we look at domestic disappearance though, when we look at the availability, you got quite a bit of availability on the domestic market. We think you got a lot of hogs coming to us as we move on into the fall, so we expect that margin to expand a bit. But I'd say the biggest impact on Q3 was probably AU or Canadian or other countries that export into pork markets had a little bit more pork on the market than what we expected.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And how much was Pork, just the input benefit to the Prepared Foods segment itself? Obviously, that's a big segment for the synergies, but if you sort of tease out the implied Pork downstream benefit, how much was that do you think?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: David, repeat that question again? I want to make sure I got it right.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: There's a lot – there's presumably one of the benefits of a pressured pork market might be on the margins you get on Prepared Foods, was that a benefit there?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. We did see improvements in Prepared Foods due to lower raw material costs. However, just a quick reminder, so far our Prepared Foods business still has long-term commitments with other pork producers for our pork raw material. So, we did see a market – pork raw materials are down. It's a benefit through our Prepared Foods business. There's really not been any synergy capture yet from an end-to-end basis, because we'll maintain our commitment to the previous suppliers until those contracts run out and then we'll be able to have an additional synergy coming up. I hope that helps.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: But as we say in the earnings release in the Q, it's $170 million for Q3, $200 million year-to-date.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Just wanted to talk a little bit about within your Chicken business, maybe the profitability of some of the various businesses and kind of – with the pressure on leg quarters and maybe even kind of the big-bird deboning, if you could just sort of talk about the profitability of your various businesses and how you sort of see retail versus foodservice? That would be helpful.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, the foodservice demand – if you look at traffic, traffic is flat to up slightly. But we do feel right now that with gas prices moderating, that will continue through the rest of the year. So, feel better about improved demand at foodservice. In retail, fresh chicken is still a clear winner against very, very high beef prices. Certainly, the increase of pork on the market recently has tamed a little bit of Chicken's growth, but it still feels really good at around 2% or so. At one point, we saw about 3% or so demand growth in Chicken. But the retail growth still feels good. It's relatively priced. It's a very cheap protein for consumers. When we look at our business, we don't – we tried over time to build some internal hedges within our business to where – if we have pricing exposure to parts markets like breast meat or whatever, we try to build into our production plans the ability to offset a good portion of that through purchases on the outside market. That way we don't succumb to the movement of those markets. If you look at our pricing versus the parts market, we don't correlate very well to the breast meat and that type thing. Probably the whole bird market is a better pricing indication of how our business will perform. So, if you look at our small bird business, business is doing great. We've moved to a lot more, what we would call whole body form sales, whether it's eight-piece cut up, at foodservice or at retail rotisserie. Those types of things continue to move the business forward there, it feels good. Tray pack, of course, is doing great. Our big bird business is fine. A lot of what we do is supply raw material through our big bird business into the value-added further processed items at both foodservice and at retail. As I mentioned in my script, in the last four weeks, our retail frozen business is now back up to a 55 share which is where we were before we had our production problems. So, we feel great being able to grow that business. Hopefully, that's a pretty good recap of how we view our segments inside Chicken.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up, I mean, have you done any buy versus grow up with the weakness in leg quarters or is it still a cheaper feed cost more profitable for you to run your plants full out?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely. A big part of our – I'm going to say that this past quarter, we probably bought something on the order of 90 loads of breast meat a week. And what that does is, it allows us, of course, to fulfill the demand in our value-added further processing lines without having a leg quarter to sell. So, it's key to stabilizing our margins. When we build our production plans, we look at forward demand and then balance to the nearest whole bird increment and back that back in to our production plan. Might hasten on to say too that this year our production will be flat. And next year, we do not have a production increase in the plan. And so, we will continue to be able to buy raw material on the market and add value to it without the exposure to the leg quarter. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: I wanted to ask on the Beef division, if you could give us an idea about where you were in terms of capacity utilization. And then, I think you've quantified the resale of the product that was expected to go to a certain export customers that had to be redirected due to the divergence, export, the pork issue, but could you just – is there a way to quantify the lower run rate within your plant in terms of what that might have done to the margin overall?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. If I look at the industry capacity utilization, we're probably on the low 70s and I think that's about where we are. We tend to have our plants in areas where there's a little bit higher concentration in the cattle, so we may be a point or two above that. In terms of quantifying the impact, I can't say – we know when we're running 34s and 36s a week in our plants that does cost us in – it raises the cost in our plant, makes us a lot less efficient. So it does have a cost to us. I don't know that I can quantify that right off the bat, but it does impact margin.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So you would say it's fair to say it's not only the diversion of this product into a less lucrative market, but the lower run rate within your plants that caused the headwind?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Diane, (40:50)
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Both of those came into play in the quarter?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're right. That does have an impact.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And then, just as a quick follow-up. I mean, looking at the inventory report that came out, I guess, two weeks ago, it looks like 2016 is going to be more back-end loaded so as we look to model 2016, you've given some data in terms of like what you think you will be for the full year, but I would guess that the numbers are going to come on stronger in the second half and then really ramp into fiscal 2017, the numbers would indicate sort of mid-single digit increase in fiscal 2017 in terms of cattle supplies. Is that how – are you reading it the same way we are?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, very much so. When we look at the cattle on feed now, the feedlots have slowed turns down, but the cattle are still there. So, they're going to be coming into the market later on this fall, but when you look at calf crop that's building, that's really a latter part of 2016 and then on into 2017 issue. So I think we're modeling it exactly the same way. I would think that if you look out over time and so I'm going to go 2016 over 2015, you're probably looking at 1.5% or so increase in supply. Based on heifer retention we're seeing today kind of feels like something like a 1.5%, 2%, I feel a little bit better than that 2017 over 2016, but it's a little bit early to make that call. But, I certainly think you're right. You've got – it's going to be in the back half of 2016 and then incrementally better in 2017 in terms of beef supply.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks. Hey, Donnie, there's a lot of commentary today on the call and in the press release about bigger supplies, you're talking about it in Beef, particularly more cattle in 2017. And then, in the press release in Chicken, I sensed a little more conservatism or caution regarding supplies maybe exceeding demand. And then, in Pork you're talking about greater hog supplies too, and all this in a context of a much stronger dollar, which I think has kind of a more of a permanent impact on exports. So, I understand all of the benefits of the capacity utilization for Beef and Pork, but is there a concern that a year from now, you might be looking at an environment with a lot of backup of domestic supply because of weaker export and maybe just a much weaker domestic pricing as a result. Is that a concern?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, what we see in 2016, we look at protein availability or the per capita consumption, if you will, of protein up about 2.3%. We think that supplies are backing up here near term. But as we look forward, you've got increased demand for protein on a global basis. As we look at Pork, for example, in 2016, you're probably going to see less pressure from outside markets next year than you saw this year, which should improve Pork demand. If you look at what's happened in China, China has significantly reduced their sow herd. If you look at what day old pigs and pig replacement prices are doing and what Pork is doing, for example, at retail, pork prices and hog prices are increasing in China, which tells us that there's likely to be more demand for pork in China next year than this year. Again, this Beef deal, you've got very record high-price spreads at retail. And I think with the slow growth in the beef herd that we're projecting and call that 1.5%, 2% or so, we think Beef is going to maintain an umbrella, if you will, at premium price, if you will, to the other proteins. By the way, more pork on the domestic market is good news for our Prepared Foods business certainly. And so, the real key is Chicken. And when you look at Chicken, we plan to use our buy versus grow strategy to make sure that the 2% or so in domestic availability that we expect next year that we can buy a lot of that raw material and be able to add value to it and protect our margins and stabilize our margins like we talked about a little earlier in Q&A. So that's really the way we look at the landscape in front of it. And that's what gives us a lot of cause to think. Fundamentally nothing in our 2016 view has changed.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. Okay. One follow-up, the pipeline that you said backed up in Beef and then kind of flow through at a lower price, is that all done or is there still a pipeline, so to speak a product that needs to clear for export?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, the clearing part is over and we basically resold that product into other markets where we could move it. Now the one issue that still lingers which and by the way you wouldn't be able to necessarily see this in the cutout is some of these items like beef plates and rib short ribs, and short ribs, and flap tails, and those kinds of things that normally we have a good sale for into export markets that while demand is down, particularly in Asia, these markets are getting rolled into grind – these items are getting rolled in the grinds. So, that still has an impact on our price realization. The supply situation has continued to linger as feedlots. We looked at the cattle on feed numbers in June to understand they were stretching out their turns. The cattle on feed report in July indicated they continue to stretch out turns. So, there's a near-term squeeze there, if you will, on the supply. But a lot of the demand issues that were very acute are behind us and we think we'll be able to see our price realization increase a little bit over time as some of these export markets begin to equilibrate a bit. Now, the flow off the coast is much improved. Port of LA is great. We're still seeing a little bit of difficulties down in Oakland, but the flow is beginning to get much more normal, if you will, to what we're seeing before these port disruptions.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And drop credits? How are those trending right now?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Drop credit is down and that does affect our margins and a lot of that has to do with – if you want to call the economic impact of the economy slowing down, if you will, a bit in Asia. That will correct over time. We think that – if you look at – and I don't want to get into a whole bunch of detail on drop credit items, but you've got two big categories, your variety meats and then your hides in both of those prices are weak. So we should see that come back over time. I suspect that would be a fairly slow climb out of the hole.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you, Donnie.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning. Can you hear me?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, a couple of questions. One, just semantics, if you're seeing that nothing changed in 2016 and your language was previous to this – that you'd say at least 10% on 2015 numbers. Why not change your language to indicate that 2016 nothing has changed, because you're keeping the same thing of at least 10% growth on top of your long-term growth. Is there something to read into this? I just want to be perfectly clear here.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. It's just early, Ken. I mean, frankly, the situation in Beef has not changed through July. I want to spend a little bit more time looking at that. Hey, I'd like to get this crop in the bin. And so, we typically wait until this next quarter in Q4, before we get more clarity on that. It's just early.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And what are the signs that you can point to over the next 36 months that would either give you more confidence or less confidence in the 2016 outlook?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I feel great about Prepared Foods. And we are lowering prices in a couple of categories and I'm sure looking for the volume response to that. That would continue to give us – that would be the confidence we need there. So, I feel great about that. I feel good about Chicken. We obviously would love to see some of these export bans removed which – third quarter has particularly hurt us a bit in Arkansas. So, I'd love to see that improve. But there, again, that doesn't necessarily change the outlook for 2016. So, it really is this unexpected acute issue in Beef and getting a little bit more clarity on how that's going to turn out. That's the one. Synergy is still great. If you look at the things coming up, we've got, again, great brands and great categories. We're going to have a full year of our new tray pack operation in South Georgia. We've got plenty of fully-cook capacity now to be able to grow both foodservice and retail and fully-cooked. We're going to have plenty of hogs around us. That feels good. Certainly, it will help the raw materials in Prepared Foods. I think beef prices are going to continue to provide an umbrella. I mentioned synergies, we're generating a lot of cash, which gives us a lot of opportunity to pay, buyback stock or invest in the business. So, we've got a lot of things going for us. We just really want to see this beef thing play itself out for another month or two.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And philosophically, as you shift away from commodities and take more of a valuated approach, what would it take for you to just put Beef and Pork on the market, and just say I'd rather just focus on Prepare Foods and Chicken, and that's what we're really trying to shift that portfolio towards.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, if you look at over the very, very long term, we still feel good certainly about Pork in our portfolio. We feel good about having Beef as a long-term business. So, we really look at this thing with a very, very long-term view, and so it still feels good to us for them to be in the portfolio.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So no indication that you'd even think about that?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my last, very last question. Again as you said, we would buy a fairly significant amount of stock. How do I quantify that?
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Again, Ken, the way we're looking at it is we're trying to keep net debt to EBITDA around that 2 times level. So, we de-levered to the point where we're pretty comfortable looking at first and foremost growth through CapEx, organic type of growth expenditures. But then, think about free cash flow. It's $1 billion. It's going to grow over time. So, that's going to – so to the extent we don't do much more deleveraging then it gives us more options in terms of buying back stock and working on dividends too.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tim Ramey of Pivotal Research Group. Your line is open.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. We've talked a lot about the export demand, and I assume that some of these specialty items were big into Korea. Are you just seeing weak economic activity in Korea and so that's backing up through the system for these otherwise high-price, high-value-added items that are now going into grind?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: By and large, that's right. I wouldn't necessarily limit the softness in demand we're seeing just to Korea. There is softness across broader Asia. And as you know, those are great markets for a lot of those items. So, a little bit broader than just Korea.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: And, Donnie, was any of this attributable to kind of the restart of Dakota City or did that really occurred just as expected?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It has occurred as expected. I think we mentioned in our last call that we had some start-up issues that we were working through. That did not – the start-up issues that we worked through in Q3 did not impact earnings beyond what we would have expected them to. All that came as planned. It really was this acute issue of making the decision to get that moving off the West Coast so we wouldn't have to deal with it in even softer markets.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: And just finally on – always good to hear you managed for margin not market share. We love that. But does that mean that at least in maybe the 12 months' outlook there might be an opportunity to kind of trim back capacity utilization or improved capacity utilization by shutting a line here or there?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Tim, we look at a lot of those things constantly in our efforts to manage margins. Too early to say about any potential moves we might have inside the system but certainly we're working through the math on a lot of those issues. And as you know, we get that down to about the fourth decimal point to make that call. So, we're looking at all that, don't see the opportunity yet.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next one is coming from the line of Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, first on Beef, I just want to be clear. So, we all calculate industry margin and based on, obviously, publicly available data, your Beef results underperformed that significantly, I think the first time in like seven or eight years. So, I understand the issue that you explained clearly but what I'm – I just want to understand if it's a company-specific issue like it looks like from the outside. And maybe if you can give us a little more color on what's company-specific, right? So, everything you were saying, the way you were saying it so far, seemed like the rest of the industry should be dealing with those issues too but the numbers that I'm looking at for the industry point to your performance being way worse. So, can you just help me clarify that? What could we be missing? I mean, maybe it's just that the cut out doesn't reflect some of these issues yet, perhaps?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think large – what you just said, Akshay, is largely correct. It's that you wouldn't be able to look at cut out and see the price differences between the revenue that we get from some of these export items and what we then get for it when we roll it into $50s (57:04). So that's part of the issue. I don't know – I don't want to comment on what the industry says or what they may show. But we felt like the right thing to do was to make sure that we didn't have an inventory problem because it felt like to us that going into Memorial Day to feel the cutout getting toppy like we did in Memorial Day, it felt like the right thing for us to do was to resell all that product. Now, that may have hurt us worse than what the cutout or what the industry indices would have indicated but it was the right thing to do for our business. We don't have excess inventory. If you look at Beef inventories, I don't what they're up 20%, 30% or so, ours is not and that feels really good because we'll be able to immediately respond when the market conditions give us an opportunity.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, overall, you'd characterize the beef issue as something impacting the industry equally, right? You've taken some strategic actions which you believe are putting you in a better position but overall this is an issue that everybody in the industry is dealing with. You're not dealing with it more so than anybody else, correct?
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Akshay, I don't know what other people are doing in the industry or how they're dealing with it. I think I can safely say that our market share in Asia is historically pretty large. And so, maybe we were impacted greater because of this issue based on that. But I don't have any comment about how it may be impacting us versus the rest of the industry or whatever. I'm just telling you what happened to our business.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then moving to Prepared Foods, is there any way you can give us a sense of how the businesses are doing on an organic basis. Obviously, you're still going through the first year of the deal. The numbers look good this quarter, but just help me, the way I'm thinking about it is you have $300 million in synergies, right, this year that is going to help in that business. You have now what you've quantified, which is very helpful, $320 million in lower raw material cost. That's a positive $600 million tailwind. And on my numbers your EBIT is increasing couple of hundred million. Now, you're investing a lot. So, can you give me a sense of, one, what's the base business doing like from a growth perspective, market share overall just broadly? And two, can you quantify some of these MAP investments? Give us some sense. Is it $50 million, $100 million, a couple hundred million, and what do you expect from a growth perspective next year to get a return on these investments you're making? Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, hopefully, this perspective will help, Akshay. So, if you look at our categories at retail – by the way, our foodservice business is great. If you look at QSR Mexican and some of the other growth in foodservice, that plays very well into our portfolio. So, we feel great about foodservice demand and our ability to continue to grow that part of our Prepared Foods business. At retail, if you look back over this last quarter, we grew sales in eight of our nine categories and grew share in five of nine. So, if you just look at the category growth, that gives you a good indication of where we are. Now, I can't tell you that in Q3 we lost share in a couple of categories that are meaningful to us. And so in Q4, we're going to reduce the price gap between us and the competition to regain that volume. There's always a balance between managing new gross margin and managing new market share. And so, we're going to reduce those price gaps to maintain our market share because we – or to get some market share back, because we want to go into the fall with a position in the – well positioned in the categories for growth into 2016. So, again, on the Prepared Foods synergies, about 90% of those, so I think you're seeing that right about 90% of those or so are in – of the total synergies are in Prepared Foods. And really what we're doing is just re-rating our cost structure for that business down, and then we'll take advantage of the raw material improvements over next year to have plenty of firepower on our map and to make sure we keep our pricing gap right, so we'll continue to grow the business, all the while, expanding our margins by a couple of hundred basis points over what we did this year. So we feel really good about that.
Operator: And our last question is coming from the line of Brett Hundley from BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, guys. Good morning. And thanks for fitting me in.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Sure.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to ask you a question on Chicken, and get a more – maybe a more definitive sense, Donnie, of where things can fall out for you guys in that business next year, and maybe just how good Chicken can be? You've given a lot of talking points, but I want to understand, is there – in your mind really is a definitive floor at 7% if you can do another 12% next year, I want to understand that range of outcomes just given everything that you talked about, about maybe being a little bit more supply on the market relative to demand, Pork continuing to be an incremental competitor to Chicken at retail, but then your guys instituting buy versus grow, reducing your exposure to leg quarters. I thought it was really interesting. Your comment on dark meat utilization and Prepared Foods and maybe you can give us a sense of whether that can be sizeable or not for you? But anyway, just wanted to understand those different talking points.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Brett, I think you've absolutely got the right list. I'll tell you and I'm probably going to frustrate you a little bit with my answer, I'm sorry, but it's just a little bit too early for us. Really, I'd like to get the crop in the bin before we can get more definitive. But I'm very comfortable saying that in FY 2016, we're going to be at or above the top end of our new 7% to 9% range. For all the reasons you mentioned, reducing our exposure to leg quarters, we've done a great job in balancing and changing our pricing structures to be able to balance our margins and stabilize our margins, while growing the business. We feel great that we've got the portfolio inside of Chicken appropriately sized across all the bird classes. That feels good. And a key component to making 2016 a great year is we're going to have a full year of our new tray pack plant in South Georgia and we got plenty of capacity to be able to grow our retail value-added fully-cooked business and our fully-cooked foodservice business. And we see opportunities for demand to increase there. So, we've got a lot of components that are in our favor. And it's really the combination of the work over the last three or four years to put all of the pieces together to be able to stabilize our margins and then grow the business with that new stabilized margin structure. So, I think you're all there. I feel great about 2016. More details to come on our next call.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then, just lastly, either Donnie or Dennis. Does your M&A desires act as a governor at all on your share repurchase plans? And can you go back over kind of what your landscape looks like across M&A? You've talked about branded before you talked about value-added chicken. I want to be sure, does your M&A plan, do they extend in the packaged foods or is it – are you just looking at protein? So, M&A as the governor on share repo and then just looking at what your landscape is specifically for M&A.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'll start with the M&A as the governor. What we're trying to do is design our capital structure and cash flow and capital allocation in a way that allows us to have kind of the best of both worlds. So, think about generating a billion or more in free cash flow, while investing heavy in organic growth in our existing businesses, but also maintaining a solid investment grade rating and good liquidity and then just as importantly, having quite a bit of incremental debt capacity to make acquisitions. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Donnie to talk about strategy a little bit.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, the M&A strategy is very consistent; value-added poultry, Prepared Foods and at some point, International. And that's our focus. And obviously, we want to continue to grow the branded value-added part of our portfolio to continue to de-risk and de-commoditize our portfolio and make sure that our businesses is very, very consumer centric. So, that's the plan forward. I think Dennis did a great job on the – whether or not that's a governor or not. We don't think of either/or, we think of and.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks, guys.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You bet.
Donald J. Smith - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, thanks – okay. I think that's all the time we have for today. Hey, listen, we're going to stay focused on our long-term growth of delivering at least 10% annual EPS growth over time by growing our value-added in Prepared Foods businesses and supporting our brands to maintain a leadership position. Thanks for joining us today and have a great week.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co. LLC Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now, I would like to hand the call over to your host, Mr. Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the second quarter of the 2015 fiscal year. On today's call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read the news release issued earlier this morning and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. This morning, we will be referring to our second quarter adjusted operating income and EPS. The company uses non-GAAP results such as adjusted EPS, adjusted operating margin and adjusted operating income to provide investors with the better understanding of the company's operating performance by excluding the impact of certain nonrecurring items affecting comparability. Please refer to today's news release for a full reconciliation of our GAAP to adjusted results. As always we'll have a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. To ensure we get to as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and then get back in the queue for any additional questions. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm pleased with our second quarter results. EPS was $0.75 on both an adjusted and a GAAP basis, and adjusting operating margin was 5.5%. Adjusted operating income was a Q2 record and up 53% over the same period last year. We captured $77 million in total synergies during the quarter, bringing the total to a $137 million so far this year. We initially set annual synergy targets of more than $225 million for this year and an excess of $500 million for 2017. Our progress is ahead of schedule and we're optimistic about the synergy opportunity, so we're increasing those targets to more than $250 million this fiscal year, $400 million in 2016, and $600 million in 2017. Now, let's discuss the operating segments, and then I'll come back to the overall outlook. The Prepared Foods segment posted a record adjusting operating margin of 8.4% and record operating income of $157 in the second quarter. Sales volume was up 70.6% with the acquired Hillshire Brands showing increased momentum through strategic pricing, brand building and innovation. These expanded capabilities, our consumer-preferred brand portfolio and a strong growing innovation pipeline will allow us to drive continued growth. We expect to maintain our current earnings trajectory and quickly move towards the new 10% to 12% normalized range indicating the strength and the relevance of the new Tyson 2.0. I'd also like to point out that $70 million of the $77 million of synergy capture in the quarter came in the Prepared Foods segment. Through synergies, we are re-rating the cost structure of our Prepare Foods business and growing the top and the bottom lines. In the Chicken segment for the second quarter, volumes and price were roughly flat compared to Q2 of 2014. The operating margin was 11.7%, and I'd like to point out that segment operating income for the last 12 months exceeded $1 billion. We feel really good about how we've managed our Chicken business, and I think we've positioned ourselves well. We've put our retail value-added poultry business back on track and maintained our position as the number one brand in the country. In fact, IRI four-week data indicate that our market share for frozen breaded chicken is 53.7% which is only a 1 point or 2 point below where we were when the operational challenges occurred last year. Also within the Chicken segment, we've rightsized our small bird and the big bird business is running well. Tyson Fresh Chicken, which is still the number one brand, is outperforming its peers and the volume that will be coming from the plant in South Georgia that we're converting to tray pack is already fully committed. As you're aware, avian influenza in the upper Midwest has affected mostly turkey and table egg flocks. At this point, the primary impact on our business is not from bird health concerns but rather from the loss of export markets for certain states and the resulting excess leg quarters in the domestic market. We've positioned ourselves well over the past several years by reducing our dependency on export leg quarters which now represent only a small percentage of our total portfolio. We have a very good whole bird mix, especially beneficial in times of depressed leg quarter pricing and our buy-versus-growth strategy means that we're not producing leg quarters that aren't sold. We're also fast-tracking innovation to get more dark meat into value-added form at both retail and foodservice. So, we've got plenty of positives to offset the negatives. Our Chicken business is having a great year. Adjusted for the lower leg quarter prices, we're now expecting, in the back half, we expect operating income for the full fiscal year of approximately 11%. In the Beef segment, volume was down slightly with pricing up 9%. Operating margin was negative 0.5%. We knew it'd be a tough quarter for Beef but it was more disappointing than expected. Higher fed cattle cost and lower export volumes due to the West Coast ports slow down made it difficult to pass along increased input cost. The product is moving again out of the West Coast, albeit slower than we hoped and it could take another two to three months to clear. Orders have continued to flow in, which is encouraging for export demand. And also on the second quarter, the start-up of our Dakota City, Nebraska plant following a significant renovation project increased operating cost, but we now have the largest most modern beef facility in the United States. For fiscal 2015, we expect fed cattle supply to be down 5% to 6% from last year. And we think we've experienced the bottom of the beef supply cycle. After this year, we believe we'll see slow incremental improvement in supply. Our Beef segment results should improve in the back half of the year, and while profitable for the year, fiscal 2015 results are expected to be below fiscal 2014. It is important to remember that we'll continue to run our Beef business for margin not market share. In the Pork segment, volume was down 4.4% and sales price was down over 15%; operating margin was 8.2%. Our volume decrease was due to the sale of our Heinold business, and excluding the impact of the divestiture, our sales volume grew 3.2%. Demand for pork has been a little softer than expected as wholesale price declines have not been realized in the retail channel. We expect future activity to improve soon, which should improve pork consumption because a higher percentage of pork is exported than beef, the West Coast port issue had a greater effect on domestic pork supplies. In addition, there are more hogs coming on to the market and coupled with increased weight, pork supply could be up 8% to 10% in the near term. However, we don't think it'll stay at those levels for long because that scenario isn't sustainable. For the rest of the year, we'll continue to maximize revenue relative to the live hog markets through operational efficiencies and mix optimization, and we think the Pork segment will be in the range for the year. In the International segment, volume was down just over 30% due to the sale of our operations in Brazil and continued weak demand in China. Pricing was down 2.7% also due to demand in China as well as currency devaluation in Mexico. Operating margin was a negative 6.8%. Segment operating losses improved following the sale of our Brazilian operations and improved market conditions in Mexico. The sale of our Mexico operations is pending the necessary government approvals and we expect to receive a decision during fiscal 2015. Chicken pricing weakness in China persists although we're starting to see some improvement based on stronger pork pricing. We expect the International segment's adjusted operating loss to improve by about $25 million for the fiscal year. Now, let's take a look at the sales channel information. At retail, Tyson was up 3% in the latest 52 weeks, which is on track with all food and beverage retail sales through the end of March. Not only did eight out of our nine core businesses have positive dollar sales growth in both the latest year and the latest quarter, six of nine had positive dollar share growth. In the total fresh meat and deli universe, dollar sales were up 6% for all fresh meats for the 52 weeks ended March 28. Retail prices were up 19% for ground beef and 16% for whole-muscle cuts, while pork retails were up 14%, and fresh chicken was up 4% indicating continued strong domestic demand for protein. At foodservice, dollar sales were up 3% for all commercial restaurants. The largest growth came in QSR Mexican with dollar sales up 11% in the March-ending year and QSR chicken has the second highest growth rate. Economic conditions for spending are the most favorable in seven years. Unemployment is down, wages are growing, consumer confidence is up, and inflation is in check. Consumers are spending less on fuel, and more on food. Although value consciousness appears to be here to stay, the consumer's ability and willingness to pay for value-added benefit is moving in a direction to afford and support protein innovation in the marketplace. We'll leverage this direction as we continue to deliver relevant innovation with new varieties for Park's Finest hot dogs by Ball Park and Hillshire Farm natural lunchmeat. We'll also be introducing three disruptive innovation platforms in Q4, capitalizing on the snacking and freshness consumer trends with the launches of Hillshire Snacking, Ball Park jerky and Jimmy Dean's simple scrambles. We'll break into new sections of the store with these launches and while still continuing to expand our convenient meal and snacking offerings in frozen chicken. Our Hillshire Snacking launch continues to show success in test market. Within the test, category growth is up 17% with Hillshire responsible for nearly half the growth and especially important to our retail partners, over a third of Hillshire's Snacking dollars are incremental to the category. We're also seeing successful foodservice innovation behind Chef Pierre, Layer Luxe pies, and we're looking forward to launches coming this month within foodservice brands such as Tyson Red Label Chicken, and our expansion of Bistro Collection Desserts. All this puts Tyson Foods in a solid position. Cash flow is strong, giving us options for 2016. If there aren't any strategic acquisitions of interest, we'll invest in our business and buy back stock. Our balanced portfolio, increased synergy capture, and strong momentum in Prepared Foods, coupled with favorable pork raw material costs, give us confidence that we'll achieve our annual guidance of $3.30 to $3.40 adjusted EPS despite near-term challenges. We're very well positioned with sound fundamentals and a solid growth story. Synergy capture is going very well. We're gaining momentum in retail brand as we make rapid progress with the integration. We have advantaged brands in advantaged categories, protein is extremely relevant to today's consumers. According to IRI, 99% of our refrigerated product sales are in categories that are showing positive year-over-year growth. In frozen food, 92% of our products are in categories that are showing growth over last year. We are currently number two among all other major food and beverage companies in terms of dollar sales growth for the 52 weeks ended March 19. And let's not forget foodservice where restaurant traffic is showing growth as consumers benefit from lower gas prices and improved economic conditions. We have a lot going for us and we're comfortable projecting at least 10% adjusted EPS growth in fiscal 2016 which is in keeping with our stated goal. And now let's go to Dennis for the financial update.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was another record quarter as we delivered strong financial results, demonstrating the value of the diversity of our portfolio. Our revenues grew by 10.5% compared to the same period a year ago as we produced our third consecutive $10 billion quarter. Adjusted return on sales for the quarter was 5.5% and adjusted operating income was $553 million, representing a 53% increase over Q2 of 2014. Our adjusted earnings per share of $0.75 this quarter was a record for a second quarter and represents a 25% increase from $0.60 in the comparative period last year. Our rolling four quarter adjusted EPS of $3.14 reached another milestone by surpassing $3 per share and has been consistently growing over the past eight quarters. Operating cash flow through two quarters was $808 million, and we spent $435 million on capital expenditures, which was $139 million greater than depreciation, as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 35.6%. Net debt to EBITDA for the past 12 months was 3.3 times. On a pro forma basis, including Hillshire's results for the past 12 months, net-debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was 2.7 times. Net interest expense was $70 million during the second quarter. Including cash of $223 million, net debt was $7.4 billion. Total liquidity was $1.3 billion, remaining above our goal of $1.2 billion. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were 415 million. The sale of our Mexican operation is pending the necessary government approvals and we expect to receive a decision during fiscal 2015. Subject to completion of the sale, we will use the proceeds to pay down debt. Now here are some thoughts on the remainder of fiscal 2015. Please note our accounting cycle results in a 53-week year in fiscal 2015 as compared to a 52-week year in fiscal 2014. Accordingly, this outlook is based on a 52-week year to make a better year-over-year comparison. We expect revenues of approximately $41 billion for fiscal 2015, which is over 9% growth compared to fiscal 2014. This is driven primarily by a full year of Hillshire Brands offset by a reduction in our International operations. In fiscal 2015, we expect to capture more than $250 million from our Prepared Foods profit improvement initiatives and Hillshire Brands synergies. Net interest expense should approximate $275 million for fiscal 2015. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 35.5%. CapEx is expected to be $900 million, which is approximately $300 million or 50% more than our depreciation as we continue to focus on projects that create long-term shareholder value. By the end of fiscal 2015, we expect net debt to adjusted EBITDA of approximately 2 times. Based on our average share price in Q2, we expect our diluted shares in Q3 to be around 415 million, prior to considering any changes in our stock price, which would impact the dilution from our tangible equity units. Our priorities for the significant cash flows that our operations will generate are for continued rapid deleveraging and strengthening of our balance sheet, a sustained focus on disciplined capital allocation to drive long-term shareholder value, creating incremental debt capacity to fund acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies and return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while maintaining plenty of liquidity. In closing, our Q2 results continue to demonstrate the value of our diversified business model. With the addition of Hillshire valuing up our portfolio along with the synergies we expect to capture, Prepared Foods is expected to finish strong with margins above 8% for the remainder of fiscal 2015. Our Chicken segment has delivered more than $1 billion in operating income over the past 12 months and should produce an operating margin of approximately 11% for fiscal 2015. Although our Beef segment has faced volatile market conditions this year, we believe the worst is behind us. We expect our Beef segment to be profitable in fiscal 2015 but below 2014 results, while our Pork segment is projected to operate in its normalized range for the year. Despite a number of headwinds coming at us, we have a great team which gives me confidence we will deliver strong results in the second half of the year to not only meet our guidance of $3.30 to $3.40 adjusted earnings per share, but also grow EPS by at least 10% in fiscal 2016. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Okay. Our first question is from Ken Goldman [JPMorgan Securities]. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody. I know these are difficult to sort of put into numbers, but you had two headwinds in the quarter, right, avian flu and the West Coast port strike that you said didn't help, right? So, is there any way for us to quantify how much these headwinds maybe hurt margins or EPS in the quarter?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Ken, as we look at – I'm going to combine the both, probably around $20 million for Q2. And as you know, they're continuing to linger, so we're going to have to continue dealing with them over the next quarter or two. But we're hoping that the West Coast port issue should clear up in the next two to three months. There are some ebb and flows that kind of keep us from having all the confidence we'd like to have in that, but figure Q2 at $20 million, and some of that gets pushed into Q3 and on forward.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And that's $20 million to the operating line?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Call it, round numbers, $0.03 a share or something like that.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Perfect. No, I just wanted to make sure it wasn't on the net line. And then I realize not everything is going as well as initially forecast this year, namely beef, but most of the business is doing pretty well and you keep beating consensus estimates, raising synergy targets. So, I guess my question is this, if you had to focus on one reason why you didn't raise guidance today, would beef be the primary reason or is there something else we should be looking at?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, yeah, as we look at Prepared Foods, we'll continue to deliver over 8% in Prepared Foods. Now, there's a couple of categories – by the way, the categories that are showing really good growth where we've given up a little bit of share and we're going to need to reinvest some of the raw materials savings in the back half to regain that share and protect those businesses for the long term. The other categories, it's probably export-related. With the West Coast port slowdown, if we're two to three months from seeing that, then that's going to linger a little bit into Q4, and we're just uncertain as to whether or not our estimate on that is correct. And then, these AI bans we've seen – even as late as last week, we saw a couple of other outbreaks or few more outbreaks of AI up in the upper Midwest in turkey and table egg flocks. And as those outbreaks continue, it continues to push out the time when those AI bans would be lifted. And so, we're predicting a little bit more export leg quarter pricing softness in the back half than what we had thought before. So, hopefully, that sums it up.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It does. Thank you very much.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: By the way, Ken, if we're overly conservative on these issues, then certainly our back half could improve further.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kenneth Zaslow [BMO Capital Markets]. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, I just wanted to explore the Prepared Foods a little bit more. So, you're hitting 8.4% this quarter in margins and I guess the point that you're going to be having to reinvest some of the lower input costs. But how does it not sequentially improve throughout the year as your synergy targets go up? The at least or in excess of 8% seems like it should be in excess of 9% or in excess of 10%, can you help us understand that?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly as we get into 2016, Ken, our expectation is to be rapidly approaching our new projected normalized range of 10% to 12%. And what we're talking about is just the flow of operating income improvement to get to that point. So, with the favorability in raw materials plus what we're going to need to reinvest back in some of these categories, we're going to be over 8% in the back half. If raw materials are a little more favorable than we thought, then certainly that number will improve. But you will see a sequential increase in operating income in our Prepared Foods segment through this fiscal year and then into next.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then going into 2016, the idea that you could get at least 10% growth, can you talk about what are your key assumptions to get you there because it seems again, not that it's a layup but it seems a little bit easier maybe than what you're saying, so I'm just trying to figure out exactly how you're getting to that at least 10% growth in 2016?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So, we'll be in the second year of our synergy capture and as we said a little earlier that's got a little better. So, we see improvements there as we continue to reset the cost structure in Prepared Foods. For the first time in 18 months, we've now got the capacity to increase fully-cooked chicken sales, and this – and next year, 2016, will be the first year where we have an incremental year-over-year ability to have a full-year sale growth in fully-cooked chicken. If we're right, and we're at the – we've seen the trough in the beef supply cycle, then our beef numbers should improve sequentially next year over this. Oh, by the way, back on chicken, we're starting up the trade back plan in South Georgia this month, so we'll have a full year of those results in our number next year. I would think that pork is set up to have a pretty good year next year, and we think that's going to provide good raw material price discourse in our Prepared Foods business. Not to mention the fact we're going to be generating a lot of cash, so we'll get to pay down debt, we'll have opportunities to continue to invest in our business, that type of thing. And again, we've got great brands, and we've got them in great categories that are growing and we'll be using our brand growth to continue to drive this expectation of having stable consistent earnings growth over time.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, is the be at least 10% just a stab to just start there? It sounds like that's – because you got to lap all of these – the $20 million this quarter probably, there's probably going to be $15 million to $20 million next quarter as well, and then you have all of these things. If you let at least 10% just as a starting point and say, hey look, this is in line with our long-term growth targets, it's not really a true projection of where we're going to go, it could be higher than that. Is that a fair statement?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: I can tell you, for us Ken, it's early. But I'm not – no, I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm taking a stab. I mean, we feel comfortable about our ability to deliver 10% EPS growth next year with a lot of reasons to do so but it's hard to get anymore granular than what we've said this early in 2015.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Great. I appreciate it.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Farha Aslam [Stephens, Inc.]. Your line is now open, please proceed.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Just kind of building on Ken's discussion about next year and 10% EPS growth. I think why Ken is focusing in on that because you'll have probably $150 million of incremental synergies next year. So, that's 7% of EPS growth right there. So, perhaps you could just share with us your outlook in to 2016 about the performance of the core business. And clearly, there is concern that, is it only 10% EPS growth because you think that poultry is going to feel pressure from increased pork and beef on the market. Could you just kind of address your 10% EPS growth targets with relation to how your various divisions – how you are expecting them to flow into next year?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, yeah, I'll just break down through segments. So, we would certainly see the opportunity in our Prepared Foods segment to approach our normalized range. In Chicken, at this point, if we project the current soft leg quarter prices into next year, we're still at or above the top end of our normalized range in Chicken. Again, beef should get a little bit better than this year. We think pork will improve next year over this year. So, there's good – we feel comfortable that 2016 is set out to be a very good year for us.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's very helpful. And then just focusing on operations within particularly chicken and Prepared Foods, this quarter your volume in chicken was flat year-over-year, and the market was growing. If you look out into the second half of the year and into 2016, what do you expect Tyson's volume growth to be in chicken? And particularly in your cooked divisions, are all your plants up online?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I'll start at the back and go up. Yes, we have full capacity to produce fully cooked items now. So, we're all up and online. In terms of next year's growth, I'm going to – hey, Farha, it is really, really early, okay?
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Understood.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: But I would say somewhere 1% to 2% sales volume growth, don't know that I would predict any production volume growth. Next year, my guess is we'll do a lot more of buy versus grow, which, by the way, there's some impact in that in the flat volume of this year, because this year we bought about 50% more loads a week as part of buy versus grow program than we did last year. So, we don't have the sales or the volume of the back half those birds, but that's a good thing. So, yes, we will have sales growth next year, and I would predict the revenue growth to outpace the sales growth. But in terms of production, we currently wouldn't see our production up.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adam Samuelson [Goldman Sachs & Co.]. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe shifting a little bit more into the Hillshire pieces, the 20% increase to the 2017 targets. Can you walk through the buckets, the synergy upside, you think it would come from? And along the same lines, if you think about $600 million of synergies, an incremental $350 million off of what you're expecting to realize in 2015, wouldn't you be at that, call it the high end of your 10% to 12% normalized Prepared Foods margin range? (29:56-30:02).
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Adam, you were cutting out just a little bit. I think I got the gist of your question, so if I miss it, please ask a follow-up. But a reminder, our synergies number is all of Prepared Foods. And so, we talked about four primary categories, that being operational improvements, procurement, let's call it logistics, and then some organizational and fiduciary type stuff. But the big three categories where in operational improvements, procurement and manufacturing, and logistics. So, the over delivery so far in the first two quarters has been in the operational improvement, as we've been able – and this by the way primarily, but not exclusively impacted the legacy Prepared Foods Tyson business. We've seen some improvement as we've been able to move some of our product mix between plant to streamline our cost structure, streamline our operational efficiencies, and by the way, get on top with some service issues that we had in Q1. So, we feel great about our ability from this point forward to service our customer. As we go forward, what you'll really see is some improvement in the operations category, more improvement in the logistics and in the purchasing categories over time. And those will – a lot of that becomes what we're calling a reset of our Prepared Foods cost structure. So, as we take that improved cost structure and what we believe will be improved raw materials in Prepared Foods into 2016 along with the great capabilities we have to launch new innovation and multiple levers to adjust our pricing and volume, and trade and MAP spend, we see a great opportunity to have that business up into its normalized range as we move forward.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And Donnie, just on that point, doesn't the incremental $250 million (32:20) from synergies beyond 2015, wouldn't that get you north of 12% or what do you think the new normalized range could actually prove to be conservative?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Adam, it's too early to tell because of what – of some of those types of synergy that we would use to spin back to grow volume in those categories. Remember we've got advantaged brands and advantaged categories. And as these categories are growing, we want to make sure that we maintain strong market share in them to capture the growth as we move forward. So, we'll manage that carefully. And certainly, if there's a way to improve margins, we'll do that, but we feel comfortable now saying that a normalized range of that business should be in the 10% to 12% range.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But it seems like (33:22-33:28) like you're implying about 10% for the chicken in the second half of the fiscal year? A, is that accurate? And B, is it (33:35)?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Adam, I'm sorry. I didn't catch 10% – I caught 10% of your message which was the word ten percent, I'm not sure.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: The second half chicken margins, it seems (33:51-34:00)?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, Adam. Operator, we'll follow-up Adam – I'm sorry, we just can't – we just can't get the question.
Operator: Yes, sir. Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Piken [Cleveland Research Co.]. Your line is now open, please proceed.
Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah, good morning. Just wanted to touch base with you on the chicken and just sort of get your view on kind of how we should be interpreting some of the recent pullet data? And specifically, your thoughts on how much of the boiler eggs are going to Mexico versus in the past and how much you think is staying here?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Michael. So, we're seeing about around number 7% growth in pullets. We think about 3% of that's going to Mexico, probably 8% of that is getting spent back to lower the hen age which leaves about 3% as the growth in the actual breeder flock. And by the way, so far year-to-date – I'm just look at fresh retail but obviously we've got great opportunities in foodservice. You're seeing growth there as well. But demand for chicken at – fresh chicken at retail just using a category that we can get numbers around is up about 3%, 3.5% versus a year ago. So, there is good, strong demand growth, and we think that will continue because we don't really see beef pricing halo changing. There's ample opportunities particularly at retail to drive a lot more pork volume and not hurt chicken volume at all. So, we see a very favorable environment coming out of this year and going into 2016 in terms of demand.
Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Terrific. That's really helpful. And then, I guess kind of following up on that. I mean, I know you talked a little bit about some of the issues with the ports and pork's reliance on exports. But it seems like with all these lower-cost hogs available, it would seem like maybe projecting into 2016 that there might be some incremental margin opportunities in pork with all that excess supply in your plants (36:08) higher utilization rates. So, how should we sort of think net-net about kind of the increase in pork supplies over your entire business? It sounds like you think there's enough demand out there to support the increased pork and chicken?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Certainly that is a favorable environment for our business. I would probably be a lot more comfortable talking about the impact to our pork margins overall a quarter from now, when we've seen some of this export West Coast port issue get resolved. And you'll start seeing freight flow more traditionally than what it has over the last 90 days to 120 days of course. So, we'll feel better about having a lot better commentary, more specific commentary about that on our next quarter but certainly the environment is set up well for our Pork business. And again, on the chicken demand, we see strong chicken demand at least through next year and I think carrying on because – and a good reason for that is as the millennials enter the marketplace, they over-index to chicken. And so, we think you're going to see good strong chicken growth and we also think you're going to see that beef halo continue; all that sets up very well for our business.
Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Terrific. And then lastly, if you could give us any sort of quantification on how much of a raw material benefit you might expect in the back half of the year in Prepared Foods from lower commodity prices, recognizing that you are investing more into the brands. Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, let me quantify that this way. The pork cutout is down about 40% versus a year ago and the items within the cutout that are showing the most weakness are the further processing items. So, if you look at those hams, bellies, trim, those are the items that have shown the most weakness. And certainly, that's favorable for our Prepared Foods business. So, hopefully, that gives you enough color around – now, one thing to add, we do over-index a little bit versus our competitors on beef because – our hotdog business and others, a couple of other businesses in our portfolio. But still, this weakness in the pork cutout, particularly among the grinding meat, is very favorable for our business.
Michael L. Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Moskow [Credit Suisse]. Your line is now open, please proceed.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, Thanks. Donnie, I was wondering if I could ask you just to go a little bit deeper on the incremental step up next year on the synergies in Prepared Foods. You said it's logistic savings and a reset of the cost structure in Prepared Foods. But I guess I'm still a little unclear as to what that really means. I mean is it a function of procuring raw materials from your internal supplies that is something that you're not doing now but you plan to do next year? Is there something else happening in terms of new processes, or are you taking more steps in your supply chain footprint? Can you go a level deeper for us?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. It's not in buying raw materials or moving raw materials within the portfolio, because none of that is factored in. The big improvements are this: as we've been able to combine the footprint – if you'll think back, we had a lot of latent capacity in the Tyson Prepared Foods footprint, and when we bought Hillshire we had a perfect opportunity to then take all of that latent capacity out of the system and run more volume – by the way, more branded not private label volume, through a smaller footprint and lower our cost structure. There're still some opportunities now to go through those facilities and increase efficiencies. Remember, some of them are running new products they've not run before, so we'll see incremental benefits as we continue to work on continuous improvement and operational efficiencies in those plants. And that will re-rate our cost structure, and then that lower cost structure, obviously, will be selling a lot more branded items than it was before, which is the big move in the Prepared Foods' normalized range from where we were up into that 10% to 12% range.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. I think I get it. And as far as new products, you mentioned the snacking platform. Hillshire also introduced a frozen platform. Are those platforms going to be running through legacy Tyson plants, and if so, can you give us a little update on how well the frozen one is doing? I saw it on shelf. Is it doing okay?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, overall, very well. The sandwich items probably didn't have the pull that we wanted them to. So, what we're doing is focusing that launch on the – there was a 16-item launch that might have been a little much, so we're concentrating that launch down to those items that are going to give us the best growth opportunities forward. The bowls – if you remember, we had sandwiches and we had bowls, the bowls are doing great. We still think, by the way, that that will be one of the best launches of the year. So, we feel good about it. It's not exactly like what we thought it would be, but still, we've been able to manage it to a point it's going to do very well. And we're very optimistic about the platform launches that we have. By the way, back to the Hillshire platform, both the Naturals and the Classics are going very, very well, driving great incremental growth to the categories. We feel super about all of the innovation that we've launched and then what we will be launching in new categories in Q4.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Akshay Jagdale [KeyBanc Capital Markets]. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, I wanted to continue on the Prepared Foods. You're doing really well obviously on the cost side. I wanted to focus on the revenue side. Can you tell us what the organic growth was this quarter in Prepared Foods if you exclude the acquisition impact? What was, like, organic growth?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: I can tell you that both the legacy Prepared Foods business and let's call it the legacy Hillshire business, just for clarity, both were over plan on both volume and on operating income. So, we feel very good about how the Prepared Foods business is performing.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And just on innovation and more so broadly on reinvesting these cost savings into future growth, can you give us a little bit more color on the innovation pipeline? It was helpful that you'd talked about the lunch – launch into lunch, if I may, sandwiches, and that it didn't go as well as planned. Can you give us some more sort of broader and longer-term view on innovation because from what I remember one of the best parts about this acquisition was the R&D innovation team at Hillshire feeling much better about their prospects as part of Tyson. So, can you give us an update on that?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. It's been exciting to see both of the R&D teams come together combined with all of the innovation and business unit/teams come together and find a lot of opportunities between foodservice and retail to be able to grow our business through innovation. One of the primary tools that we use to measure whether or not we've got enough innovation in the pipeline is what we call a vitality index. What we do is we look at products that were created over the last three years and we determine our percentage of revenue that comes from these new products. So for 2015, we're expecting retail to be at about 14% vitality index. And, by the way, that's in the best in class range. And for food service, we're currently expecting more than 20%. So, these are very aggressive goals but we have a great team that continues to focus on looking at insights and create innovative solutions to fill the consumer gap so that we're always relevant. We know we're in relevant categories. In this way we know we've got relevant innovation inside those categories.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just one last one on chicken, just broadly speaking, longer term, is it your contention that the industry is not cyclical anymore? I mean, obviously, historically, the industry would over supply the market and margins would flip around within a year. It's not been the case this time around. It looks like that process might be starting now but you're saying it's not going to impact you in 2016. So, can you just talk a little bit broadly about do you think the industry is not cyclical anymore? If so, why? And if it is cyclical, when the cycle does turn, when the industry will overproduce which, I guess, none of us really know when that'll happen. Do you still believe you can grow EPS 10% when that happens? Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Akshay. So, we're certainly working very hard not to be cyclical. That's our whole path forward. So, if you look at our business and you look at, over the last two or three years, our improvement in our sales mix – by the way, even with the operational issues we had in our fully cooked retail chicken business, our branded chicken business, we're back to within a share point or two of where we were before that happened, so that the Tyson brand at retail is very meaningful, is very resilient, and we think it's got lots of opportunities to continue to grow. We've got a great, broad portfolio. We've got a great innovation pipeline, and by the way, new and improved innovative capability for the future. We've seen a lot of operational improvements. We've got plenty of cash flow to do whatever CapEx we need to do as illustrated by taking a South Georgia plant, and taking it from an unprofitable product mix into one of our most profitable categories, our fresh tray pack business. So, those are all – those are some of the things that we're doing to decrease our cyclicality to give our investors a consistent, stable earnings growth over time. And, yes, we do believe we can see 10% growth.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Well, what about the industry? What's your view on the industry?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: We spend all of our time, Akshay, focusing on what we're going to do. And if you'll remember, we put a forward demand picture out 12 months to 15 months. And then we built a production plan based on that demand curve so that we know how we can manage our business and our production. That keeps us in a position to buy versus grow. So, in a period of increased industry supply, then we'll simply buy that raw material, add value to it, and as long as we're focusing on the customer and growing our value-added sales, we've got a great footprint to do that within. By the way, we have plenty of value-added capacity over the next year too. So, we're very comfortable that in the scenarios that we can paint forward, we've got a great outlook.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brett Hundley [BB&T Capital Markets]. Your line is now open, please proceed.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Donnie, I want to stay on the topic actually and maybe ask Akshay's question a different way as well. When you think about your strategy in chicken, specifically buy versus grow, can you discuss the level that you're comfortable taking your portfolio as far as buy versus grow as a percentage of your portfolio? And as the chicken cycle potentially slides off here in coming periods, I think there's more of a view today that we could see a slide instead of that sharp fall-off that we've traditionally seen across the industry. As the chicken cycle potentially slides off or in that type of scenario, is Tyson's Chicken business equipped to return margin in line with kind of what you're looking for today, 11% or so?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, if I understood the question right on the front-end, we think we've got the opportunity depending on the part that we're buying. To buy up to as much as 10% of our sales, so – or the product that would go into our sales. So, we feel very good about the flexibility that we have within our network to manage buy versus grow. If you remember a couple of quarters ago, I think, Dennis, when we raised our normalized range in chicken...
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: ...and certainly we've had great favorability in the marketplace for this year, it's certainly our intention to continue raising our margin expectations. And with the work we've done, to balance our portfolio across the various bird classes, increasing our value-added sales, right-sizing our small bird business. We under-indexed big bird, but that's fine for us because there's a lot of that product available on the marketplace to buy. We have great Tyson brands. We're number one at frozen retail, number one in frozen snack and chicken, we're number one in fresh tray pack, number in IQF, number one in Cornish. So, we've got a great brand presence in categories that are very meaningful to consumers. So, that gives us the confidence to be able to look at our business forward and feel very good about our ability to deliver.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then my second question is kind of two-part here: one near term; and one longer term, higher level. First, starting with the question on your Beef business, you mentioned at the outset that results were softer than expected in a tough environment. And surely, when we look at your outperformance relative to beef industry margin that we calculate, your outperformance that we've traditionally seen has come in a little bit during the quarter. And you mentioned a couple of different things with the West Coast port and then your plant in Dakota. Can you give us a sense of what percentage of the impact was from Dakota and maybe how long that would be expected to last? You gave some assumptions on the port clearance but can you talk a little bit more about your beef plant there? And then longer term and somewhat related, how important and necessary is it for you, Donnie, and your team to remain a multi-protein company, offering everything that you do today? Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, if I look at the impact of our Dakota City start-up to the rest of – well, to our Q2 results, let's see, if I think about our index, it may have been about, I don't know, 40% to 45% of the change in how our index performed versus where we had been performing in the previous couple of quarters. And remember, in that quarter, cattle supplies were very, very tight, so that – well, we had a huge capital investment. We needed to start the plan-up. So, we did it. But we started to plan up in the quarter when we probably had the lowest cattle supply, so that didn't help matters any. But the good news is the plant started up fine. We're working through the start-up issues on Q3, and it will help give us access to bigger cattle, which was what the whole process was all about. So, yes, that had an impact. As we look forward, we think it's very important that we have a presence in the whole broad array of meat protein and as you know in our portfolio, some non-protein items that are very complementary to protein. So, yeah, you should expect us to continue to have that in the portfolio.
Brett Michael Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks, Donnie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Diane Geissler [CLSA]. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah, I had a question about your comments on buy versus grow and just wanted to make sure I understood them. So, you said you had the capability of buying up to 10% of your sales on the outside market.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: For that part, I'm sorry. For that part. So, if it's breast meat, we can buy about 10% of the breast meat that we sell and run it through our plants.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So, just thinking forward, I mean, obviously, I think it's pretty clear to everybody that we're moving through a period where there's going to be significantly more production, whether or not you think 3% of the eggs are going to Mexico, or whatever that percentage is. You raised your expectations for total poultry availability this year from the time you reported your last quarter. So I guess, the question that I think the investors are often asking me, so how should we think about buy versus grow? Pretty clear you've probably been raising most of your own sales here recently, but as you look into the second half of 2015 and into 2016, can you talk about what your production plans are versus the industry to help give us a better idea about how exposed you're going to be to leg quarter prices here going forward, and how exposed you will be to the boneless, skinless breast meat price as we move to the summer and into 2016?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. For the year, our production this year versus last will be flat. We've been up a little bit in the front half of the year. And after July 4, our production will be declining versus year-over-year. So, for the total fiscal year, our production volume will be flat, which, by the way, to your point, does reduce risk of export vulnerability and that type of thing. Of course, let me hasten on to add, because I don't think I've mentioned this before, and I think it's really important. Over the last three years, we've reduced the amount of export leg quarters we sell every bit of 30%. And if you go back to probably fiscal 2010, sometime in right 2009, fiscal 2010 we're probably down in half. So, we feel very good about – and these are the things that we're doing to provide a more consistent, stable return that grows over time. And so, we feel very good about our ability to maintain production flexibility and to improve our mix.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: And then in 2016?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: I think – hey, I think our production will be basically flat in 2016. We think we'll be buying more raw material in 2016 than we do this year. And by the way, we're up 50% this year over last year. We think our sales volume will be up. I think I mentioned earlier about 1% or 2%. Our dollar sales will be up a little bit higher than that. But feel very comfortable that we can buy the raw material we need and add value to it – sorry, add value to it and be able to maintain our margin structure.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And then I wanted to ask about the cash priorities which are pretty consistent period to period in terms of your list of items that you're spending your cash on. But I wanted to ask about share repo which – I'm generally not a big fan of share repo. But I think there's a big disconnect between the sell side recommending your stock and you seeming very confident in your ability to generate 10%-plus EPS growth. And the buy side, just if you look at kind of the fact that the stock has not done much over the last 12 months. Given your level of confidence in your ability to increase earnings 10% from here on out, why is share repo not sort of higher on that list of priorities if you really feel that your shares are kind of undervalued?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Great question, Diane. But remember, it's important for us to maintain an investment-grade rating. And so, what we're trying to do is get down below a net-to-debt-to-EBITDA of about 2 times, and we think kind of the sweet spot for us would be in that 1.5 times to 2 times area. So, when we get there, then, drawing off $1 billion and growing in free cash flow, that opens up the door for returning cash to shareholders in the absence of major growth opportunities. Now, I would hurry on to say that growing is, first and foremost, most important to us. But that being said, certainly we can start buying back stock at that time. I would see that as an opportunity at the start of 2016, which should be a good time to get started at the rate we're running.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So, you think you'd be sub 2 times by the end of this fiscal year?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Diane R. Geissler - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, terrific. Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Palmer [RBC Capital Markets]. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. At your Analyst Day, you mentioned that you believe Tyson's Chicken segment margin would be 5% if the industry margin were to go to zero. Were you implying that 5% would be your best thinking for a worst-case margin for that segment? How did you arrive at those numbers? Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, what we did is we just looked at our incremental improvement over the last four or five years in relative benchmarking services. The real point I think looking forward is we feel great about where our business is. Yes, we benchmark ourselves consistently, but for next year, we think we'll be at or above the upper end of our range, and our guys are running a great chicken business.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: When you think about the export bans, typically – I don't know how many case studies there are or similar situations. How fast do those bans lift typically after an avian flu issue subsides?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Typically, and I'm emphasizing typically, 60 days, probably more likely 90 days. And so, for us Arkansas has been hit a little bit more than the other states because of our production footprint. And we saw a AI event in Arkansas early in the first week of March. But as we continue – those countries that banned the United States and not on a state-by-state basis, as you continue to see AI accessions in turkey and table egg flocks in the northern Midwest, you can pretty well figure a timeline no sooner than 60 days to 90 days out front before the ban will be lifted.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then one last one – removing human antibiotics seems to be a restaurant industry move, at least, that will play out probably through the end of 2016 if you're using McDonald's as an indicator. What does this mean? Will this be the new price to play for the foodservice side and perhaps increasingly in the supermarket side? What ultimately will this mean for your Chicken segment margins over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: David, it really won't have a margin impact. Our view is that by eliminating non – by eliminating the human-used antibiotics out of our poultry production by September of 2017, that is the most reasonable and responsible approach to balancing a global health concern about antibiotic resistance with our core value of taking care of the welfare of the animals that are entrusted to us. So, that was the impetus about what we're doing. It wasn't necessarily in reaction to anything any customers were doing. It was a matter of, we've been working on this effort for several years. We've reduced human-used antibiotics in our supply chain by over 80% in the last four years. And we now think we can see a point in the future, a couple of years from now, when we can not have to use human-used antibiotics in the poultry production. But I don't think – but back to the original point, it will not have a material impact on our cost.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Tiberio [Miller Tabak]. Your line is now open, please proceed.
Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co. LLC: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I guess, moving beyond some of the near-term export challenges, I wanted to get your thinking about, I guess, your medium-term global poultry or chicken demand growth. One of your global peers in Brazil recently stated that they felt that supply growth within Brazil, unlike the U.S., was still fairly benign. And I guess looking out in just 2016, if we're not seeing the supply growth come back as quickly from one of your global export competitors, do you think that this could actually create maybe a release valve or a window of opportunity if we can get past some of these export bans?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, certainly that would be a favorable development. As we look forward, we think protein demand globally is going to continue to grow at about 2% year, maybe just a tad under that. We think chicken probably outpaces the other proteins just because it's the most efficient converter of feed into meat. That could be a headwind – so, there's still time for that dynamic to change so it's a little bit too early for us to call it, but certainly that being the case, that would be helpful to the back half of our 2016 year.
Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co. LLC: Great. And just lastly, USDA mentioned that they're starting, I guess, testing within animals for the potential vaccine for the AI strain. I know it's very difficult to handicap at this point, but I guess, have you had initial conversations with USDA and FDA? I would assume, and do you have a high confidence level that we could get that into production potentially before we start seeing the southern migratory path of some of the wild waterfowls which I guess has really been the issue with the spread of AI this year?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: It's really too soon to say, Tim. We've got lots of contacts in what I will call animal pharma that we work with and it's just too early to say whether or not we'll have an effective vaccine.
Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Tim Ramey [Pivotal Research Group]. Your line is now open, please proceed.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Thanks so much. Just a little bit of a follow-up on the last question, but Donnie, it's been a spectacular couple of years, but it wasn't spectacular for some of the reasons we thought it would be, which kind of relates back to the feeding the world, growing middle class where we are going to see more protein demand globally. I mean, do you kind of think that's just demand deferred or is that demand denied? Is that still part of the long-term story here?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I really think it is. As we look across the globe, you've got economies in some of the key growth areas that have slowed down maybe more than we hear about. And so I think that demand growth is temporary, as we continue to look, and we've spent a lot of time over the last several months looking at population growth, income growth, those regions of the countries where that will happen, how much of the growth in food consumption, and how much of the growth in value-added food consumption is going to happen outside of the U.S., and it is significant over the next several years. So, yeah, I think maybe near-term, we've seen a little unexpected softness. But I think as we look out about three or four or five years from now, we'll look back on this time as a small dip in a period of time where we still saw about 2% consumption growth in protein worldwide.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Great. And then just on food service, wondering if you're seeing any mix change in reaction to perhaps limited supply of liquid eggs, or the beef supply being so difficult. QSRs, is there incremental shift in kind of what the menu looks like?
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: We think that, of course, 50s have been pretty soft, but 90s have remained very, very high. So, we think as we – and it seems to us that the cutout is shifting a bit, and you've seen 50s prices firm back up. So, as we look at that, what we think that's going to do is drive incremental growth particularly at QSR in chicken. We also are seeing, fortunately, and because the QSR Mexican category is growing the most – so, QSR Chicken's probably up 8%, QSR Mexican is up 11%. And QSR Mexican favors our portfolio in a couple of ways. It uses dark meat, and it also is a pretty heavy user of protease, so that's good for our business, too. So, as we look at the trend going through the summer, we feel very good about it being favorable to our business.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Excellent. Thanks.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Donald J. Smith - President & Chief Executive Officer: So, before we go, I'd like to say again that we are building momentum at Prepared Foods. We're capturing synergies, and we're transitioning to a less volatile, higher-return business that gives us the confidence that we'll achieve our annual guidance of $3.30 to $3.40 adjusted EPS this year and at least 10% EPS growth next year. Thanks for your time today and have a great week.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President, Investor Relations Donnie Smith - President and CEO Dennis Leatherby - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Tim Ramey - Pivotal Research Farha Aslam - Stephens Brett Hundley - BB&T Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak Diane Geissler - CLSA Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect. All lines have been placed on listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] And now, I’d like to turn conference over to Mr. Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods conference call for the First Quarter of the 2015 Fiscal Year. On today's call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. Following our prepared remarks we’ll go to Q&A. To ensure we get to as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and then get back in the queue for any additional questions. Because our Annual Meeting of Shareholders takes place this morning, we will need to stay on schedule by ending Q&A at the top of the hour. We hope to get to all of your questions, but we will have to put a hard stop on the call to get to the Shareholders Meeting on time. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks Jon. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. Q1 was another great quarter with adjusted earnings of $0.77 a share. Sales were a record $10.8 billion, up 23% from last year. Adjusted operating income was a record $564 million, which is a 37% improvement year-over-year. Our overall adjusted operating margin was 5.2% and we reduced debt by $650 million in the quarter. We realized $60 million of synergies in Q1 and we are on pace to exceed $225 million in synergies for the fiscal year in operational improvements, procurements, manufacturing and logistics, and organizational change. We are off to a fast start and we are confident in our ability to achieve at least the $500 million target set for the end of fiscal 2017. Let’s take a look at the operating segment. In Q1, the Chicken segment reporter a record 12.6% return on sales with volume up 3.1% and average pricing up 1.5%. Industry dollar growth for retail fresh chicken was up 8% and our growth was in step with the overall strong industry growth. We maintained the number one branded share in fresh, individually frozen and Cornish chicken, and demand is very strong especially for fresh tray pack. In fact, we are still short of supply in tray pack. Now the food service industry saw much needed growth in our fiscal Q1 and I am pleased to say that, Tyson’s chicken sales growth in food service was more than double that of the restaurant industry on a sale dollar basis. The production issues in two of our value added chicken plants last year are resolved and all of our lines are operational. We are now working to build the pipeline and fulfill the pent-up demand. By the end of Q1 we had regained a little over 2 share points and we will continue to expand our distribution and regain the loss share in Tyson’s frozen cooked chicken. USDA indicates an increase in production of 3% this fiscal year. Although, other more recent data might indicate a greater increase in supply, we believe demand will more than keep pace with a strong demand, a shift to a more profitable mix, strong pricing and increased further processing capacity, we now think our return on sales will be above 11% for the remainder of the year. There looks to be more chicken supply coming in 2016 as well and we are working on plans to capitalize on it. We created our buy versus growth strategy for this scenario and we will see it -- and we see it as an opportunity to value up. The Beef segment was just under breakeven for the quarter. Volume was down 3.7% with average pricing up nearly 21%, continued record high beef prices at retail has caused a shift in consumption away from beef towards other proteins leading to margin compression in our Beef business. Despite marginal losses, we improved our position relative to industry indexes. We have adjusted our slaughter to recover margins and have already seen improvement in Q2. However, the segment will continue to be challenged in the quarter. I’ll hurry on to say that the pressure in our Beef segment has been more than offset by benefits we see from the balance of our portfolio. Our Pork segment had a 7.9% return on sales in the first quarter. Volume was up 1%, while average pricing increased 7% indicating strong demand. We expect further recovery from the PED virus and expect industry hog supplies to increase around 2% to 3% in fiscal ‘15. It should be another good year for the pork segment and we expect results similar to last years. International segment have an operating loss of $14 million, which was half of the loss compared to Q1 of ’14. The sale of our business in Brazil was finalized in Q1 and we expect the sale of our Mexico assets to be completed by the end of March. There is still a tough demand environment in China. Port pricing has been pressured which also effects chicken. Wholesale poultry prices are down 10% since September and are now only about 2% above the trough we saw back in January of ’14. We will continue in a holding pattern with our operations in China as we await for the demand to improve. Regarding our International export, lower pricing has essentially offset the appreciation in the U.S. dollar allowing us to maintain our volume so far this year. Our primary concern about exports is coming from ongoing interruptions at West Coast ports, which is pressuring logistics that could eventually affect livestock producers if the situation isn’t resolved soon. Now moving on to Prepared Foods, the segment had an adjusted 5.2% return on sales for the first quarter. With the Hillshire Brands integration, volume was up nearly 90% and average pricing was up 24%. On a pro forma basis, we had an unfavorable input cost impact of $83 million, largely offset by synergy capture in pricing. We have streamlined our operation in Prepared Foods by closing plants, improving capacity utilization, as we continued to tightly manage costs, invest in our brands and drive our growth agenda. The integration is going very well and it didn’t take us long to realize that we are much stronger together. Let’s use category captaincies as an example, strategic retail customers see the benefit of leveraging our products, capabilities and expertise to grow their business and since combining Tyson and Hillshire, we have added 11 category captaincies for a total of 76, indicating our customers trust our insights and partnership in leading category growth decisions. So in terms of macro trends affecting the industry, I would like to address our perspective on the consumer marketplace and how we are capitalizing on shifting demand to grow our business and our customers businesses. In the past quarter, consumer confidence, lower gas prices and unemployment data were tailwinds that we expect will continue to favor foods spending in the New Year. But pressures like long-term unemployment and limited wage growth still away on a lot of people. We will talk about this situation before as the bifurcated consumer or the barbell economy and it factors into consumer spending habits, which in part drive our innovation agenda. We continue to see consumers moving from red meat to poultry and 68% say the cost of red meat is the reason their making the shift. However, beef prices have remained at record level because demand has been so strong among people who can afford it. Chicken is the only protein to grow annual consumption during the past four years. Lower fuel prices appear to have benefit food purchases, both at grocery and food service mainly at QSR and casual dining, which saw traffic growth in our Q1 for the first time since the recession. There are also positive growths in on-site food service such as lodging, deli and healthcare, where we have a strong presence. If oil gas prices continue into the summer, food service could see even more recovery. Our innovation pipeline is grounded in a strong understanding of these market dynamics coupled with deep consumer insights. As you heard at Investor Day, we are gearing up for two new product platform launches for the back half of the year, Hillshire Snacking and Ballpark jerky. This is an addition to our ongoing new product news that happens throughout the year. We grew dollar sales in eight of nine tracked categories in Q1 behind pricing, but also supported by strong distribution and new products. We will continue to build on this momentum with our advantage portfolio through brand building and innovation. We have a lot to be excited about Tyson Foods, Q1 was a great quarter. While I don’t expect the second quarter to be as good as Q1, because it’s typically our most difficult, I do expect it to be better than Q2 of last year. We are reiterating our guidance of adjusted earnings in the range of $3.30 to $3.40 a share with results weighted towards the back half of the year. We have a balanced, diversified business model and a focus growth agenda that give me confidence that not only can we handle whatever challenges are ahead, we are going to thrive. And now, let’s go to Dennis, for the financial updates.
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. This morning I will be referring to our first quarter adjusted operating income and EPS. Please refer to our press release issued earlier this morning for a full reconciliation of our GAAP to adjusted results. Fiscal 2015 is off to a great start. With record sales, operating income and operating cash flows, we were able to reduced debt by $650 million. First quarter revenues were $10.8 billion, representing over 23% growth compared to a year ago as we continue to execute our growth strategy, as evidenced by increased sales of Chicken, Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods. Total company adjusted return on sales for the quarter was 5.2% and adjusted operating income was $534 million, representing a 37% increase over Q1 of ’14. Our adjusted earnings of $0.77 per share, represents a 7% increase over a strong comparative period a year ago. We had record operating cash flow for the first quarter at $812 million and we spend $231 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $83 million, as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 28.8%. On an adjusted basis, this rate was 34.8%. Net debt to EBITDA for the past 12 months was 3.5 times and on a gross debt to EBITDA basis, this measure was 3.7 times. On a pro forma basis, including Hillshire's results for the past 12 months, net debt to EBITDA was 2.7 times on an adjusted basis. Including cash of $381 million, net debt was $7.1 billion. Total liquidity was just over $1.6 billion, remaining above our goal of $1.2 billion. Net interest expense was $75 million during the first quarter. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were $416 million. As Donnie pointed out, we closed on the sale of our Brazil Chicken operations during the first quarter. As a result of the sale, we received proceeds of $130 million, with additional proceeds expected in the second quarter relating to the working capital adjustment. The sale of our Mexico operations is expected to close in the second quarter. Now looking forward, here are some additional thoughts on 2015. Please note our accounting cycle results in a 53-week year in fiscal ’15, as compared to a 52-week year in fiscal 2014. Accordingly, this outlook is based on a 52-week year to make a better year-over-year comparisons. We expect revenues of approximately $42 billion for fiscal 2015, which is 12% growth over fiscal 2014. This was driven primarily by a full year of Hillshire brands’ results, offset by a reduction from the sale of our Brazil and Mexico Chicken operations. We expect to capture more than $225 million in fiscal ‘15 from our Prepared Foods’ profit improvement initiatives and Hillshire brand synergies. Net interest expense should approximate $280 million for fiscal 2015. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 35.5%. CapEx is expected to be $900 million, which represents approximately $300 million or 50% more than our depreciation expense, as we continue to focus on projects that will create long-term shareholder value. Based on our average share price in Q1, we expect our diluted shares in Q2 to remain around $416 million, prior to considering any further changes in our stock price, which would impact the dilution from our tangible equity units. Our priorities for the significant cash flows that our operations will continue to generate are for rapid deleveraging and strengthening our balance sheet, a continued focus on disciplined capital allocation to drive long-term shareholder value and debt capacity to fund acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies and to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while ensuring we maintain plenty of liquidity. We have a lot of momentum going in fiscal ’15, with the addition of the Hillshire business team. We are pleased with our first quarter results, delivering 7% EPS growth over Q1 of fiscal ’14. Our Q2 should beat last year but likely will be less than Q1, due to a typical seasonality and the third and fourth quarters are expected to be really strong. As we continue to capture synergies from combining two great businesses, we are confident we will deliver adjusted EPS within our range of $3.30 to $3.40 for fiscal 15, which represents an increase of over 12%, compared to fiscal 2014. This concludes our prepared remarks. Jane we are ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
David Palmer: Good morning, guys.
Donnie Smith: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning.
David Palmer: You noted that chicken margins are expected to be above 11% for the remainder of the year and we've seen what's going on with supply growth. It seems to be inching up a little bit. What gives you confidence in that Chicken segment guidance?
Donnie Smith: So, David, so we modeled our ’15, Chicken performance using several models and I’m very confident in our ability to deliver’15. So if you take advantage -- if you look at not only our brand leadership in fully cooked and in the fresh, I have and Cornish categories at retail, plus our leadership in food service. We’ve got a great broad balance portfolio. On top of that, we’ve made a lot of improvements in our sales mix. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we’ve got great growth in tray pack. We are going to have the FT capacity in place to be able to take advantage of food processing business that we think will come our way in food service. We’ve got a great innovation pipeline. We’ve made a lot of operational improvements and we will continue to see benefit from our capital and investment. So if you look at that balanced portfolio, our pricing structure and these other factors, we’ll deliver ’15.
David Palmer: One question on the food service side. We're seeing a lot of demand, not just for protein but increasingly, there are players out there that want to upgrade the protein in some ways, assure consumers that it's all-natural. Maybe down the road, antibiotic-free chicken will be a bigger thing. But is there an opportunity for Tyson with that? How big of a deal could that evolution or perhaps even a margin constraint -- could that be having to shift to perhaps a more natural product as demand shifts? Thanks.
Donnie Smith: That’s a great question. It appeals frankly both our food service and retail to a different consumer segment than what is broadly addressed by most of our portfolio today, which is great news for us. We’ve got a tremendous innovation engine and I think with our capabilities in our discovery center and our ability to drive innovation, I think we are advantaged in the ability to capture that. I would also add that our live production team is about as good as there is in the industry, when you look at benchmarking, they are actually. When you look at benchmarking, they are best in the industry, which I think gives us an advantage in what might be considered a little bit more challenging live production environment. So, I feel good about our opportunity to continue to capture on that in the future. Our NAE line, which we launched what May, a year ago or little further, we doubled it since the launch and our growth continues. We are adding more and we are adding about 100,000 birds a week to that business next month. So we continue to see growth and we continue to use our supply chain to fill those needs.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Donnie Smith: Sure.
Operator: I’m sorry. You ready for the next question?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we are.
Operator: I apologize. We have a question from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc. Sir, your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning.
Donnie Smith: Good morning.
Akshay Jagdale: Congratulations on the chicken margins, I think as far as I can tell the best I can remember in the history. Is that accurate?
Donnie Smith: Yes.
Akshay Jagdale: So my question, I am going to start with to -- I will start with, it’s Hillshire-related, say acquisition-related, but it’s more of an sort of outlook on pork, right. So supply expected to increase on pork or the hog prices have come down. The retail values have come down. Presumably that should help a value-added pork business. So one, am I thinking of that generally correctly? And two, what are the implications of that on your segment margins for prepared foods, which you maintained your guidance as far as I can tell? So that’s my first question. I have a follow-up.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So two things you should expect. Number one, with increased supply that will likely also improve, besides the prepared foods piece which would come later maybe Q4, Q1, Q2, that’s -- Q1, Q2 of '16, that I think you should expect improvement in the back half in our Pork segment. So I think there we will have a double advantage if you will inside of our portfolio. But I would say you are absolutely thinking about it right about in improvement in the raw material structure underneath our Prepared Foods business. And at the retail brands, we are using our marketing support to position ourselves very well to take advantage of that.
Akshay Jagdale: But does it mean for your -- I mean, so how should we think of your guidance in relation to that?
Donnie Smith: Okay. Got it. So as we mentioned on the call, Q2 is always a bit challenging and we kind of made the right comments about that. We will see the improvements back-half loaded. You will see the run rate in Prepared Foods accelerating through the year and taking that momentum into '16. And so it’s still early in the year, so we are maintaining our current guidance at $3.30 to $3.40, but there is some things that play that could certainly advantage that.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then on chicken, this quarter obviously very good, especially given that the spot margin sequentially declined yours expanded, so your advantage relative to spot expanded as well. So in light of that, you’ve obviously commented on the Analyst Day that if and when the cycle turns, you will be 500 basis points above on margins. So can you just conceptionally help us understand why your business today is in a position to deliver those type of margins even if the industry is not making money?
Donnie Smith: So as we talked about in New York, we have a very balanced portfolio between the bird classes, the tray pack size, small bird, big bird, and the other sizes. So that tells coupled with the pricing structures that we’ve worked with our customers on in the last couple of years. So now we have this balanced portfolio. We’ve got a very good balance of pricing structures and mechanism, some that are tied to the market, some that aren’t. And remember we correlate a lot closer to the whole bird market values than we do to breast meat values. Now one other thing that might help is we do have and I am going to say X percent of our portfolio that is subject to, I will call it market pricing. But we also have X percent of our portfolio, that’s very balanced to that that we found on the outside market. So when the price goes down, only the portion of our portfolio that we sell based on market prices. We did a commensurate benefit in the different part of the portfolio from the lower cost of buying that raw material. And, hey, add on top of that, we have a great brand presence, number one at retail food -- which we are rebuilding that category and we are number one is fresh tray pack, we are number one is [indiscernible], we are number one in Cornish. We have a leading brand in foodservice. So you add all of that together and our buy versus grow strategy positions us well to take advantage of this.
Akshay Jagdale: Great. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks, Donnie. I think you’ve covered what happens when supply expands, but is it fair to say that the access that came out and the industry data were above your expectations, because I seem to remember at the Analyst Day you saying that you don’t think the 3% growth would continue. Is that fair to say?
Donnie Smith: That is fair to say, yes.
Robert Moskow: Okay.
Donnie Smith: What I was expecting was we had that gap because people took us last season that they didn’t take this season and I expected that to level off after January and that has not happened. So that 3% type number has continued.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And whole bird prices to your point have done nothing but go up. You’ve seen some fluctuation in commodity fresh meat parts. Is there -- what would stop that forward movement in whole bird prices? I always get concerned about the supply growing. You seem to think that the demand is going to be strong enough to offset all of it. But, is 3% access just not enough to offset that forward momentum in whole bird?
Donnie Smith: Frankly, we’ve model past that and still with our pricing structures and the balance of how we go to market, we are still in good shape as supply increases above what a 3% access might indicate. Our buy versus grow strategy is we care a lot more about how much chicken we sell than how much we grow. And if you look at the last three weeks, we are over a 1 billion slaughter pounds. So since the beginning of the year, slaughter has increased something on the order of 7%. And if you look at particularly front half, I think wing standards and breast meat, that’s up 15%. So there is every indication that demand is more going to offset the supply increases.
Robert Moskow: Okay. We are all ended is on corn prices, obviously very benign and your cost structure is getting better because of that. Let’s say, corn, I am sure you’ve been asked this question before, but let’s say if we get another increase in corn and it goes up to $6 instead of $4, how much of that is contracted with your customers as a pass-through? I seem to remember it being a pretty large number now.
Donnie Smith: Yes. We have we call those fixed margin contracts and we have and I won’t necessarily mention the bird types, but we are having particularly two of our classes of business. We have extended those types of contracts fairly dramatically so that that raw material cost doesn’t impact our margins. Now in super high commodity price margins like maybe we saw last summer, we gave up a little bit we know that, but we want to have stable consistent earnings growth which we are displaying now and using our buy versus grow strategy, our pricing models and certainly our innovative capability to continue to perform well for our customers. That’s how we are going to continue to stable earnings growth.
Robert Moskow: So that commodity benefit that you are talking about this year, that’s gross, isn’t it, that’s not net of what you have passed back to customers, or is it net?
Donnie Smith: Yes, that’s correct. It’s the changing like $400 million I think. We originally when we went into the year thought we would have about $450 million plus maybe benefit. And so far, it’s only about $400 million, but that is in our cost of goods. And frankly, some of that does weak in pricing.
Robert Moskow: Can you say how much?
Donnie Smith: No.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I will make my own judgment. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, good morning everyone.
Donnie Smith: Hey, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So question in Prepared Foods, I'm just trying to think about how -- now that we have a four quarter of Hillshire under our belt, how we can evaluate that kind of combined pro forma performance. Last year, your Prepared Foods segmented $60 million of profit. Hillshire on a GAAP basis did $116 million. And you talk about $60 million of synergy capture. Is that synergy capture number a run rate or realize in the quarter? And so I’m just trying to think about that, $132 million pro forma versus the $111 million realized and synergy is less, the fire and other material inflation, help us bridge some of the performance for the pro forma value?
Donnie Smith: Good question. So in the Prepared Foods segment, the raw material impact was $83 million. The synergy capture was captured in Q1. It's not a run rate. It's captured in Q1. And I think $55 million of the $60 million was in the Prepared Foods segment. So think about it this way, in the first half -- I think we mentioned this at Investor Day that we typically in Hillshire locked in supply -- raw material supply for about six months. So we've got -- call it in our Q1, we've got that pretty high cost raw material in the summertime in the cost of goods. It's going to be about $140 million or so impact in the front half of our fiscal year, but then we get relief in the back half of the fiscal year. So another part of the improvement that we saw some in Q1, it will get more prevalent in subsequent quarters, is we closed these plants and we've taken back production and put it into other plants to increase our capacity utilization. Demand is up. Demand has been strong. All of our brands -- I mentioned we grew sales in eight of nine categories and share in five of nine categories. We connect -- we need to look at so. I feel very good about our building momentum out forward.
Adam Samuelson: Okay.
Donnie Smith: Does that help?
Adam Samuelson: It does. And maybe as a follow-on on the synergies, I mean, as you’re kind of think about where you’re today. $60 million is realized in the December quarter. What annualized run rate are you at today? Where in the $220 million -- in excess of $225 million, what areas are driving the upside in the ‘15 plan relative to what you thought a few months ago? And any thoughts moving forward, I know you talked about things that are still not in the $500 million plus number internal raw material procurement and higher faster organic growth. Any thoughts on putting a final point on those buckets at this point?
Donnie Smith: So I’ll start at the back and work my way to the front. It’s a bit too early although we have teams now that are beginning to action projects that will affect us in ‘16 and ‘17. So we’re coming into a bit more clarity but we’ve still got open project. We’re still building projects that will affect us in ‘16 and ‘17. So it’s just a little bit too early for us to comment on that. On ‘15, the operational improvements in the legacy Prepared Foods business were a bit more than we were expecting. They came a little earlier. And frankly we’ve got some purchasing synergies in Q1 that we were expecting to see a little bit to see until probably maybe Q2 or Q3. So I feel comfortable we’ll be better than the $225 million. It’s a little too early to call because the over delivery in Q1 which really pull in forward some benefit that we had originally expected to get in Q2. So I hope that helps.
Adam Samuelson: Very helpful. I will pass it along. Thanks very much.
Donnie Smith: Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hey, thanks for the question. I just wanted to follow up on what Adam was asking because -- let's say you kind of want to normalize year-on-year. Last year, you had -- just for Hillshire $1 billion in revenue -- $1.1 billion and $139 million in EBIT. This year if you take out the synergies and you take out the $83 million in cost, you are at exactly the same EBIT, $139 million and you’ve added a significant number of revenues, right, whether you want to look at it as Tyson adding onto Hillshire or Hillshire adding on to Tyson. I know there is D&A and there are some moving pieces but I just don't see how you can add that many revenues of $1.2 billion and not have EBIT go up a little more even if you exclude all those costs in synergies. You understand what I am saying? If not, I can clear it up after the call. I’m just having a hard time seeing why this margin wasn’t higher?
Dennis Leatherby: Ken, let me give you one point to bear in mind. Incremental depreciation and amortization year-over-year for Hillshire because of the step-up around purchase price accounting is more than $40 million. So part of it is in that story.
Ken Goldman: Yeah.
Donnie Smith: Even though I think you’re right. It's probably going to take a long time -- why don't we just take this one off-line.
Ken Goldman: Okay. We’ll do it offline. I appreciate D&A’s part of it.
Donnie Smith: Prepared Foods is front-loaded raw material cost that we’ll recover in the back half and we’ll take. The margin improvement will improve sequentially quarter-over-quarter through our year and take that momentum then into ‘16. So we’re very optimistic about start -- how we started and have some possible tailwinds to make and maybe even a little better than we’re calling it today.
Ken Goldman: Okay. So 1Q didn't really act different than your expectations. Is that fair?
Donnie Smith: No, no, no. Actually our Q1 was slightly over planned, not by much, but it was slightly over planned.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then let me shift subjects and Donnie, how are you thinking about export dynamics today given where the dollar is trading. I might have expected some additional pressure on the back half of the bird by now. Are you surprised leg quarters are hanging in there? Are you modeling in some weakness going forward? I’m just curious what you guys are looking for down the road?
Donnie Smith: Sure. So two things I’m concerned about -- no, hey not -- don't be taken when I use the word concern that it changes our guidance in anyway. But this West Coast port slowdown is now starting to back up a little bit in meat. We’re starting to see some cuts like plates and that type of thing going into grinding meat. We’re not there yet but we’re starting to see ground beef products has dropped a little bit. Now, we’re getting some fairly encouraging news release we did in the front end of the week about a possible resolution. But that is going to be a little bit of a logistics of evil probably for the next one to six weeks, two months, something like that. Now I don’t see that frankly impacting our margins because as the cutout drops, that will give -- those are spread businesses, beef, pork or spread businesses and that will frankly move into livestock. So now if you look at chicken, that kind of picture on beef and pork. If you look at chicken, we are starting to see softness in jumbo leg quarters. We’ve got the banned -- China has banned now because they have problems on the West Coast. We have had in Europe. Russia is not taking any U.S. leg quarters. And so there has been a repositioning of leg quarter movement. The small and medium prices really haven’t changed very much. They are still hanging around this 40-ish stock number but recent trade has been jumbo leg quarters for that plus down period, probably slightly below $0.30 a pound. So we have all that factored into what we’re talking about. And we dramatically reduced our exposure to leg quarters. And there are some internal offsets in -- like the fuel prices that we experienced in our live production area and feed hall that kind of thing. First, we dramatically increased our production in boneless dark meat. And that’s the category that’s growing both at food service and retail. So we continue to shift our leg quarter mix into boneless category. Hope that’s a pretty good color.
Ken Goldman: It is. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Donnie Smith: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey with Pivotal Research. Your line is open.
Tim Ramey: Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. Donnie, thinking back at -- over the last several years, I remember lots of commentary on high gas prices and weak consumer picture on QSR demand and you touched on that? But I expected a little more enthusiasm maybe for the outlook on QSR's? I know, I sure think that there's a lot of incremental spending that's going to shift out of gas tanks and into breakfast, various QSR revenues? What are your thoughts on that?
Donnie Smith : So seeing casual actually grow traffic for the first time since the recession is a very good sign. You are right. QSR is leading the growth. Frankly, if you take out one large QSR, QSR grew by 3.6%. So there's a lot in that. It's interesting to note in food service that you're seeing the younger brands outperform the more mature brands. So that's an interesting dynamic that we'll be able to take advantage of. So one other thing, I mentioned off-site. We have a very strong presence in deli and retail and that business is very, very strong. We are seeing like 3.5% growth in deli. You are seeing lodging and these other off-site categories grow by 3.5%, so where we have, by the way, a very strong presence. So we’re very optimistic about that -- we don't have that QSR promotional order today but we're in a lot of conversations. And we still think that ground beef prices are going to be relatively high and food services going to want to promote chicken this year, so we feel really good. By the way, that also plays a bit to our advantage in our buy versus grow strategy. And we've got -- we'll have four incremental FP lines in production by late spring. So we're ready. Last year we gave up some promotions because we just didn't have the capacity to do them. This year we can do them.
Tim Ramey: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on beef, it sounds like you had adjusted slaughter rates down a little bit. Did these catch you off guard in the first quarter, was that -- were you a little out of position operating at too high of an operating rate or and in other words, again, I would normally expect 2Q to be worse than Q1 and I was surprise that you actually loss money in the Q1?
Donnie Smith : Yeah. I wouldn’t say, we’re out of position, I would say that cattle availability while it was in our area. Cattle continues to move to the Midwest to be fade, just because of the freight rates that it takes to get the corn outside of the corn belt. So cattle continue to move toward us. I think, probably, we put some cattle forward. When I look it and the reason I say that, when I look at how quickly cattle prices responded to market signals in Q1, it told me they were in pretty strong demand. And now when you look at this last cattle on a feed report, it indicates to me that some cattle did get pushed forward, which is probably going to help us in the latter part of Q2 and certainly, going into the spring. And the front half is always weaker than the back half, and we tend to look at our cattle business not quarter-to-quarter but throughout the season. So it may have moved a month or two versus what we would have thought, but we are well -- we were well-positioned to take advantage of it. I mentioned, our index has improved versus we keep a index of our performance versus the USDA numbers and we did improve. So that’s what I’m looking for.
Tim Ramey: Thanks so much.
Donnie Smith : You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam: Hi. Good morning.
Donnie Smith : Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: On two questions, the first, Donnie, you had highlighted that tight supplies of pork and beef are supporting demand for chicken? Kind of going forward as pork becomes more available? How much pressure do you think that will put on chicken and is there any particular sector it will have more of an impact versus the last?
Donnie Smith: For expense reason it will put some. But typically, if you look at the per capita consumption data, per capita consumption of pork is relatively flat and we export about 25% of the pork that we produce. That’s little bit of concern on the West Coast now. But in general that’s the global demand for proteins, for pork particularly continues to grow and so we'll export more. And like I said, the prices have dropped to offset the increase in the value of the dollar. So it's not so much a pork versus chicken story as it is a beef versus chicken story and beef prices are going to remain relatively high. Plus don't forget, as pork prices drop, in our portfolio, we get an offsetting benefit or an additional benefit in Prepared Foods that might offset any softness in chicken prices, for example, that type of thing.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And going on to Prepared Food, you’ve said that at this year you expect $225 million or so in synergies and over three years $500 million. Could you just help bridge the $225 million to $500 million? Kind of key buckets that you’re looking for in terms of where those cost savings are going to come from?
Donnie Smith : There is four buckets, operational improvements in Prepared Foods that largely come in fiscal ‘15. Procurement, frankly, we would get some benefit in ‘15 but more benefit as we get out into ‘16 and ‘17 and then we’ll also begin to pickup additional synergies in manufacturing and logistics as we get the network built out and that type thing. For this year, and I think we said this in New York that we’re looking for about a $140 million in the operational improvement bucket in ‘15, $40 million in procurement, $25 million in the plans and in logistics and then $20 million from kind of G&A savings if you will. If you move forward, you get more and more savings in procurement, you get more savings in manufacturing and logistics and network optimization. And then into ‘16 and ‘17, those buckets begin taking the majority of the synergy versus the initial legacy Prepared Food changes in ‘15. Does that help?
Farha Aslam: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Donnie Smith : You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Hundley with BB&T. Your line is open.
Brett Hundley: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen.
Donnie Smith: Good morning.
Brett Hundley: I had a question, Donnie, on Prepared Foods. I just want to understand more of the competitive dynamic within packaged meat right now, what you are seeing and hearing? And really what I'm getting at here is as some of these laws come off, I want to try and understand Tyson's ability to drive margin along side its innovation schedule, if that makes sense? So just wanted to see what you're hearing and seeing on the competitive dynamic front within packaged meat?
Donnie Smith : Sure. So you're right. We will be able to continue to drive our profitability. And the real reason behind that is we’re continuing to support the innovation that we have in the marketplace today. We’re building for more innovation in the back half of our year and kind of extending into some other categories, so that's going to continue to help. And I believe what we have seen and as we have entered the year, we're exactly on plan with where we thought we would be. And by the way, we're going to adjust the marketing support a little bit for our anytime launch. Velocity is not exactly where we wanted to be. Their distribution is great but we need to tune up velocity there, which will happen in the back half of the year. And we’re in -- I think, great shape in our categories and the categories are very strong. So if you add our positioning, how we will adjust math spending throughout the year to keep a good balance between volume and profit, and then we're positioning ourselves, because we have a pretty good feel for what the raw material will do. We're positioning ourselves to maintain that margin growth and accelerate, through this quarter and then accelerate it in the back half of the year.
Brett Hundley: Your point about the categories being in such good shape as they are….
Donnie Smith: We have advantaged brands and advantaged categories and that is very good for the long-term potential. Both are Prepared Foods and our chicken business.
Brett Hundley: Okay. And you just offered me a segue, over to back to chicken rather. It's nice to hear you guys that we are seeing here recently and your confidence in being able to not only perform, but take your expectations higher. And you talk about the strong demand. I’ve seen you quoted in an article, where you said that higher beef prices were maybe driving a 3% improvement in chicken demand. We understand there is a very large QSR out there buying chicken for an H1 Promo. And I suppose that this demand step up can help eat its way through these extra supplies that we are seeing. But you're going to continue to see that supply growth with where we see smooth pork data. That portends a 3% or higher headcount, you have weights that had been running higher. And so as we get past summer, when maybe some of this demand comes off a little bit, we worry a little bit about that supply demand pricing dynamic. And so I’d love for you to just address as we move ‘15 into ‘16 here, what protects you again better than the rest. I know you said some things regarding that. But also more so, I don't want to put you on the spot with 2016. But your confidence alongside chicken with the rest of your business in this company being able to drive earnings growth in years ahead, not just 2015, but beyond that I appreciate it?
Donnie Smith: Sure. So let's talk about four components. And I don't disagree that recent data -- I agree with you, recent data would indicate that supply will be higher in the year. And remember, we don't really care how much we grow, we care how much we sell. And so we will manage our production based on our forecasted demand. We balance to the nearest whole bird increment in whatever size that is and then our buy versus grow strategy puts us in a position to buy raw materials that are out of balance, which doesn't leave us stranded with parts who maybe having -- maybe an excess that type thing. So that's kind of the general framework, but on top of that think about this, explosive growth in tray pack. And we are a tremendous tray pack supplier. We're adding capacity and we're going to be unencumbered in our growth in tray pack. And tray pack -- fresh tray pack at retail is really benefiting from high retail beef prices. So that -- plus we are increasing our further processing capability to be able to take advantage of growth, both in retail, frozen, fully cooked, as we take this great innovation engine and grow that category with new news plus at food services, the food-service operators want to grow there. We have a very balanced and broad portfolio. We have a good balance between the bird sizes, the tray packs and small bird, and all those things. Plus you take our pricing structures, which we have a blend in summer, based on the markets. Some are based on raw materials. But what we've done is established a way to protect our margins and grow our customers business using our great service and our great innovative capability, which is very valuable to them. And they frankly don't get anything like it from anyone else. Add on top of that, we've continue to spend pretty strong against our chicken business, and we continue to be more and more efficient. One quick case in point, when we saw our production issue in our fully cooked business, we actually added an incremental million pounds a week of capacity to that -- to one of those locations and created an even more efficient operation. So that will pay off in the future. So if you take a blend of the consumer benefits that we can take advantage of with our portfolio. And then the customer who depends on us for innovation, quality, service and those components and the balance of our portfolio, on top of our buy versus grow strategy, it's a winning combination. And it stabilizes our earnings and that's why we took ‘15 up. And we feel very strong about ‘16 because the same dynamics will be in play.
Brett Hundley: All right. Thanks Donnie.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak. Your line is open. Tim Tiberio, your line is open.
Tim Tiberio: Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. My first question is around your buy versus grow strategy. Now that supply growth seems to be a little bit ahead of your initial expectations. Can you give us an update of what percentage you are buying in the second quarter and how much you see that growing year-over-year in fiscal 2015?
Donnie Smith: I’ll give a general answer. I don’t want to be very specific. The amount we buy will be balanced against the amount that of our other pricing that has market exposure. So we are very balanced there, kind of gives us an internal hedge, plus there are some parts of our business where I try to act a smaller bird. We have to grow the bird. In other part of the business, we don’t. And so the way we are set up, we think we have a very good demand picture and we see demand very strong out in front. And we have build our supply chain to be able to buy raw material to fill that demand. We’ll buy, put it in our further processing plants and fill the demand 
Tim Tiberio: Great. My second question, I may have missed this earlier. Have you set a target for full year debt reduction in 2015? It seems like that’s a key component of potentially driving accretive earnings power from ‘15 into ‘16?
Donnie Smith: Sure, Tim. We are expecting, at least $1.2 billion, maybe a little bit more.
Tim Tiberio: Perfect. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler: Good morning.
Donnie Smith: Good morning.
Diane Geissler: Congratulations on your quarter.
Donnie Smith: Thanks.
Diane Geissler: I just wanted to ask about -- I think it's pretty widely observed that ‘15 is going to be a good year, but I am sort of getting the sense from clients that I talked to that it all falls apart in ‘16. And so I just wanted to get to this point about the QSR, a nice idea, go ahead. Chicken purchases are durable goods. I mean to me, I look at it and say, well if gas prices are down and still low, I mean maybe they move a little bit higher. But I don't think anybody is predicting that they go back to where they were 12 months ago. And wage rates we know are up this year and most of the states that raised their minimum wages are raising them again next year. We know we don't have any supply on the beef side coming for at least two to three years. So, I guess I looked at ’16 and just say, is there anything you are hearing from QSR? Any of your major channels that would suggest you that demand is just going to -- it’s just kind of pent-up demand for Chicken over the summer and then it just evaporates because I really can't believe that? And then my follow-up, which I will ask just now, is based on that answer. I looked at your changes to your outlook in your major segments. And all of them are positive like lower interest expense, better margins in Chicken, et cetera, et cetera. And so I look at the guidance range of $330 million to $340 and there has been movement there yet. You have guided to mostly positive changes in the outlook on a segment basis. Is there any reason why you're not putting your earnings range out today? I mean, there are two questions that are sort of linked. Thanks.
Donnie Smith: Sure. Sp, I agree with you. I am not hearing anything that would indicate to me that there is a cliff in demand, frankly, quite the opposite. And here is how I think about, let's say '16. And, hey, it is early to your point on guidance, it’s early in our year. And so you are right, the outlook is positive when you balance all of the factors, but it's just early for us. So here is how I think about it. Number one, we've got advantage brands and advantage categories. We've got leading brands with leading share and categories that are very meaningful to consumers. And we will continue to see growth, not just based on categories, but also and more importantly based on our brand building capabilities and our innovation pipeline. In 2016, obviously we will have an accelerated, an incremental year in capturing the synergies. As I mentioned earlier, we are setting our supply up to be able to take advantage of whatever industry supply we see to meet that demand. I believe we will continue because of the shortness in a cattle supply, we will continue to see red meat pricing high and that will provide an umbrella for the alternative proteins because the relative value of chicken to beef, I think remains largely unchanged over the next couple three years. We're going to have new tray pack capacity, we will have new fully cooked capacity, and that will be in our results. I think cattle frankly and hogs are moving closer to us, so that advantages us there. As you mentioned, we're going to generate a lot of cash and we will continue to improve the balance sheet and create optionality for us. We've got a strong CapEx agenda to continue to grow the business and add to our profitability. If you just look at the lower interest costs in the future and the stock price goes up, the change in tangible equity units will help bps. Again so there is just a lot of reasons to be optimistic now about our 2015 guidance, it’s just early.
Diane Geissler: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to circle back and sort of take sort of a multiple year view and maybe you can talk a little bit specifically first on beef. When you think we might be able to get back to normalized margins or if cow’s supplies are going to remain tight through 2016 and maybe even the beginning of '17, when we might expect to return to normalized margins? And then the second follow-up question would be on Prepared Foods. It definitely sounds like there is a headwind from the raw material cost that will continue into Q2. But what is the pathway to 10% to 12% margins and should be expect sort of straight-line growth from this point forward? Thanks.
Donnie Smith: So in terms of beef, the supply will probably be flat to down 1% again in next year. And I think it may take four or five years to rebuild the herd back to the 2013 levels. But I think over time the margins in our beef business will improve. In Prepared Foods, you're right. We've got some front-end headwinds on raw materials. We talked about that. It will dramatically improve in the back half and we will continue to grow our margin potential, one, as we gain the synergies in the out years. Plus we continue to grow the brands.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Donnie Smith: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: Let me just go back to this business [indiscernible]. It seems like, again the supply of hog is far greater than anybody expected. It seems like we might actually be swimming in hogs in the next year or two. When you are thinking about your forecast on the 10% to 12% longer-term as well as the nearer-term, how much of this recent movement in the hog price as well as the lower pork costs were really incorporated in your expectations, both on the pork packer site as well as the input cost to the Hillshire?
Donnie Smith: Frankly, none, Ken. As you look out front, what we did is we took, let's say five-year average pork prices and then layered in the synergy capture and then what we felt like we could do by organic growth in those categories, that's how we came to the 10% to 12% number. So any benefit that frankly our Pork segment and our Prepared Foods segment would see from a increased hog supply has now been factored in.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. Let me see if I understand it. So you took up your chicken margins to 11%. You had more synergies than the $225 million because you are on the run rate of $240 million. You’re seeing more hog supply, you started buying back stock and you lowered your interest expense and yet you think your expectations are still $330 million to $340 million?
Donnie Smith: I think it's early, but I like your story.
Ken Zaslow: I was just making sure I wasn’t confused.
Donnie Smith: No, you got it. You absolutely have it.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then my last question is cash flow. Just to make sure I understand this. You actually started buying stock, although it’s little off to the conversation earlier than I think you expected. So I think your cash flow is better than you expected. What is that attributable to?
Donnie Smith: Seasonally in the first quarter, we typically have our cattle and hog producers. They don't want to be paid in December for cash tax reasons. Typically that deferral that carries over at the end of December is in the neighborhood of $200 million and $250 million. This year it was more than $400 million. So there was a little bit of extra cash that we would redeploy in the quarter.
Ken Zaslow: Maybe you guys will stop buying stock today. Anyway, thanks a lot.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ken. Thank you, everyone. So we are off to a great start towards another record setting year for our company and we’ll continue to accelerate our growth, but as an insight driven, consumer-centric branded food company. And as always, we appreciate your interest in our company and I hope you have a great weekend.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - VP, IR Donnie Smith - President and CEO Dennis Leatherby - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Diane Geissler - CLSA Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak & Co. Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc 
Operator:  Welcome to the Tyson’s Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. All lines will be on listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, disconnect. I’d now like to introduce Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jon Kathol:  Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods conference call for the fourth quarter and 2014 fiscal year. On today's call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. To provide a framework for our commentary fiscal 2014 included one month of Hillshire results but for the purposes of looking back on the year we will speak to adjusted results that exclude Hillshire. For GAAP results and adjustment reconciliations please refer to this morning’s press release.  I’d also like to point out that our accounting cycle will result in a 53-week year in 2015. To make comparisons easier the projections in our outlook have been adjusted to a 52-week year unless otherwise noted. Following our prepared remarks we’ll go to Q&A. To ensure we get to as many of you as possible please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and then get back in the queue for any additional questions. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks Jon. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. Well Q4 was a record quarter with adjusted earnings of $0.87 a share, which is a 24% year-over-year improvement. 2014 was an outstanding year. So let’s look at some of the highlights. We have record adjusted EPS of $2.94, a 30% improvement over last year. Sales were a record $37.6 billion. Adjusted operating income was also a record at $1.65 billion, a 20% increase over last year. Our overall adjusted operating margin was 4.4% and most important in 2014 we completed the acquisition of Hillshire brand, a watershed event that will take Tyson to a new level as a branded food company.  It was a great year, one in which we structurally improved the earnings power and reduced the volatility of the business. But I don’t want to spend a lot of time looking back because we have so much more to be excited about in 2015 and 2016 and for years to come. So let’s take a look at the segments and see how the events of Q4 lead us into 2015.  In Q4 the Chicken segment reported, on an adjusted basis, a 7.4% return on sales, with volume up 2.3% and average pricing down 4%. You’ll remember on our last call that I told you about temporary disruptions in two plants that would affect our return on sales in the third and fourth quarters. We have corrected those issues and began bringing production back on line in Q1. We’ll be adding much needed value added capacity in the spring for fully cooked and tray-packed chicken. Demand for tray-packed is growing as retail consumers seek fresh healthy options.  It’s important to understand that we’re not increasing supply but rather shifting capacity to a more value-added product mix. Also to support growth in fresh chicken we very efficiently used a small amount of MAP spending to generate over 800 million consumer impressions and it's helped widen the gap over our competitors as the number one brand in the country.  We're also experiencing double-digit growth in our NatureRaised Farms brand of no-antibiotics-ever chicken. Although it's only a small piece of our branded chicken business, we're pleased with the demand for these products and the premium consumers are willing to pay for them. As you probably saw in our press release this morning we have raised the normalized operating margin range for the chicken segment to 7% to 9% but we expect to exceed that in fiscal ‘15 with more than a 10% return on sales. With consumption shifting away from high priced beef we expect chicken demand to increase by at least 3% in 2015 which should support our pricing expectations given that chicken supplies are projected to be up about 3% for the year.  Additionally, our domestic feed cost should be down by about $350 million. An important report to remember about our chicken business is that we have a diversified value-added portfolio and we don't require record chicken prices and cheap corn to do well. We use our buy versus grow strategy to take advantage of pricing when there is more chicken on the market and we do expect more supply in 2016 but we'll need it to meet demand. Our strategy is steady growth, not a commodity roller coaster ride. With our business model we don't view increased supply as a problem.  I'll move on to the beef segment which had a 3.5% return on sales for the quarter. Volume was down only 2.6% and I say only because pricing was up 21.5%. Our team did a great job of managing the spread in times of record high cattle costs. We anticipate fed [ph] cattle supplies to be down about 4% in 2015, but that should be the worst of it. There are indications of heifer retention to rebuild the herd. Supplies are expected to be flat to down about 1% in 2016 and as a positive for Tyson the cattle population continues to move closer to our plants in the Midwest. With good export demand, domestic pricing in 2015 will test how much people really want beef, but it's clear that demand for beef is very strong and will provide support for chicken and pork pricing. One of the things that’s really impressed me over the past few years is our ability to manage through a low volume environment. We continue to find ways to become the high revenue low cost player in the regions we compete. How we run a commodity business is more important than the commodity volatility. A good example of our margin mentality is our continuing success in producing more case-ready beef which drives incremental sales, margins and consumer occasions.  Turning to the pork segment, which had a 6.1% return on sales in the fourth quarter, volume was about flat to Q4 last year on a 16.5% increase in pricing. The PED virus reduced hog availability and our pork team did a good job of hog procurement in a time of tight supply which kept our capacity utilization well above industry averages. As the supply of hogs tightened this past year it demonstrated the relative inelasticity of certain type of our pork bellies [ph] for bacon.  From an end-to-end perspective we find ways to reduce volatility and improve our margins. While I expect global beef and pork supplies to remain tight and to keep pricing at higher levels the structural shift towards increased global protein consumption will continue to driving incremental demand for our products. Looking at fiscal '15 we expect a 2% to 3% expansion in hog supplies and it appears there will be fewer instances of PEDv coming off of reduced numbers last year. In addition to constrained beef production we think consumer demand will support a 2% to 3% pork supply increase. So 2015 should be another good year for Pork segment margins. In our International segment as previously announced we’ll use the proceeds from the sale of our Latin American businesses, one of which is expected to close by the end of this month to pay down debt. We made these decisions to generate better long term ROIC. I want to emphasize that we're committed to doing business in Mexico and supporting our customer’s growth there. China remains in somewhat of a holding pattern. We are in position to take advantage when demand improves and will continue to assess the situation with an eye towards the best long-term shareholder return.  In fiscal '15 we expect to cut operational losses to $50 million for the International segment. And finally in the Prepared Foods segment, our legacy Tyson business reported an adjusted 1.8% return on sales for the fourth quarter. Volume was basically flat with average pricing of 5.5%. We’ve taken measures to right-size our operations by closing three plants and we're getting our SG&A in line. We continue to be ROIC focused in our decision making and good allocators of capital for our shareholders. Looking forward, the new Prepared Foods segment, including Hillshire is starting 2015 in a good position with the plant closures, our capacity utilization is improving to the desired levels and our operations are becoming more efficient. We recovered pork and beef input pricing but we’ll have to stay on top it as we anticipate a $140 million of incremental raw material cost in 2015 primarily from increased beef prime [ph] and turkey pricing. With the price increases we’ve implemented so far pro forma volume has been about flat to a year ago. Investing in brand building and innovation are vitally important to our branded CPG business and I can assure you that we are not slowing down the Hillshire innovation pipeline. They are speeding us up. We’re not only launching on-trend consumer driven innovation this year we’re supporting our past innovation launches, a critical part of ensuring long-term success.  In our last quarter of fiscal ‘14 Hillshire launched the line of Jimmy Dean frozen sandwiches and bowls for lunch and dinner taking the brand beyond breakfast. This expansion into a new day part has achieved very good incremental distribution of 16 premium priced items thanks to our retail partners. We have a strong innovative marketing program for this launch including television, digital and shopper marketing support.  Another big platform carrying over from 2014 is Hillshire Farm Naturals lunch meat. It provides the cleaner label consumers are looking for without sacrificing taste and quality. While we are in the early end of the launch the results are extremely positive. It’s growing incremental purchasers and 80% of consumers who bought the product reported it’s even better than they expected. In addition to those two big platforms we are extending and supporting our innovation launches from early in fiscal ’14. In retail we’re launching new extensions to expand Ball Park, Park's Finest franks. These premium hot dogs deliver a flavor adventure and nothing artificial and they are a growing category. We’re also extending our Hillshire Farm American Craft line of handcrafted, small batch smoked sausage with new products featuring authentic ingredients in bold flavors. And at food service we are extending our Chef Pierre Luxe Layer pies. We’ll invest in MAP spending to continue growth in the second year of these success new platforms. In the back half of the year our focus will be around two new snacking platforms. We know that shift to snacking is here to stay and believe that we have the right to win with our brands in protein snacking. One of those launches Hillshire Snacking has been in the test market since Q4 and looks to have a lot of potential, delivering incremental sales and growing the category. You will hear a lot more about innovation at Investor Day on December 10th where you will get to try some of these products. To wrap up my thoughts on the Prepared Foods segment, although it’s going to take three years to fully realize all of the synergies we expect the segment to earn a 10% to 12% return on sales on a normalized basis after couple of months of working together and really drilling down on the synergy target we’re more confident than ever that we’ll capture more than $225 million in the first year and more than $500 million by the end of year three. I need to clarify that not of the synergies will fall within the Prepared Foods segment. Synergies within shared services for example would be allocated across all the segments but the majority will be in Prepared Foods. So now that I have given you our outlook for each of the segments let’s take a broader look at some reasons we are so optimistic. First, we’re disciplined in our approach towards managing our business. The understanding of the consumer-centric demand and overall supply fundamentals allows us to make decisions that are ROIC-based and provide the least volatility and best prospects for long-term growth. When we assess the demand picture we are uniquely positioned to deliver against changing consumer needs with a portfolio that delivers against every meal occasion throughout the store and across the menu.  It’s not just the breadth of our portfolio that’s exciting it’s the depth, along with our innovation that delivers against increasing consumer demand for naturally occurring high quality protein snacks and meals. Consumer behavior at both retail and food service reflect this change. At retail growth is occurring at the perimeter of the store and in a few frozen categories with two of the biggest being chicken and protein breakfast which favor our portfolio. We’re also entrenched with the leading quick service, full service, and fast casual restaurants at dressing [ph] this year. If past consumer behavior remains the same and we believe it will, the recent drop in gas prices will put more money back into consumer wallets which will result in increased meals away from home.  So in a macro sense Tyson has the right brand and the right products in the right places for today’s consumers. But let’s take a look at some more specifics for fiscal ‘15 and why we feel so good about it. With six weeks under our belt it’s already off to a great start. We expect adjusted earnings in the range of $3.30 to $3.40 a share. That's more than 12% growth over fiscal '14. We'll gain momentum throughout the year as we integrate Hillshire and cash the synergies. Our beef and pork prices will be supportive of pricing throughout all of our segments. We'll grow our value added chicken, much needed fresh tray pack and full through the fully cooked chicken capacity will be becoming online in the spring.  We have a series of new product launches in the pipeline. We're investing in brand building and innovation and we're investing disproportionately over depreciation throughout our business as part of our culture of continues improvement. And let’s keep looking ahead in 2016, it's unusual for us to talk about our business more than a year out, but we see a lot to be confident about. We'll be in our second year of capturing synergies and improvements as we maximize the benefits of combining of Tyson and Hillshire.  If chicken supply allows we'll buy more that in the open market add value to it and sell it at a higher margin. Elevated beef and pork prices should continue to provide an umbrella for chicken pricing and consumption. We'll have a full year of the new tray-packed and fully cooked capacity in our results. There should be adequate supply of cattle and hogs with growth coming in the regions where our plants are located. We'll be generating a lot of cash which we’ll use to pay down debt, thereby reducing interest expense.  We'll continue to spend CapEx well above maintenance levels with high value return projects that will continue to set us up well for the future. The share count at the tangible equity units will drop as the stock price goes up. We should all be in a position to buy back stock in 2016. We have leading brands at market share that will allow us to grow faster than our peers and we're not finished growing. There is more to come. So yeah we feel really good about 2015 and 2016. It's Tyson 2.0 and we're a different company.  And finally I’d just like to say how pleased I am with the progress of the integration. Tyson has integrated a lot of companies in its history and I have been involved in many of them and this has been the smoothest I've ever experienced. We love having an office in Chicago and we are keeping key members of the team there and in many cases expanding their roles. We have two like-minded groups coming together to unlock the value that we know exists. [indiscernible] goes in the way people aren't being territorial, they're just getting it done. We've been using the expression one plus one equals three a lot, because we see Tyson and Hillshire together as more than the sum of the parts. So thank you to the team for working so well together.  And now let's go to Dennis for the financial update.
Dennis Leatherby :  Thanks Donnie and good morning everyone. Fiscal 2014 was another record year. We delivered strong overall operating results and used our cash flow and balance sheet to make a significant acquisition in Hillshire Brands to further deliver and execute our value added strategy for years to come. As a reminder we acquired Hillshire brands in our final months of fiscal 2014. This morning it's important for us to demonstrate that legacy Tyson delivered on results we had previously described over the last several earnings call to give you a good base line.  As a result I will be referring to our fiscal '14 adjusted operating income and EPS for legacy Tyson only, which exclude one month of Hillshire brands results, the equity and debt financing impacts as well as a few other unrelated items. Please refer to our press release issued earlier this morning for a full reconciliation of our GAAP to adjusted results.  We had a record setting fourth quarter and fiscal 2014. Fiscal '14 revenues were $37.6 billion, representing over 9% growth compared to prior year as we continue to execute our growth strategy as evidenced by increased sales in chicken, pork and prepared foods. Total company return on sales for 2014 was 4.4% and adjusted operating income was more than $1.6 billion, representing a 20% increase over fiscal '13. Our adjusted earnings of $2.94 per share represents a 30% increase over our previous record of $2.26 last year. We achieved an adjusted pretax return on invested capital of just over 21% compared to the 18.5% for the prior year.  Operating cash flow for 2014 was $1.2 billion which is consistent with our five year average. We have shown the ability to sustain high levels of cash generation while still funding significant investments in working capital as we grow our business and absorb higher input costs. We spend $195 million on capital expenditures for the fourth quarter and $632 million for the full fiscal year. This outpaced our depreciation by $138 million in fiscal '14 as we continued to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC.  Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2014 was 31.6%. On an adjusted basis this rate was 33.4%. Net debt-to-EBITDA for the past 12 months was 4.1 times. And on a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis this measure was 4.3 times. On a pro forma basis, including Hillshire’s results of the past 12 months net debt-to-EBITDA was approximately three times. Including cash of $438 million, net debt was $7.7 billion. Total liquidity was just over $1.6 billion, remaining above our goal of $1.2 billion.  Year-to-date net interest expense was $125 million, down 9% from a year ago. Adjusted net interest expense was $98 million, representing a 29% decrease from fiscal 2013. Our adjusted EPS reflects diluted shares outstanding of 356 million, similar to last quarter which excludes the impact of the issuance in August of common stock and tangible equity units. As Donnie pointed out we will close on the sale of our Brazil chicken operations later this quarter and we expect to close the sale of our Mexico chicken operations in the second quarter of fiscal ’15. The sale of both of these operations will result in more than $500 million of additional cash we planned to use to de-lever. We moved the assets for these operations to assets held for sale in our fiscal 2014 balance sheet.  Now looking forward here are some additional thoughts on 2015. Please note our accounting cycle results in a 53-week year in fiscal ’15 as compared to a 52-week year in fiscal ’14. Accordingly this outlook is based on a 52-week year for comparative purposes. We expect revenues of approximately $42 billion for fiscal ’15 which is 12% growth over fiscal ’14. This is driven primarily by full year of Hillshire brands offset by a reduction from the sale of our Brazil and Mexico chicken operations.  We expect to capture more than $225 million in synergies in fiscal ’15 from the integration of Hillshire brands and improvements in our Prepared Foods segment. Net interest expense should approximate $285 million for fiscal 2015. We currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate should be around 35.75%. CapEx is expected to be $900 million which represents approximately $300 million or 50% more than our depreciation expense as we continue to focus on projects that will create long-term shareholder value.  Based on our share price at the start of fiscal ’15 we expect diluted shares Q1 ’15 to be around 416 million. This includes the August 2014 issuance of common stock and tangible equity units. This morning we reported our Board of Directors increased our regular quarterly dividend from $0.075 to $0.10 per share on our Class A common stock payable on December 15. We expected adjusted EPS in the range of $3.30 to $3.40 representing an increase of over 12% versus fiscal ’14.  FY’15 is already setting up to be another phenomenal year for sales, operating income and EPS. As we look beyond ’15 we expect to realize annual synergies of more than $500 million by fiscal ’17. We’re excited about the tremendous value we will realize from our collection of iconic brands and look forward to growing them even further.  We believe return-focused capital allocation and our diversified and balanced portfolio will be the engine to deliver a constant growth year-over-year and we are raising the long-term profitability expectations for our chicken segment to 7% to 9% and for our Prepared Foods segment to 10% to 12%. Our priorities for the significant cash flows that our operations will continue to generate are for rapid deleveraging and strengthening our balance sheet, a continued return-focus on capital allocation to drive long-term shareholder value, funding acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends all while ensuring we maintain plenty of liquidity.  And finally I want to remind you that on this call in 2012 after coming off two years of more than $1 billion in incremental fee cost and facing another incremental $600 million of fiscal ’13 we surprised some by saying we would at least hold EPS flat in ’13 and grow EPS by around 10% or more in ’14 and ’15. This was based on our belief that continued improvements in operating performance in many areas of our company was accelerating and would enable these goals ought to be achieved.  Two years later we are pleased to look back and note that we're delivering with 15% EPS growth in '13 and 30% EPS growth in '14. But we're not finished, our new EPS range calls for at least 12% growth in '15 amidst a game changing acquisition of Hillshire brands. When achieved this means our three year compounded annual growth rate since the 2012 call would be almost 19% reflecting the efforts of a great team that just keeps getting better. As we continue the integration process, we see the tremendous opportunity that Hillshire business and team brings to the combined company.  As we execute our prepared food strategy, we're even more excited about our future as we look to create strong shareholder value along with this acquisition that will be accretive in fiscal '15 and highly accretive in future years.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Robin we're ready to begin Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Thanks for the question. I have one and then a follow-up. The first one is Donnie; I am hoping you can detail for us some of the synergy targets, maybe if you can fill in the blanks how much is expected in COGS versus SG&A, some of the pacings of savings, anything you think is important for us to know as we model numbers out here?
Donnie Smith:  Okay. Sure Ken. So let me start with the types and then we will fill in the gap a little bit around maybe some of the amounts and when they will come. And I also want to clear up a little bit about what's not in the synergies that we have been talking about so far. So there is early days, there are some low-hanging fruit; things like procurement, some of the redundant functions that are eliminated, some of the service contracts, those kind of things; and longer term things like how we optimize and improve the operational efficiencies and the manufacturing plants, how we continue to optimize the network, some of the logistic savings. There will also be some savings we think in trade spend.  So there is several broad categories that we think we will find more and as you know kind of increasing savings in overtime. Let me give you quick example. An early example that we'll see this year is freight management. So we've been able to reduce the rate structure by lowering the rates on some of the Hillshire legacy business and then capturing additional discounts from having a much larger freight base. We expect that alone to be somewhere in the $15 million to $25 million this fiscal year.  So at this point I feel really good about the $225 million number this year, at least that number and at least $500 million as we go forward over the three year target. So I also want to add that this is pertaining by and large to the Prepared Foods segment. So if you look at our Prepared Foods segment, this next year is roughly an $8 billion business and if you look at that out over the three year synergy number that's about $500 million which is about 6% or so of that. Now it’s a little more front-end loaded, then you would typically see with just a straight M&A deal but you'll remember we were able to see significant synergy capture in the legacy business because of this acquisition by closing three plants and then moving that product mix around in to more efficient locations.  Now and what's not in these synergy numbers so far is any growth synergies that might come. We've not included any raw materials synergies. And what we want to do is to add a bit of clarity about that as we get more deeply into having those discussions. We've been about two months now working together as a team. We've built very detailed business cases that we can monitor to deliver these synergies and of course we'll be reporting those out to our investors quarterly.  So going back to one thing just for clarity. Some of the things like shared service synergies, that type of thing will be seeing across all of our segments but the majority of the synergies will reside in the prepared food segment. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: That's helpful. If I can be very quick here on the follow-up. You mentioned even though next year has an extra week, items in your outlook are based on a 52-week year but just to be clear when you talk about that $3.30 to $3.40 in EPS, is it fair to assume that range is 53-weeks or is that also 52 and upside of that number from the extra week. 
Dennis Leatherby : Yeah and that's for 52 weeks. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Brett Hundley with BB&T Capital Markets.
Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi good morning. Can you hear me gentlemen?
Dennis Leatherby : We can. 
Donnie Smith: Brett hi.
Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you for taking the question. And my first question is on the chicken segment. You guys have -- did -- you first of all you've upped your normalized range and you continue to talk to 10% plus for next year and the theme seems to be as of ways that companies can insulate themselves in 2015 and beyond. You touched on that a little bit in your prepared remarks but I'm wondering if we can delve back into it. One of those things that we're hearing in particular is that small bird operators are signing very favorable contracts with QSR guys, food service guys for multiple years now.  Wondering if you guys are seeing that in your own business and again going back to the original question, the insulation you see in your chicken business going forward. 
Donnie Smith: Yeah, certainly we have seen a good price increases in our small bird categories. As customers looks to ensure supply there, but as importantly there are several things that we've been able to do insulate our business a bit number one we're certainly a much more fundamentally sound company than we have been in the past and we continue to improve there.  We continue to invest in our business. We've improved our revenue by pricing and mix, by the way. So what I mean by that is we've reduced our risk to grain market fluctuations and we've gotten a much better understanding of how the consumer is changing. Our fresh chicken business is doing very well that's the very good business for us and we can see continued growth there. As you know our business model tends to do better against the whole bird model than it does against just the UB [ph] parts and so as the small bird business improves and the tray-packed grows and you can't forget the additional value added that we have those are certainly things that insulate our business in the future. 
Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you very much for that. And then Dennis, just I had a follow-up question as it relates to the way that you rather the balance that you try to strike between looking at further M&A targets out there and then debt pay down. And I guess I'm just curious is there a certain level of debt pay down and then switch [indiscernible] and we can start looking at M&A again. Can you look at M&A right now? And as a follow on to that question if there was a food service focused target out there in packaged meat, do you think there will be any trust issues for you guys going ahead and acquiring something like that.
Dennis Leatherby : Okay, great series of questions. The way we look at M&A in our capital structure is that we put together this financing and a capital raise in a manner to ensure that we have investment grade ratings. Right now net debt-to-EBITDA is around three times. We're going to throw off better part of a $1 billion in free cash flow, we're going to raise another $500 million through the sale of Mexico and Brazil so that will be used to de-lever. And we see net debt-to-EBITDA trending towards two times by the end of this fiscal year. That puts us in a pretty good place to re-leverage if we so choose.  We think that we're in a much better position from a step stability standpoint from an earnings and cash flow standpoint. So we're in a really good position and we're certainly ready and willing to look at M&A to the extent it makes sense for us and it fulfills our growth strategies. As far as food service goes I'm not sure that I know how to comment on that. 
Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open. You want to check your mute button your line is open for your question Farha. I'll move onto the next question, Adam 
Operator:  I move on to the next question Adam Samuelson, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs:  Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Maybe a little more detail on the chicken outlook and as you think about the 7% to 9% normalized range; how should we think about the further processing percent of the mix on a normalized basis going forward. Clearly that’s something that’s changed and how you run that business and as a driver to normalized profitability to dampen the cyclicality but as we think about the further process how big of that is that of your earnings mix at this point?
Donnie Smith:  Adam let me add a little bit of color to that too. I mean we feel that over the next two, three, four years something like that, high beef and pork prices relatively speaking are going to continue to drive demand towards chicken. Also as the Millennials enter the work force they index very heavy towards chicken. So we feel like that’s a meaningful consumer shift that will allow us to continue to grow our business well into the future so we predict over the next couple of years at least a 3% increase in demand for chicken and if you will go back it’s been a long time, probably since ‘06 or ‘07 since we’ve been able to talk about a structural shift in consumption that would drive that demand.  So then if you look at foundationally a 3% or so demand increase driven both by high competing prices as well as preference to chicken from the Millennials then how do we go to market against that? Well fresh chicken is certainly a great component and that adds incremental margins, anything we would do on just pure commodity basis. By the way about the only commodity part just pure commodity part that we would sell would a frozen leg order internationally, and so -- which by the way favors us in terms of increase supply because we can then buy parts that we need on the outside market, add value to those through our further processing capabilities.  Let me get to that part of the question last year I noted on a couple of our calls that we were completely tapped out on FD capacity. Well our two plants that we have been having issues with are completely back up into speed and we have incremental FD capacity there plus we have two more lines that will be coming on-stream in the spring. And so some of our food service customers would have probably inserted more chicken promotions had there been industry capacity to actually produce the product where we’re supplying in industry capacity this year so we feel like that will give us an incremental improvement.  Another thing that I can add is that even though through the years our leg quarter volume is down the reasons it’s down is because we’ve been able to take advantage of a bit of an incremental shift to more boneless dark meat in our business. So if you look at the price comparison to boneless dark meat versus boneless skinless fresh meat, there are times when boneless dark meat is almost at parity in the marketplace with boneless skinless fresh meat. So we’re chasing that new demographic shift too. So that may have been a much more detail option but we -- answer then you were looking for, but we are very optimistic about the demand in our chicken segment.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs:  I appreciate the color. And then just as a follow up I guess you have got good detail on the demand side. On the supply side you do kind of own one of the main primary breeders in the industry. Can you talk about what the Cobb-Vantress order book looks like as you evaluate the outlook for supply growth in particularly ‘15?
Donnie Smith:  I will tell this. Over the last couple of years or so most of the primary breeders have experienced some production issues. It appears that most of those production issues are now correcting themselves and that there will be some incremental supply capability. Now if you look at the Board placements it’s going to be at least June, July, August something like that of next year before there is significant supply and you got to remember the structural issues affecting the supply growth, Chicken house is getting built, hatcheries needing to be built, those types of things. Our hatchery capacity is about as high -- as an industry our percent capacity is about as high, I've seen it a long, long time.  So we think that you'll probably see somewhere on the -- in an order of magnitude of about three or so percent growth in supply and I'll tell you the demand for chicken meat that type of supply come into the market and we're looking forward to our buy versus gross strategy, define the parts we need and add value to them through our further processing capabilities and continuing to drive our margins. 
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: All right. Thanks very much. I'll pass along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open. 
Diane Geissler - CLSA : Good morning. 
Donnie Smith: Good morning.
Diane Geissler - CLSA : So you had called out in your press release that there was a negative impact from purchasing product I guess in the open market which I think obviously part of your buy versus grow strategy but could you was that a surprise to you that it just rose more rapidly than you expected it to and is there any way you can sort of quantify how much that was above your expectations?
Donnie Smith: Sure Diane, sure will. As you know in the back half of the year we had some fairly significant production issues in our fully value added retail business. And obviously we were disappointing customers with our build rate and frankly we wanted to make sure that that was the only area of our business where we were disappointing customers and so we made the choice in our tray pack business and I think you are seeing the growth in fresh tray pack with these really high beef 90s, ground beef prices at retail really have high beef price.  There has been a shift into fresh tray pack and we just didn't want to disappoint our customers in that part of our business too. So we made the conscious choice to be out on the market buying breast meat and then using internal breast meat to put in a tray and make sure that we did not disappoint our customers particularly around the Holidays, and I'll tell you we did a great job of order fill. It cost us a little bit of money. We were out there probably buying, I think for the quarter we bought about 100 loads of breast meat, a week on average and you know what the market prices were and typically we would have been closer to the 50, 55 load a week type range but that was a constant, -- a conscious decision. I am going to guess, maybe it cost us $1.5 million, $2 million a week something like that for that quarter and it was the right thing to do because we kept those valuable customer relationships and as we bring this new tray pack capacity and this new further processing capacity on-stream will be able to capture that market share back. So we're positive we did the right thing although it did cost us a little bit of money in the quarter. 
Diane Geissler - CLSA : Okay. It sounds like it was more of a production issue rather than you misjudging the market which, is that a fair statement.
Donnie Smith: By and large I believe, that's correct, yes.
Diane Geissler - CLSA : Okay, and then I wanted to ask about China where obviously the hopes are that business will get some traction and really start pulling in some earnings, especially with what we've seen in terms of growth of the QSR channel but it just -- it's been such a rocky road for those companies there with sort of quality issues, sort of one after another. I guess could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in China and what your customer base is telling you.  I would think about with what happened over the summer with one of the large suppliers there that some of these companies would be knocking loudly on your door looking for supply but that doesn't seem to be the case. So just talk a little bit about what your customer base is saying there about their proclivity to use you as a supplier?
Donnie Smith: Without being too specific about any individual customer the issue is with these back-to-back food scares, demand for poultry is down. Now I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we remain in a bit of a holding pattern and what that means is that we have acquired land use rights and we have the capabilities to be able to build on those parcels of land whenever we start getting some demand signals that would indicate it's time to do so. We saw a little bit of light in the [indiscernible] market and then we saw a little bit of light in the market for our pricing but then this last market scare it once again decreased the demand for the product.  So I do think it validates our model that with this safety front from the farm all the way to the retailer or to the food service customer that we’re on the right track. As you can well imagine it’s a bit frustrating when the demand drops like it has and certainly I think our customers understand what we have to deliver in our model and what that can do to help their business and we feel if we get any light at all in the demand for poultry that we will start seeing some improvement. 
Diane Geissler - CLSA : Have your customers given you any indication of when they expect to see demand snap back?
Donnie Smith: We really haven’t. 
Diane Geissler - CLSA : Haven’t, okay. All right, great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak. Your line is open. 
Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously your prepared food long-term operating margin guidance is well above your -- what you’ve ever realized in legacy Tyson business and obviously is also a bit higher than even what Hillshire has seen in recent years. I would assume that most of this step up is coming from synergies that you outlined but can you provide us maybe with a little bit more detail frame up of the sensitivity of getting to that 10% to 12% operating profit margin range, how much is coming from synergies versus the potential for improved input costs as the hog herd expense and then finally how much sensitivity is coming from some of these new products that you’ve launched, particularly in the lunch category and also in the snack categories?
Donnie Smith: Okay, Tim, so a couple of things. Number one if you remember when we closed the three facilities in our prepared foods business that began our ability to take our product mix and put it into the most efficient plan from a production standpoint and from a network optimization standpoint. So we’ll continue to see that develop. So if you look out overtime in the synergy capture, if you take the traditional, call it legacy Tyson business and put it in its normalized range and then you bring the Hillshire business into that and then take the preponderance of the $500 million in synergy and do that math over you’re pretty easy in that 10% to 12% return on sales.  Plus then with the efficient MAP spending and new innovation capabilities across the business, being able to take food service innovation and have that cross into the retail channel then you’re able to see some good growth synergies that will happen overtime and we’ve not quantified that specifically yet but we will overtime. And so I think that’s kind of the growth algorithm forward to be able to see how we’re going to get to that 10% to 12%. 
Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak & Co.: Great and just one last follow-up question, looking at some of the overlaps in the legacy, in Hillshire brands has there been any final decisions of which brands are staying particularly in the breakfast category, how should we be thinking about that as we model out that tradition going forward?
Donnie Smith: Yeah well I can tell you that we discontinued any investment at all in day starts or any of the Wright Brand sausage kind of, any of the Wright Brand sausage that we were doing all of that obviously will go into Jimmy Dean. We have been apparently successful though about not losing those slots and we’ve been able to work with our retailers to be able to slot Jimmy Dean branded products into the slots that previously days starts had and we appreciate our retailers working with us on that.  So we do have a great portfolio of iconic brands and we’ll continue the growth trajectory that they’ve been on. We haven’t had a chance yet to go through a detail of every brand or every label that we have, that work will be done. We really spent the last three months making sure, through the integration that we’ve got our teams in place, that we've got the organizational structure like we wanted going forward, that every team member knows what their role and is and that's my thing and we intend just in the next few weeks to be transitioning into the new work structure that we talked about which, by the way that is very rapid.  So that's been our overall focus at the beginning and now that we've -- once we get transitioned into the new organization we'll certainly have our brand teams and we've got great capabilities there, to look across our business, at our brands and understand how to maximize the portfolio. 
Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak & Co.: Great thanks for your time. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Piken. Your line is open, with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research:  Yeah, hi good morning. I just wanted to get a little bit more of an update for your expectations for how big of an issue PEDv might be this winter and kind of where the industry is from a Bio-security standpoint as well as the efficacy in some of the vaccines that are being worked on. Thanks.
Donnie Smith: Sure we spend a lot of time talking to our producers. We're sort of in a transition period here. Typically instances, if there are going to be a higher number of the session will begin occurring a little bit later in the fall and winter. But what we can see so far in talking to our producers, who I think, have done a tremendous job about increasing Bio-security in their locations, I feel confident through our conversations with them that the instances won't be as high in 2015 as they were in '14. Now what kind of spread, I think it's a little early for us to be able to call the kind of spread versus a year ago.  But I will say that the reason I feel so confident about that is this has been one of our better years in pork and so with the Bio-security that we put in place or that our producers have put in place around the PEDv they've also given themselves the benefit in part. So we're confident that next year shouldn't be as bad. It's a little too early to call what we think it will be. As we round it out where you consider hog weights and our projection around sort of our first guess is around the PED and the headcount, we're looking for about 2% maybe 3% increase in overall production and certainly beef prices will be able to sustain that in the marketplace and we think hold together pretty good cuts [ph] we're looking forward to a good year in our pork segment. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Okay great. And then just sort of as a follow-up, just kind thinking about pork and really your overall business, I mean with the acquisition of Hillshire what should we be thinking about as exports in the future as a percentage of your overall sales for both pork and beef and chicken as well. Thanks. 
Donnie Smith: Roughly the same. I don't a significant shift one way or the other. The individual part may change, but I don't see a significant shift in exports. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens Incorporated. Your line is open. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.:  Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. 
Donnie Smith: Hi Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: My question goes to consumer demand, you, throughout your call you've been very, very confident about the outlook for demand in your businesses. Can you talk about just how the consumer’s approaching protein and how perhaps retailers are managing inventory differently because we're hearing the largest retailer in the U.S. has been expanding meat inventories particularly in the frozen areas because they have been seeing very strong demand. 
Donnie Smith: Farha, I can't comment about what individual retailers will do but I will say about our business. So as you know with the real hot beef prices, beef volume is down and as we look forward both at retail and at through service we continue to see that flavor in chicken. We think chicken demand will be up at least 3% next year and I would think again in '16 because we already know that beef supply, the beef herd is going to be down another 4% which portends pretty high beef prices again into the future.  So we think that is a strong demand signal for chicken. And also there is the generational issue that we are beginning to see in the marketplace with Millennials entering the marketplace and they index quite high versus chicken and so we think that is also going to be driving consumer demand for chicken out front. Does that help?
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Yes, that’s helpful. And then just as a follow-up as you see the combined Tyson-Hillshire business, could you just comment on going to market as a combined company have you identified yet any advantages that you can point to about that combined entity versus each company individually going to market?
Donnie Smith:  Absolutely, I mean bringing together these great iconic brands that have very strong meaningful positions in their categories and our ability to take this new innovative and insights-driven innovation and brand building capabilities that are coming into the business with the Hillshire team and being able to work with our customers to be able to drive the categories that drive their growth, that’s a very meaningful change going forward.  And as you look at the categories, particularly at retail that are growing, say just for example in frozen -- of course breakfast is growing across refrigerated and frozen, but frozen breakfast particularly frozen handheld breakfast is a great category. Frozen fully cooked chicken is a great category and we certainly have leading positions in both of those categories and great insides about how to continue to drive the growth forward.  I mentioned in my prepared remarks the snacking platform and we look forward to the growth that we’ll see in that snacking platform. We’ll also have great brand building capabilities now around our NatureRaised Farms, no-antibiotic-ever. We have seen double digit growth and we’re just putting together a phenomenal team of insights-driven innovators and brand builders who can continue to take this portfolio of products and grow our customers businesses and meet these consumer needs as they change. So we’re very optimistic about how that will drive our future.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Fantastic and just one last question. About Mexico we continue to hear disease issues impacting Mexican chicken supplies. Is that impacting U.S. chicken availability or have you been able to, or the industry have been able to work around that in terms of supply available in the U.S.?
Donnie Smith:  I don’t see it impacting the supply available in the U.S. It does at times impact the demand for export leg quarters. There are times when demand for export leg quarters from the U.S. into Mexico is rather strong and then maybe in response to some of the disease issues the market down there becomes saturated as more people bring market -- ducks to the market and it changes a little bit the demand for the exports, the leg quarters going down there but that’s really about the only impact we see to the U.S. market for Mexico.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  And thank you our next question is from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Hey good morning everyone.
Donnie Smith:  Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  So I guess couple of questions, how much of the synergies would have taken that legacy Tyson of that 225 into 500?
Donnie Smith:  A bit over 100, somewhere probably between 100 and 150, something like that. Most of those would have been in the year one. So let’s call it 100 to 150 of the 225 and then going forward it’s more of the incremental value of the Hillshire Tyson combination.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Great and my second question what is the underlying growth outlook for Hillshire? It seems like from your ex-synergies and ex-obviously legacy Tyson business because it seems like you are just using the $400 million of EBIT from last year and just kind of rolling that forward. I would be surprising you would, planning your business, you would expect to have flat growth in the year?
Donnie Smith:  We’re optimistic about the growth of the business going forward as we -- so Ken remember our comments around the incremental $140 million or so of raw material pricing comment and that’s primarily around beef raw materials in Turkey which frankly the Hillshire Legacy business over indexes towards the beef raw material increase as far as is what the legacy Tyson business would have done. I think the beef and sausage and hot dogs and that kind of thing.  So we're pricing to recover that and we will, particularly as we -- the earnings cadence will be back half driven and so in year one we’re pricing to recover those raw materials certainly as we move forward and we get beyond that, then we'll be able to drive I think fairly significant incremental growth with some effective MAP spending. So we're very confident in the growth of those brands.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: But when your turkey, I thought turkey expansion is happening. I expect that turkey prices to start to roll over the six to nine months, is that not what you expect?
Donnie Smith: Our projection for turkey raw material impacting our business will be up in '15 versus '14. 
Dennis Leatherby : I think Ken, it bears repeating that, this is going to be a big front half, back half story as we overcome the raw material input prices. So you'll see quite a bit of lift in prepared foods, both in overcoming the raw material price increases and the synergies as they build on and the growth in legacy Hillshire. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And my final question is when you talk about the outlook for pork, you really didn't touch on it that much but it seems to me that pork supplies are going to be up anywhere from 3% to 6% or so and yet you are expecting pork packet margins to be roughly within those range. What would make you feel more comfortable that the pork packet margins would be above those ranges given we do have not an expansion of hogs, I would have thought that would have been a good thing to you.
Donnie Smith: So perhaps exports would increase our confidence if we see some movements along that line. We're pretty comfortable with a 3% or so increase in supply and we think the market will easily absorb that type of supply increase particularly with this really high halo that beef prices are providing but we'll have keep to watching the dollar but we feel comfortable with the export demand for our pork, China, Russia et cetera. So I really don't view -- I feel very comfortable in our range, might see above it depending on if that develops and we hope it would. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Moscow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse: Good morning. It's Rachel Nabatian in for Robert Moskow. So my question is…
Donnie Smith: Hi Rachel.
Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse: Hey, so my question is on chicken productivity. We like to look at the ratio of chicks placed to egg sit and in the last month this increased over last year's level. And so I wanted to know if there is something sustainable driving this, perhaps an increase in the supply of the hatching spot, that’s driving a younger average age which is more productive and then as a second part from what I recall last year a good number of eggs were destroyed during transportation because of the colder than usual winter weather. So I wanted to know if there are any learnings from this and how your company is prepared if the weather this year as bad as it was last year.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Let me, obviously I’ll start with your first one. Actually our hen age is sub, so I'll talk about the physiological productivity first. The hen age is probably still around 63, 65 weeks, hatch ability is probably down about a percent from what we've seen over the last quarter or so. So I don't really see the actually productivity of the flock very differently. Here's what I see. We've seen that the industry has not taken the production cuts, the cuts in sits replacement that it normally would in previous years and so the reason you are seeing sits in placements above a year ago is because you can't, because this quarter integrators could chose not to take the cut that they took last year and so there is an ability to increase this quarter.  I think what you'll see once we get into like December-early January as we get back to about a 1% or so change versus a year ago because you don't have this ability to grow versus a year ago due to the holiday cuts. Remind me of your second question again I'm sorry. 
Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to know if the colder than usual winter last year do you think, I feel like a lot of the supply was kind of cut because a lot of the eggs were destroyed during transportation because of the colder weather so just wondering if there are any learning’s from that and what do you expect for this year from that end?
Donnie Smith: Got it. I can tell you we’re in better shape on propane than we were a year ago. You’ll remember we actually created a kind of a small propane delivery company to keep a lot of our growers in propane. We’re much better prepared for that. We have looked forward and we do think we have adequate transportation capacity to build all the loads that -- the big thing last year was just the weather and road closures and those types of things.  We can position inventory a little bit differently but if the road is closed, the road is closed. So those types of events are very hard to predict. I think we’re in great shape going in to FY’15 and feel very good about demand and how we’ve prepared ourselves to be able to deliver to the consumer. 
Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse: Got it, very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc : Good morning. 
Donnie Smith: Good morning Akshay. 
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc : Hey congratulations on the good results. So my first, I just wanted to talk a little bit about the chicken segment and then ask you a question on Hillshire. So on chicken, it’s really two parts one, you haven’t really delivered a 10% or above margin even on a quarterly basis just to push back. So can you tell me what’s -- how we should think of next year being above 10% and why we should feel confident about that. Perhaps you can talk about how the quarter is trending right now. I mean obviously you have the lower grain cost which will help you by about $0.03 a pound.  But your pricing performance in the last couple of quarters hasn’t been really that great or price realization, so in supply potentially increasing, I'm guessing you’re going to get back some on pricing, your volumes are going to be up a little bit but I just I wanted to see why you have the comfort level to say you’re going to earn above a 10% margin on chicken side?  My first question and then the second one is you raised your normalized margin range and what we’ve seen is in the bottom of the cycle when the industry is losing money you tend to do a lot better and at the top of the cycle clearly companies like Pilgrim’s are doing much better than you. So can you talk about the bottom end of your range and the comfort level you have with that if and when chicken supply, the chicken industry sort of oversupplies the market?
Donnie Smith: Okay so to your first part, our pricing has not gone down. We feel very good about our pricing so far. If you remember we have a much more vertical like [ph] exposure plus a lot more FC capacity built into the portfolio. Now remember in the last couple of quarters we had some production issues that have cost us some money so kind of erase that and that we expect least our 50 plus a quarter. If you remember over the last couple of quarters I mentioned on a call or on a question earlier that we spent some incremental money, a couple millions or so a week in tray pack, to be able to make sure we didn’t disappoint our customers. So kind of scratch that and then you can get to about 10% on the last quarter there.  Now let’s move forward, demand, up about 3%. We feel very good about that, where is the demand shifting? The demand is shifting towards tray pack, which is a great business for us and we’re very, very good at it, and if it was to shift towards FC there’s just not been enough capacity to fill the order. We are changing that dynamic this quarter. We now have full productive capability of all of our existing lines and we’re going to be bringing two more lines on-stream in the spring. So on top of all of that if you include the $350 million that we’ll see in incremental grain cost or grain savings than that will help us.  So I think that gives us a lot of confidence. Going forward we’ll continue to see some operational improvement throughout the year as we continue to advance ourselves in our Lean and Lean Six Sigma. So we feel good and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks we’re off to a great start. So feel really good about it.  Now as to the range you are absolutely correct. Our goal is to have consistent, stable growth and earnings growth. And so in the summer time when the commodity prices reach their peak you are right we typically don’t do as well as some of our competitors but obviously in times when other parts of the year we do much better. What we want to provide is stable earnings growth for our investors and that’s what our model is here to do. So as we look forward with an increase in demand which we have not seen now for several years, if you take the market fluctuations in our buy versus grow strategy if commodity prices get fairly, let’s call it cheap, if you will than we are able to buy that raw material and put it into this further processing value added production model and create incremental margin on that which gives us the confidence in the lower end of our range.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc : And is that lower end of your range, I mean do you expect to hit that when the market is over supplied, meaning when commodity companies are losing money would you expect to be at the lower end or could you be below the lower end?
Donnie Smith:  I would say that obviously you are getting into individual scenarios how much money are they losing and that type thing and that I don’t know that that is as productive. So what we can say is we feel very comfortable with the range moving up and we’ll continue to look at the range and if we need to take it higher in the future we will. But we feel very confident about our ability to deliver and we think there are structural changes in our business that give us the opportunity to continue to deliver against that.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc : And just one last one on your Prepared Foods business and the commodity outlook you have been behind the 8 ball on your legacy business it seems like for almost two years or something, it’s been a long time you’re always catching up on the cost and you are saying Hillshire is also going to be catching up the first half of the year. Can you just give us little bit more color as to the type of increases you are expecting in fiscal ‘15 for that cost basket for your Prepared Foods business?
Donnie Smith:  Well the incremental cost year-over-year will be $140 million. Now if you remember in my prepared remarks I said that in the legacy Tyson business we’ve recovered that but we got to stay diligent to keep working on our pricing as we move forward to get on top of the incremental raw material inputs that are coming, again pretty heavily driven by beef and by turkey pricing. So we know what we have to do and we know what parts of the business we have to continue to drive that pricing and feel comfortable that this year will be a significant improvement to our previous years.  And might I note too that the legacy Tyson business was not just plagued by the pricing lag, it was also plagued by an inefficient supply chain. And we made corrections at the end of last year to correct those inefficiencies because we had this new Hillshire production network that we can move a lot of those products in and optimize that network. So that will bring incremental benefit we’ll see a lot of that in fiscal ‘15.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc : Okay, thank you.
Donnie Smith:  You bet. So thank you all for joining us on the call today. We always appreciate your interest in our business. Follow up with John throughout the rest of the day. And I want to wish you all a very happy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Operator:  And thank you. This does conclude today’s call. You may disconnect your lines. And have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations Donnie Smith - President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Leatherby - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Diane Geissler - CLSA Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets Farha Aslam - Stephens Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. I would like to remind the parties that their lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until today's question-and-answer session. Today's conference is being recorded. If you do have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And I'll be turning the call over now to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods conference call for the third quarter of the 2014 fiscal year. On today's call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I need to remind you our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. Today we announced the launch of public offerings of Class A common stock and tangible equity units. We will not be commenting on these offerings and will not answer any questions regarding those offerings on this call. To ensure we get to as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and then get back in the queue for any additional questions. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone, and we appreciate you joining us a little early today. As you saw in our press release, we had a record third quarter with an adjusted $0.75 a share. We did have some one-time issues that I'll talk about when we get to the segments. But otherwise, our results were in line with our expectations. We're pleased with the quarter. We're ramping up what will be our best year so far, and we're looking forward to starting 2015 which looks to be an outstanding year even before we add Hillshire Brands' great products, brands and people to Tyson Foods. Before we get to the third quarter commentary, I'd like to say a few words about the Hillshire acquisition. Several of us had the opportunity to spend some time in Hillshire in Chicago and we're beyond impressed with their team. We're excited about taking their expertise and combining it with ours to create a Prepared Foods business with strong stable margins and steady growth. As we execute our Prepared Foods strategy, we're estimating the impact of the synergies with Hillshire along with the cost savings and production efficiencies associated with the plant closures that I'll say more about shortly that will be more than about $225 million in fiscal 2015 and should exceed $500 million by the end of year three. We expect the acquisition to be accretive in fiscal '15 and substantially accretive thereafter as we generate synergies. We plan to continue to delivering on our 10% EPS growth target in 2015, and we want to use our strong cash flows to delever the balance sheet quickly. While I'm excited about the prospects of Tyson and Hillshire coming together, we must stay focused on the fundamentals that got us in the position to make this acquisition. So let's take a look at our segments, because we had some issues and there's room for improvement. The Chicken segment had a 6.9% return on sales in Q3. Pricing was down 1% due to the untimely and unfortunate events that resulted in the loss of volume in our high-margin value-added products. In February of this year, we experienced a fire at one of our fully cooked processing plants. Fortunately, no one was injured. But the damage to the infrastructure was more serious than we had originally thought. And our ability to supply products suffered. The mechanical repairs are now complete and the plant is back to producing normal volumes. Additionally in Q3, a second sizeable fully cooked processing plant experienced a series of operational issues and the volume in supplies has been significantly impacted. New equipment has been ordered and is being installed and we expect to be back at full production volume in the early weeks of our fiscal Q1 of '15. On our Q2 call, you'll remember that I mentioned that we're completely out of fully cooked capacity in our Chicken business, which is why we weren't able to move production to other facilities following either event. So we've endured for long sizeable production shortfalls in one of our highest revenue, most profitable business during a time when high-priced beef and pork accelerated the demand for chicken. These temporary disruptions and the resulting actions we took with customers have and will cost us between 1.5% and 2% return on sales in Q3 and Q4 in our Chicken segment. In FY '15, we'll be back to our full productive capability and we'll have additional fully cooked capacity coming on line in the spring. So our Chicken segment is expected to fully recover and deliver a 10% return on sales in 2015. Moving on to the Beef segment, which had a 2.4% return on sales. The quarter got off to a slow start, but finished strong as the summer grilling season brought robust demand despite record high pricing. And even with those high prices, we were successful in promoting our premium branded beef programs. Our commitment to operational excellence and revenue-enhancing programs continues to work well. People often forget that a business with the 2% return on sales can still generate a pre-tax ROIC of 15% if you maximize the efficiency of your assets to turn your capital quickly, which is what we do. Looking on to 2015, we expect next year to look a lot like this year from a cattle supply and an operating margin perspective. Heavier weight cattle are expected to continue to come into market and we're starting to see signs of heifer retention, but we're seeing adequate supply of cattle in our regions. The beef industry is becoming a combination of several small geographic marketplaces. Cattle continue to be moving to the feed lots in the grain belt. So it makes sense to have plants close to the feed lines, as we do. Turning to the Pork segment, we had a record third quarter with a 7.2% return on sales. We've managed the supply challenges created by the PED virus very well. We were able to move supply among our facilities, adjust orders and maximize revenue. In fact, our volume was up 5% versus the same quarter of year ago, and demand remained strong as indicated by pricing that was up 26%. Looking ahead into fiscal '15, four factors indicate that we should have an adequate supply of hogs, portending another solid performance from that segment. Futures prices indicate the industry is expecting more hogs later this fall. Hog weights are already very heavy and we would expect that to continue. PED seems to have slowed through the warmer months, but of course may reappear as we head into winter. And finally, lower price corn may incentivize some level of expansion into 2016. In the Prepared Foods segment, first, let's address the negative return on sales of 5.5%. We incurred a $49 million impairment charge related to the three plant closures we announced Friday. Although it's always a difficult decision to close a plant let along three, it was necessary to improve our capacity utilization and streamline our cost structure. We aren't eliminating any sales volume from the closings. We're simply shifting the mix to more efficient facilities, because it's imperative that we are cost competitive in these predominantly private label and foodservice categories. Also in the Prepared Foods Q3 results were higher raw material cost of $95 million. Although this is typically recovered in future quarters, we're working on reducing the lag in our formula pricing to help our earnings correlate more closely with moves in the input cost. Parts of legacy Prepared Foods segment are performing extremely well and the outlook for 2015 shows considerable improvement. Additionally, we expect to realize substantial synergies from the combination of our Prepared Foods business with Hillshire. Synergies are expected to come from operational improvements, purchasing and distribution. And when combined with the plant closure cost savings and efficiencies, it will be more than $225 million in fiscal 2015 and should exceed $500 million by the end of year three. We'll be looking at revising the normalized range for the Prepared Foods segment after the transaction closes. Finally, the International segment had a negative 4.1% return on sales. Sales volume has improved and operating losses were cut in half from Q2 to Q3. Demand in China is in the early stages of recovery, but it's slow and as indicated by the recent news of another food scandal still vulnerable to food safety concerns. While a negative short-term demand, these events continue to reinforce the validity of our business model in China, which emphasizes biosecurity, supply chain integrity and food safety. We're currently seeing better supply balance resulting from a drop in grandparent stock imports, which will be supportive of pricing in 2015. As for our business, we're now processing 100% company-controlled birds and have eliminated market birds entirely from our supply chain. Also regarding our International segment, we announced this morning that we're selling our operations in Mexico and Brazil to JBS for $575 million. Although these are good businesses with great team members, we haven't had the necessary scale to be a market share leader in either country, which is our preferred position. The sale represents an attractive price and the proceeds will be used to pay down debt associated with the Hillshire acquisition. Now to wrap up my thoughts on Q3 and fiscal '14, despite the challenges in our Chicken segment and Prepared Foods segments, we believe we'll still generate an adjusted EPS of at least $2.78 a share in FY '14, which is more than a 20% growth over last year. Just to clarify, that excludes any earnings or costs associated with Hillshire. FY '15 is setting up to be another record year for sales, operating income and EPS. We'll have a better idea of how we'll look on our November call, but initially we expect Chicken margins to be at or above 10% as we get past the issues in the two value-added plants I told you about and we see the benefits from around $400 million in lower feed ingredient cost. We think these import margins would look similar to FY '14. Prepared Foods margins should be much stronger as we run a sound legacy business and integrate Hillshire into Prepared Foods segment. We're excited about the synergy prospects as we execute our Prepared Foods strategy and anticipate more than $225 million in synergies in 2015 and $500 million by the end of the third year. The International segment's operating income should improve by about $50 million. We're expecting to continue our trend of at least 10% EPS growth. And we anticipate Hillshire being accretive to earnings next year and substantially accretive thereafter. And now let's go to Dennis for the financial update.
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning. We had a second setting third quarter. Our topline revenue growth was 11% over Q3 a year ago and quarterly sales again surpassed the $9 billion mark. We continue to execute our growth strategy as evidenced by increased sales volumes in Chicken, Pork and Prepared Foods. Total company adjusted return on sales was 4.2% and adjusted operating income was $407 million or $351 million prior to the adjustments described in our press release. Our adjusted earnings of $0.75 per share is a record for our third quarter and represents a 9% increase over adjusted EPS of $0.69 in Q3 of '13. Our GAAP earnings this quarter were $0.73 and we also provided a reconciliation in our press release. Year-to-date adjusted EPS is $2.07 or a 33% increase compared to last year's $1.56 adjusted EPS coming from continuing operations. We achieved an adjusted 12-month pre-tax return on invested capital of just over 20% compared to 17% for the prior-year period. Operating cash flow through three quarters was $543 million after funding $479 million in additional working capital as we grew our business. We spent $144 million on capital expenditures for the third quarter and $437 million for the first nine months of fiscal '14. This outpaced our depreciation and amortization by $55 million as we continued to invest in projects that not only result in improved productive capabilities, labor efficiencies, yields and sales mix, but will also increase our ability to innovate and introduce new products to our customers. During the third quarter, we did not repurchase any shares under our share repurchase program. This was a conscious decision to maximize liquidity for the upcoming Hillshire Brands acquisition. As a reminder, since May 2011, we have repurchased just over 50 million shares at an average price of about $24 per share. In order to facilitate deleveraging, we currently do not plan to repurchase shares other than to fund obligations under our equity compensation programs. Our effective tax rate in Q3 was 16.8%. On an adjusted basis, this rate was 31.2%. Net debt-to-EBITDA for the past 12 months was 0.6 times. And on our gross debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 0.9 times. Including cash of $587 million, net debt was $1.2 billion. Total liquidity was just over $1.5 billion, remaining above our goal of $1.2 billion. And gross debt remained at just over $1.8 billion. Year-to-date net interest expense was $72 million, down 30% from a year ago. Average diluted shares for the quarter were 356 million. This reflects the dilutive effect of options and warrants of $3 million settled earlier in the quarter. Consistent with our Prepared Foods strategy, we will close three plants to improve capacity utilization and streamline our cost structure. We expect the closure of these facilities will result in significant cost savings and production efficiencies, but will be revenue-neutral as the sales volumes of these closed plants will be absorbed by capacity at existing facilities. Additionally, our Prepared Foods segment will benefit from the addition of a great business in Hillshire Brands. We will achieve significant synergies from operational improvements, purchasing and distribution. For fiscal 2015, we expect the impact of the Hillshire brand synergies along with the cost savings and production efficiencies associated with the plant closures will positively impact our Prepared Foods segment by more than $225 million and should exceed $500 million by the third year following the close of the acquisition. Additionally, as announced today, we've entered into an agreement to sell our chicken operations in Mexico and Brazil for $575 million. This transaction is expected to close in the next few months and we plan to use the sales proceeds to delever following the Hillshire Brands acquisition. Now here're some thoughts on the full year for fiscal '14 and some thoughts on fiscal '15. Please note the outlook for fiscal '15 does assume that the Hillshire acquisition will close in fiscal 2014. Additionally, the fiscal '15 outlook also factors in the sale of our Mexico and Brazil operations along with the synergies expected from the Hillshire acquisition and the closing of the three Prepared Foods plants. We expect revenues of approximately $38 billion for fiscal '14, which is 10% growth over fiscal '13. Revenues for fiscal '15 are expected to grow 11% to $42 billion. Net interest expense should approximate $130 million for fiscal '14, including the financing for the Hillshire Brands acquisition. For fiscal 2015, we expect net interest expense of $290 million, reflecting the full impact of the financing. The adjusted effective tax rate should be around 34.5% for fiscal '14 and is expected to be around 36% for fiscal 2015. CapEx is expected to be $600 million to $650 million for fiscal 2014 and for fiscal 2015 CapEx is expected to approximate $900 million as we not only look for projects that improve productive capabilities, labor efficiencies, yields and sales mix, but to also implement projects that drive efficiencies between Tyson and Hillshire Brands for future growth. We expected diluted shares in Q4 of approximately $356 million prior to the equity offerings we launched this morning. You can refer to our pro forma information filed earlier today for the potential additional shares. We still believe we'll generate at least $2.78 adjusted EPS, which is more than 20% growth over fiscal '13. This excludes any earnings or costs associated with the Hillshire acquisition. Fiscal '15 is setting up to be another record year for sales, operating income and EPS. Chicken margins should be at or above 10%. Prepared Foods margins should be stronger as we integrate Hillshire and realize the benefits of the significant synergies and other operational improvements within our legacy Prepared Foods business as we execute our Prepared Foods strategy. The International segment should improve by $50 million. And as a result, we expect at least 10% EPS growth and the Hillshire acquisition to be accretive in 2015 and substantially accretive in future years. Our priorities for excess cash are significant deleveraging from the strong combined cash flows of Tyson and Hillshire, capital spending to improve and grow our existing businesses, acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies around value-added products in International, and returning the cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends all while ensuring we maintain plenty of liquidity. To wrap up, with the operational disruptions and other significant challenges we faced throughout the quarter, we still maintained focus and delivered another record quarter with adjusted earnings per share of 33% for the year. We believe the fourth quarter should be almost as strong and we are confident we can deliver on our targets. That concludes our prepared remarks. Kelly, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Diane Geissler, and she is with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: I wanted to ask about the US chicken operations and the operational issues that you had during the quarter. When you look at that, in particular the second plant where you said you had to order machinery, it's not going to be back up online until, I guess, the first quarter of fiscal '15, did that cause you to go back and look at all of your other facilities, because I know you went through a period when grain prices were very high that you had cut CapEx, et cetera? Just a little bit nervous about being so close to complete capacity utilization that if you have one outage, it causes such a problem. And then the second question I have is just relating to the new segment reporting where you're stripping out International. Can you give us an idea about what you think the domestic business should carry on a normalized basis in terms of the margin there?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we have been through all of our facilities. And a couple of things that we'll do differently, we'll move some of the retail fully cooked capacity among other plants, which will add a little bit of buffer in preventing these types of things from happening again. Also, we have pinpointed all of the locations where we can and should over the next few incremental quarters put in fully cooked capacity. We'll have two more lines that will come on right after the first year, so call that about Q2 of FY '15. And frankly, we need that capacity early in that fiscal year. Also, on your second question, when you carve out international in the Chicken segment, I think for '15, we feel very good about being at or above 10%. And we're at the point where we're rethinking our normalized range for chicken. It's a little bit early with all that we've got going on in that segment in this quarter till we get all of our productive capability back up and all of that to do that. But we're rethinking that and we'll be talking about that in subsequent quarters.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: So maybe just as a follow-up to that, I think your previous range was 5% to 7%. I guess what I'm trying to ask here is your guidance for fiscal '15 at 10%-plus would be above a normalized range for the US operation?
Donnie Smith: Yes, certainly.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brett Hundley from BB&T Capital Markets.
Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: My first question is just on the Prepared Foods segment and the language that you guys gave for 2015. Can you discuss at all the synergy portion from Hillshire? Does that take up a majority of that $225 million? Is it half? Can you just speak to that and also speak to whether you're taking into account rebound in Hillshire business if in fact PED comes off and some of those costs abate?
Donnie Smith: So your second question first is no. And on your first question, think about the legacy Tyson Prepared Foods synergies being a little over half of that $225 million. So you can see it's fairly balanced. There's a lot of opportunity there. And those synergies are around operational efficiencies, purchasing, supply chain efficiencies, those types of things. So we feel really good about our ability to capture those.
Brett Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets: And then just my second question is back to your legacy Chicken business. Donnie, with the drop in feed, can you just talk a little bit about your approach going forward? Do you think that you guys would become a little bit longer as it relates to your procurement of feed and just again going back to the confidence that you have that Chicken margins can be even up again year-on-year for 2015? I appreciate it.
Donnie Smith: Yeah. So two things. Number one, on our commodity procurement strategy, we really won't change that very much. I mean we always look for opportunities when they present themselves to use options to help us with some of the commodity volatility. But we're pretty conservative when it comes to grain. We want to make our money growing, processing, marketing and selling chickens. So on the other part, I'm going to say how to think about chicken going forward, so we're leaving a good bit of money on the table in Q3 and Q4. So that then will be captured. And then as we continue to grow value-added, our case-ready chicken business is doing very, very well as breast chicken at retail becomes much more popular with consumers, particularly in light of the really high beef and pork prices, so we've got to expand that part of our business and we'll be working on that as well. So we feel very comfortable with our '15 outlook in terms of what we're doing with our mix and how we view our underlying cost structure. The one question that some investors want to know about is, okay, what about chicken supply. And as we look at that, we don't see that there will be a meaningful increase in chicken supply until around the 4th of July or so next year. So if you look at all of that combined, that sets us for a very good '15 for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam from Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: A quick question about your 10% earnings guidance growth for next year. Is that kind of off of that $2.78 base that you're discussing, because Donnie, your comments were that you're very confident about 10% growth? And Dennis, your comments about the fourth quarter implied about a $2.78, $2.80 year. But consensus is at $2.90. I just want to clarify the outlook that you're providing.
Dennis Leatherby: We keep saying we expect to do at least $2.78 so be expecting the 10% growth over that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: And then in terms of the Hillshire synergies, I mean that step-up versus your initial $300 million comment is pretty material. And I was just wondering in particular as you got under the covers basically on Hillshire and got a deeper read, what makes you confident about that significant bump-up in synergies?
Donnie Smith: So when we look to combining our legacy Prepared Foods business and Hillshire together, the businesses are very complementary and the more time that we now have gotten to spend with some of the Hillshire folks as we begin planning the integration, it's pretty easy to see that there's going to be significant synergies in supply chain arena and logistics and operational efficiencies and those kind of things. Plus we had an early conversation about latent capacity and the footprint. And so as we work through that, what it made sense to do is to unfortunately close those three locations and then move that production into more efficient facilities that frankly had better supply chain cost as well. So when you combine all of that together, that's how we got to at least $225 million number. We feel really good then about adding to not just the legacy deal continuing to improve after that, but certainly with the Hillshire synergies combined being able to build that on up to at least $500 million range.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: And will some of those $500 million be captured in your Pork division as you source that product internally more and more, that supply?
Donnie Smith: No, we do believe there's great value end-to-end in Pork and Prepared Foods. But we're just talking about the synergies that will be reported in the Prepared Foods segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: A little bit more detail on the forward chicken supply outlook. And, Donnie, I was hoping you could comment on your own order book at Cobb and how you see that order book playing out over the next year, year-and-a-half in relation to kind of future growth in pullets and chickens in US.
Donnie Smith: As I said on one of the previous questions, what it look like to us in terms of the pullet supply coming to the market as far as the building the breeder herd or flock, it looks like to me the increase in broiler meat on the market would appear at about somewhere mid-summer, so call it 4th of July. And I think that before that, it's just physiologically impossible to get a whole lot more supply on this market.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: And then on the confidence in the Chicken margins next year, I mean excluding some of the operational issues that you had this year, looks like fiscal '14 would have been somewhere in the 8% to 9% range for the whole year. Is the improvement then just solely on feed with stable pricing or is there something else there beyond the feed costs that give you the confidence in the margin expansion?
Donnie Smith: As you look at the environment, you got to believe that beef prices in terms of price situation, you're going to have a similar environment next year as this year. As you get into pork, it looks like to us that more hogs are going to be coming to the market in the fall. With grain prices coming down, you're likely to see a little bit of finished hog expansion perhaps in the latter part of our fiscal '15. So that's just a great environment there in the pricing structure. The parts of our business where the demand is growing are in profitable parts of our business, our fresh chicken business. And unfortunately because of the operational issues, our value-added business is seeing great demand. As you saw during the school season in the winter a lot of demand for fully cooked retail products, so as we get our capacity back on line, that looks like it will be another great year for us. So you're really talking about three things. Yes, you're going to have a favorable grain environment. You're also going to have a favorable market environment structurally in terms of chicken and its relative pricing to beef and pork. And the parts of our business where we're seeing the greater demand are the parts of our business where we have good margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: So first question is on the '15 guidance. I'm trying to reconcile two things. One is at least 10% EPS growth implies around, I think, $3.06 or $3.05 in EPS if you take $2.78 as the base. And then if I look at your operating income guidance for Chicken and the other segments, I'm getting to much higher consolidated EBIT growth. Obviously the interest expense is going up. But when I factor all of that in, including the estimate that you've given on the share issuance this morning, it looks like 10% EPS growth is very conservative. I'm getting to closer to 20%. I mean can you give us some help? I know there's some things you can't comment on. But the EBIT guidance seems to be well in excess of what you're calling sort of 10% growth. So can you just help me out a little bit there?
Dennis Leatherby: It's early for us coming out of Q3, right? I would agree that our earnings guidance is conservative, but that's because we're early. So here's how we think about that. So let's just talk in ballpark terms, okay? If you look at how you view where this year is going to end up, if you look at the last 12 months, it's like a 1.6% in operating income-wise. You can back in using at least the $2.78. And then if you take 10% return on sales on our Chicken business, that's going to be worth an incremental $200 million or so. If you look at Hillshire's earnings, you got to be thinking about an incremental $400 million or so. The Prepared Foods synergies will be $225 million. International will improve by about $50 million or so. You're right on the interest expense and it's probably a little early to talk about that in too specific a detail other than we're estimating pro forma is about $2.90. So then you use 36% tax rate and adjust for the new shares. And I think you got the math.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: And second question is just a follow-up to, I guess, what Farha was saying. The $500 million synergy number is impressive in itself in terms of just increasing it from $300 million so fast. But can you just help us understand eventually what impact might this acquisition have on your Pork business? And also, does it have the potential to positively impact the Prepared Foods portion of the Chicken business? And ultimately, are those two factors that will really in your mind make this a really successful acquisition versus an okay one?
Donnie Smith: Well, we certainly believe this is going to be an extremely successful acquisition. If you look at the Pork segment, end-to-end, and we look at end-to-end value creation, we see a lot of opportunity there. I would hasten on to say it's a little bit too early. We see Hillshire a little bit today, but not very much. So we'll need to get through the deal itself and then be able to drill down on that a little bit more. But that certainly seems like that there should be two benefits, one, a stabilization of earnings between the two segments and then there should be some opportunity end-to-end to capture even more savings. So that's how we're looking at that.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Can you give us some guidance on D&A for '15? And I'm assuming a share count of between 405 million and 410 million. Is that roughly correct?
Dennis Leatherby: Akshay, I can't comment on the share count. That's related to the equity offering. As Jon said upfront, we can't comment on that. But if you do have the information out there, help you with the calculation. As far as D&A goes, think about $700 million or so.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Just want to get your thoughts on what your expectations are for the industry in terms of taking the normal seasonal fall cuts. Do you expect people to sort of take the normal levels? Or do you think with the margins being as strong as they are that we might see people hold on their pullets a little bit longer?
Donnie Smith: I can only comment on what we're doing. Typically we'll pull out a couple of days in the fall for placement cuts for the holidays. This year, because frankly, we've dug a pretty deep hole in our value-added business. We are going to need to back off what we typically do just a hair to make sure that we've got the raw material supply to be able to run what then will be all of our fully cooked lines running full, because we've got to build back the pipe and we've got to build some incremental inventory for promotional activity next year because of the situation that we've caused with our customers this year. So I can only talk about what we'll do. And that's not a significant increase in production. What I just said is just we're going to need some incremental particularly breast meat to keep running our FP lines full.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: And then you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're no longer buying breast meat the open market. Is that sort of a long-term strategy or would you expect to kind of switch back once you get everything ramped up back to the old strategy of buying on the open market?
Donnie Smith: I don't remember that being said. And if it was said, it was said by mistake, because we're still buying not only breast meat, but we're buying some tenders. And frankly, Michael, one of the customer-related issues is if you're shortened on the FP, you sure don't need to have full service and full order fill in their fresh offering, particularly as important as that is today in light of how beef and pork prices. And so frankly, we've been buying some whole birds and we've been buying some other parts to take into our tray pack plants and frankly run that on overtime. Now that's not a favorable economic position, but we're going to fix our fully cooked issue. And when we do, we don't want to make customer any angrier than they already are about not getting their orders. So we've made a decision to take very good care of them in all other lines of business, so that we can quickly recoup from the FP side. So yes, we're very much out in the marketplace, buying raw material.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: And then lastly just shifting over to the Pork side of the business, obviously you did very well in the face of PEDV. I mean I guess if you could just talk about sort of some of the factors. Has this been sort of all demand-driven or was this some operational things you did right and sort of what are your expectations for kind of going forward? I know you said PEDV, it's too early to call, but it sounds like you're expecting supplies to alleviate. Any other color you can provide on how you're able to do so well in pork would be helpful.
Donnie Smith: We think that what we'll see about for the year will be about 5% less hogs. Now we're at the point where we are seeing, I guess, the biggest supply dip. But I also want to say that on the national numbers if you take out North Carolina and Oklahoma, then the supply dip for the industry is really only about 3%. And so most of our hog operations are in Eastern Nebraska and Iowa. And so we have a very good grasp of the supply situation around us. What our team did to manage that, number one, we worked very closely with our customers on those items that are sold off-site by the each instead about a pound, knowing that with a little bit cheaper grain basis in the Midwest, hog producers were going to be able to put a little bit more weight on the hogs, which thankfully they put considerable more weight on the hogs, which has offset some of the volume in things like hams and that type thing. But now with bellies or ribs, we've worked with our customers very closely to manage those promotions. Secondly, we have very good relationships with our hog producers, most of whom we've been doing business with for years. We've stayed very close to them. And we're able to dial in the supply fairly specifically at least to the point that we can move hogs between facilities in order to spread out the production runs and give ourselves the best opportunity to service our orders. So when you combine those two things, our team really, really did a great job. In terms of fresh pork supply and demand, the demand for pork is up significantly. We know the pounds are going to be down just because we're not producing them. But in the last four weeks ended in May, pork pricing just in that last four weeks at retail was up 23%. So the demand for pork is very strong. Frankly, the demand for beef and chicken is very strong. It's just chicken has been the only one to really be able to supply some portion of the demand. So if you look at ground beef pricing for the four weeks ended, you're up 12.5%. Fresh beef was up 10.5%. Chicken was up another 4.5%. And like I said, fresh pork was up 23%. So the demand for protein is really strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: Just starting off, just so I understand the guidance for a second, you have about $100 million less chicken profitability and you have higher interest expense and less share repurchases. Is that kind of what I'm hearing?
Dennis Leatherby: When we said $130 million for '14, that was inclusive of the initial Hillshire financing. When we talk about the $2.78, though, it's still up the old run rate that we described before of about $95 million or $100 million.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: But still, you're keeping your guidance. So you did stop your share repurchases, which is probably another $0.02 to $0.03. And you had about $100 million that you're going to lose in your chicken profitability because of operational issues. And you're still hitting the numbers?
Donnie Smith: And the other thing to perhaps not miss there is in Q3, we absorbed $95 million in incremental Prepared Foods raw material cost that we did not recapture all of that in our pricing structure because of the way our pricing works. By the way, that's up $160 million for the year. And so there was the $50 million write-off in Prepared Foods, but there was also the inability because the markets were still going up to capture any raw material costs. So if the markets will stabilize, then that capture will happen in future quarters. Now we're doing what we can to shorten the lag. But it takes a while to work through that. So I think that's another important thing to keep in mind.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: So your base number is actually higher than what you're saying and then you expect to grow 10% off that. Is that a fair way of also thinking about it a little bit?
Donnie Smith: I think the easiest way to look at that is what we've said was our EPS guidance would be off where we land this year. But I think we can see that there's upside potential to that. We're just talking about this now in our Q3, which normally we don't talk about that too much until November. So I think what we're trying to say is we've got a pretty conservative baseline of growth with upside to that.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: Then my two follow-up questions. One is you obviously have a better clarity to the cost savings. What did you find out that gives you any confidence or change your view on that? Obviously, you probably had one or two meetings with the Hillshire folks. Can you talk about that and exactly why you came up with a different synergy number?
Donnie Smith: You're exactly right, Ken. We would have this assumption about a particular category and let's say some category and purchasing. And so we have a quick conversation and you find, you know what, that's probably not right. But here is another category where we didn't think there might be very much savings, there ends up being more. When we look at capacity utilization, when we look at transportation and logistics savings around, we have a different basic tenet around our distribution model. And so being able to combine that and get fuller trucks and both refrigerated and frozen been able to shorten the distance of the raw material travels to the manufacturing plant that we can figure out how to do a network optimization model to streamline that all the way to the customer, those are some of the things as we started these conversations that get popping up, that makes us feel really good about what we see going forward. And two, our very use in our synergy number is really, let's call them, hard synergies. Call it savings and supply chain savings and purchasing savings and that kind of thing. When you start thinking about the innovative capability, new product development, sales growth, efficient map spending and brand spending, there is a lot of incremental value that will be created through this acquisition. On the front end, especially before the deals are even closed, we want to only talk about those hard synergies that we can report back on every quarter.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: And then my last question is you didn't talk about hog supply and impact. Again, I guess PED virus. But I'm actually thinking about the hog production margin. I know you're not in the business of hog production. It seemed to be pretty great if not at near-record levels. I would assume that there would be some expectation of expansion over the next two to three months. What's your take on that? And then how is that factored into your expectation, because I'm assuming you don't expect (inaudible) prices to be at $90.
Donnie Smith: So here's the way we're thinking about that, Ken. First, a hog producer that did not have PED is having an outstanding year. Unfortunately, many have had PED, and obviously that's a devastating loss to those farms. If you go back into the early spring, there was a potential to lock up really decent margins hedging. And so a lot of guys put on hedges and their margin calls have been significant. And so frankly the farm banks have been, I think, a little hesitant maybe so far until these producers are able to clear that hedge in Chicago, the margin issue in Chicago, by selling out the hogs. They've been a little bit hesitant, as we understand it, to talk much about expansion. But in my opinion, as you get on into the fall, assuming of course that we don't (inaudible) that we have a decent corn crop, there's going to be a compelling financial case for a lot of these hog producers who have healed in a lot of their balance sheet to be able to add some finishing capacity and move forward. And I think the finishing capacity is probably the capacity to spend on is probably the cheaper to spend. And so that gives us confidence that with the biosecurity precautions that producers have taken, they're seeing incremental benefits in other diseases that they typically work with during the year too. So that gives us confidence that we're going to see the hogs up about 2% or so next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Thanks for taking the follow-up. First one is on Chicken. So there's two questions. A 10% margin would be obviously the highest. Not only annual margin, but I think, even on a quarterly basis, we haven't seen 10% from your Chicken business, at least in a while. So help me understand why that's not only possible, but perhaps conservative and something you're confident in. And secondly, what happens when chicken supply does pick up? In terms of the range, where are we now in terms of bottom of the margin range for Tyson, because we could argue and debate what the top end is, because you haven't really pushed that up as much as we would have thought? But certainly I think you've proven that the bottom end is higher. So when chicken supply does pick up maybe in 2016, what's the worst we could see from the Chicken business?
Donnie Smith: So let's think about '15 first. Obviously we're leaving money on the table with our production issues. Then so if you just pull that $100 million or so in and then we're going to have grain down, say, $400 million, and remember the parts of our business where we're seeing the greatest demand is the parts of our business where we have the best margin structure, rightfully so. And so when you put all three of those things together, I think it's pretty easy to see that if you do 10% on $11 billion business, that's pretty easy math. Now let's think about going forward into the latter part of '15 and on into '15. So because we are working hard to maintain our investment-grade rating to keep a grade capital structure, we're going to have the available cash flows to be able to keep spending on our business and we intend to do that and we've got several projects in chicken where we can continue to spend money and generate cost efficiencies. And I think we've done pretty well over the last three or four years proving that we can do that. I think over a four-year average, it'll probably be like 25%-ish on our CapEx all in. So we know how to spend efficiently to gain cost improvements. Second thing, we'll continue to grow our value-added business. Frankly, the only thing keeping us from selling a whole lot more value-added is our productive capability. So we're getting all of that fixed, more case-ready. Case-ready chicken is growing at retail, because we have decent pork prices. I think that will continue for several years and we'll continue to add capacity into that offering. By the way, we'll grow our no-antibiotic-ever line of predominantly fresh chicken. So we've got opportunity there. What we strive for, Akshay, is a more stable business model. We have birds in all of the major bird-size classes. And we strive for variable pricing models to be able to deliver consistent growing earnings over time. And we spend a lot of time getting this business under us. Unfortunately we've had that production issue in the last half of this year. But once we get that behind us, I think we've got a great future going forward. Then if you look at the rest of the business, our case-ready beef and pork offering will continue to grow. Of course, we're adding Hillshire, great capabilities there, plus all of the synergies there. We should see adequate pork supply. We'll start seeing some improvement in our international business. We'll see benefit from our legacy Prepared Foods benefits as we get the production footprint right and stabilize the raw material. So when you combine all that, that's a great story going forward that will carry you beyond '15 on into the '16-plus. And besides that, keeping that investment-grade rating and then rapidly delevering this debt, we have multiple growth options open to us in the very not-too-distant future. And that's important to continue the Tyson story upfront.
Operator: Thank you. And I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Donnie for any closing remarks.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Kelly. Hey, before we go, let me just reiterate a few key points. Number one, we expect to continue our trend of at least 10% EPS growth next year. We anticipate Hillshire being accretive to earnings in 2015 and substantially accretive thereafter. We think our Prepared Foods segment synergies will be over $225 million as we execute our Prepared Foods strategy in 2015 and $500 million by the end of the three years. So thanks for joining us today and we hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jon Kathol – Vice President-Investor Relations Donnie Smith – President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Leatherby – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kenneth J. Kimbro – Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
Analysts:  Kenneth Zaslow – Bank of Montreal Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc. Brett M. Hundley – BB&T Capital Markets Michael Leith Piken – Cleveland Research Company LLC Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.  
Operator:  Welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Conference. For today’s call, all parties will be on listen-only. (Operator Instructions) Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objection, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn today’s call over to Mr. Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods’ conference call for the second quarter of the 2014 fiscal year. On today’s call are Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer and Dennis Leatherby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I need to remind you, our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read today’s press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. (Operator Instructions) I’ll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, John, good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. With $0.60 a share, Q2 was a record-setting second quarter and we achieved it despite some significant hurdles. Q2 is typically our most challenging quarter and we expect that that to be the case again, this year. Now that is in the books, I feel like we’re in a really good position for the back half of the year. But before we comment on the balance of the year, let’s look at what went on in Q2. Winter weather affected us in several ways, some positive, some negative. Although we saw a dip in our sales to school cafeterias from weather related closings, we saw an increase in our retail sales, because mom went to the grocery store and stocked up on chicken strips when she heard another round of bad weather was coming. Our multichannel business channel allows us to serve the consumer’s needs wherever they are, which is one of our streams, as a company, because of weather conditions, we had more issues than normal, getting order to our customers and to the members to our plans, cold temperatures affected livestock productivity and our propane shortages that resulted in price hikes of that important fuel sources for our growers. We expect this sort of thing every second quarter at least in some locations, but this season, winter storm started earlier where more large spread and were more frequent.
 : However, if you look at the most recent four-week data for the period ending March 29, total pounds sold were about flat or dollar sales rose a little over 4%, driven by a 4.6% increase in pricing. Fresh meat volume is down nearly 7% on a 7% price increase, Pork volume is down nearly 1% or 5% gone up 5.5% and as expected, chicken pounds were up 3.5%, even though chicken pricing was up 3%, indicating a definite ship towards the relative value of chicken.
 : On both retail and food service, we continue to see the bifurcation of consumers. Food spending is leaning towards either a value priced product or a premium option and the middle is getting squeezed. But again, Tyson Foods is serving all of these consumers and whatever channel, price points or tight products they are looking for, and that’s one of the reasons we continue to be successful. I’m really pleased with the 7% growth in sales of our value-added products in all of our channels and this is a key part of our strategy. So the takeaway for Q2 is that despite bad weather, our prices that affected demand and sluggish food service traffic, our volume was up nearly 3% over Q2 last year and we had a 4% return on sales. Now, lets’ see how that looks at the segment level and what we expect going forward? The Chicken segment had an 8.2% return on sales in Q2, volume was up, our pricing was up slightly as a result of lower feed ingredient costs and we expect to be down about $500 million for the year. We expect overall domestic chicken production to be up only 2% to 3% in fiscal 2014, given continued type premium supplies. We think that strong consumer demand for chicken can easily absorb the small supply increase and it should be a strong year for the Chicken segment. The Beef segment has just under a 1% return on sales. We had to deal with the considerable amount of volatility throughout the quarter with temporary supply and balances due to an extreme run up in cattle prices. It was difficult to maintain the spread, but we stayed positive for the quarter. One of the ways we managed our spread was to run fewer head, which is why our volume was down, but we effectively maximized revenue and controlled cost to continuous attention to detail and execution of the fundamentals. Although we may see more of these temporary imbalances in some regions going forward, our plans are strategically located near the cattle supplies and we expect to have adequate cattle to run a plant. as always, we’re managed through margin and we expect these segment results for 2014 to look similar to last year. In the Pork segment, we had a 7.2% return on sales in the second quarter, volume was up on strong demand, of course, the big concern in Pork is the PED virus and its impact on hog supplies. We did begin to see a supply reduction in our Q2, although heavier weights partially offset fewer heads and we were able to make up some by improving yields as part of our continuous improvement efforts. The impact of PED is expected to further affect our hog supplies, beginning around the June 1, peaking in August and then beginning to ease in October. Hog weights are expected to be higher and offset some of the head reduction. So we anticipate industry pork production to be down as much as 4% for the year. We need to adjust our operating hours accordingly, but we think the pork segment will still perform well this year despite these challenges. The Prepared Foods segment had a 2.4% return on sales for the quarter. we have strong sales volume, but the rapid run up in raw materials and our formula pricing mechanisms created a pricing lag, although we expect to recoup the difference later in the year. Now I want to leave you with the impression, however that we’re satisfied with these results, because we’re not. We’re working on product innovation, maximizing the opportunities from our leasing acquisitions, investing in our operations and putting mass spending towards product launches to improve the long-term profitability of the Prepared Foods segment. I’d like to update you on one of these launches that we previously told you about, which is Tyson DAY STARTS. The initial rollout went better than planned, and we’re exceeding all our pre-launch objectives. These products had an ACV of 60% by mid-March, which is the fastest growing ACV of any product launch in our industry. Bacon is another bright spot. Despite value markets that pushed retails higher, we didn't see any demand erosion in Q2. When you combine our three-tiered branding strategy of Wright, Tyson, and Corn King, Tyson Foods holds the number two market share in sales dollars, and when you add private-label to our three branded bacon offerings, we’re the biggest seller of bacon in retail. And we’ll continue to be aggressive with ACV goals, especially with the Wright brand, our premium offering. Bacon is a strong performer, and I think there are several other businesses at varying stages of development within the Prepared Foods segment that can’t perform as well as our Bacon business in the future. Admittedly, we have room for improvement, but I think our Prepared Foods segment is better than the 2.4% return on sales we showed you this quarter and we’re determined to prove it. And our final segment to discuss is our new International segment. I’ll give you the highlights and then Dennis will give you the particulars of why we created this new segment and what it comprises. International had a negative 9.1% return on sales. China is still the biggest portion of the loss due to the demand destruction. As I said on our Q1 call, we slowed the pace in China, as we wait for demand to return. We think the worst is over, and that it should get sequentially better from here, but we’ll need to see demand recovery before we can predict when we'll reach profitability in China. Our operations in Brazil also struggled in Q2, but we’ve restructured our team there to improve the operational focus. And speaking of focus, back in November we announced several leadership changes for the company, and a new organizational structure focused on the key elements of our strategy to accelerate growth, reinforce our operational excellence, and create opportunities for our team members. We recently completed the reorganization and now have the teams in place under Hal Carper in Strategy and M&A; Donnie King in Prepared Foods and Customer and Consumer Solutions; Steve Stover in Fresh Meats; and Noel White in Poultry. Now that we have this important step behind us, we can turn people loose to do their best work in the areas that have the most impact. And now let's go to Dennis for the financial update.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Donnie, and good morning. As Donnie said earlier, we had a record setting second quarter. Our top line revenue growth was 7.7% over the prior year, and quarterly sales surpassed $9 billion for the first time in our history. We continue to execute our growth strategy as evidenced by increased sales volumes in Chicken, Prepared Foods, and International. Total company return on sales was 4%, and operating income was $361 million, up 53% from Q2 2013. Our earnings of $0.60 per share is a record for our second quarter and represents the 58% increase over adjusted EPS of $0.38 in Q2 2013. Year-to-date, EPS was $0.32, or a 52% increase compared to last year’s $0.87 adjusted EPS coming from operation – continuing operations. Our rolling four quarter EPS is $2.71 from continuing operations on an adjusted basis. This compares to $1.95 for the same period a year ago. We achieved a 12-month pre-tax return on invested capital of just over 20% compared to 16% for the prior year period. This 20% ROIC goal is an important metric for us and one we’re proud of attaining. Operating cash flow through two quarters was $265 million after funding $367 million in additional working capital as we grew our business. This compares to operating cash flows of $230 million for the first two quarters of fiscal 2013. We spent $153 million on capital expenditures for the second quarter and $293 million for the first six months of fiscal 2014. This outpaced our depreciation and amortization by $39 million as we continued to invest their projects for both our domestic and international operations. These projects will not only result in improved productive capabilities, labor efficiencies, yields and sales mix, but will also increase our ability to innovate and introduce new products to our customers. During the second quarter, we repurchased 2.5 million shares for $100 million under our share repurchase program. Since May 2011, we repurchased 50.4 million shares for $1.2 billion. Our effective tax rate in Q2 was 38.3%. Net debt to EBITDA for the past 12 months was 0.7x and on a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 0.9x. Including cash of $438 million, net debt was $1.5 billion. Total liquidity was just under $1.4 billion, remaining above our goal of $1.2 billion and gross debt remained as just over $1.9 billion. Year-to-date, net interest expense was $48 million, down 30% from a year ago. Average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 356 million. This reflects the dilutive effect of options and warrants of 13 million. The impact of 2.5 million shares repurchased during the quarter will not before you realized until subsequent quarters. Now, here are some thoughts on the full year for fiscal 2014. We now expect revenues of approximately $37 billion, up $1 billion from our previous estimates, and almost 8% over fiscal 2013. Net interest expense should approximate $95 million, down $5 million from our previous estimate and down more than $40 million from a year ago. Effective tax rate should be around 35.5%. CapEx is expected to be in the $650 million to $700 million. We expect diluted shares in Q3 to remain around 356 million and because our convertible notes and warrants are behind us, there should be less volatility in our diluted shares. We still think we’ll generate at least $2.78 EPS per the year and at least 10% EPS growth in 2015 and beyond. Our priorities for excess cash remain the same, which are capital spending to improve and grow our existing businesses, acquisitions, either small bolt-ons or larger strategic acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies around value-added products and international and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while maintaining, we maintain – while ensuring we maintain plenty of liquidity at our disposal. As Donnie noted earlier, we beginning with the second quarter, we are now reporting our International operations as a separate segment. The International separate segment, which has been included in our Chicken segment includes our Chicken processing operations in Brazil, China, India and Mexico. International became a separate reportable segment as a result of changes to our internal financial reporting to align with executive leadership changes and reorganization Donnie previously mentioned. We believe this will provide better transparency into our business to enhance understanding of our financial performance. I would also note that our Beef, Pork, Prepared Foods and other results were not impacted by this change. To wrap up, we delivered solid results in a seasonally soft quarter and adjusted earnings per share are up 32% for the first half of the year. We continue to think the back half of the year should be strong and we are confident, we can deliver on our targets. That concludes our prepared remarks. Denise, we’re ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And I do have today, first question from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zaslow – Bank of Montreal: Hey, good morning everyone.
Donnie Smith: Hi, good morning. Hey, Donnie, your expectation for chicken production levels are up 2% to 3%. It's higher than most of the industry that we're hearing from including future. With lower production in the first half of the year, does that imply a fairly rapid expansion in the back half of the year? And what are you thinking about 2015 on that? Can you just help us out with that?
Donnie Smith: Sorry, the 2% to 3% is driven mainly on weight continuing to increase of what we think placements will be about flat to maybe up 1% or so in the back half of the year. I don’t see a meaningful change in poultry production until probably the back half of our 2015. So I don’t think there's anything that's going to get away from us. But I also think, Ken, there’s going to be a very strong demand pull for chicken, and the industry is going to try to respond as much as it can. The relative value of chicken at both retail and food service is going to make for a very, very strong chicken back half. So that’s kind of what we’re seeing. I don’t think the 2% to 3% is anything that would change our margin outlook for the back half of the year.
Kenneth Zaslow – Bank of Montreal: And my follow-up question is, this is more of a technicality. I just want to – making sure I understand, you're now obviously excluding international from your business, and you said that your chicken outlook is to be above your normalized range. If I net those together, did the net of those to change to the upside, downside or hasn’t changed relative to your initial expectations?
Donnie Smith: To the upside, if you look at our domestic chicken business for the first half, we’re just under 9% on sales, and there is no reason going into the back half of this year for us not to expect our earnings in chicken to be at least that good or better. So, yes, I think in general, it's the total range if you put the two back together to the upside.
Kenneth Zaslow – Bank of Montreal: Great. I appreciate. Thank you.
Donnie Smith: You bet, Ken. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Farha Aslam. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Good morning.
Donnie Smith: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Just continuing on the Chicken discussion, could you just give us a read, your pricing was down in the March quarter. And we’ve seen spot pricing for chicken improve. Kind of your outlook for pricing and profitability and a little bit more detail on the U.S. chicken business for the second half would be helpful?
Donnie Smith: Yes, certainly over the last, say, 30, 40 days or so the chicken market has responded. If you look at, I think the beef cut out topped out around 240 or so and pork ran up to 130 or so, and that provided a huge Halo for chicken prices to continue and increase, because chicken pricing looks relatively cheap compared to those beef and pork numbers. So we expect to see another strong year of chicken pricing for the summer. And think that the outlook for the back half of our year should be better than – the earning outlook for the back half of the year should be better than the front half.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Okay, thanks helpful. And then when you look at capital allocation clearly you have significant liquidity available to you, yet you’ve said that your share count should be relatively flat for the rest of the year. Can you share with us your thoughts on M&A and the environment you're currently seeing?
Donnie Smith: Sure, Farha. Let me take this one by one. First, as far as the share count, that’s where we are as of now, so we’re not projecting where we’re going to go from here. In terms of the M&A environment, it’s a very attractive environment. Over the past 12 months, our EBITDA was about $2.1 billion, and so we can put some pretty good leverage on that. And so – and have the ability to both go after small bolt-on acquisitions or larger more strategic acquisitions.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: And just on transactions, any color on what you're seeing out there right now?
Donnie Smith: We’re seeing a variety of opportunities and value-added and International or just looking for the right strategic fit right now.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Brett Hundley. Your line is open. Hello, Mr. Hundley, your line is open. Would you like me to move on?
Brett M. Hundley – BB&T Capital Markets: Yes, please.
Operator: Thank you. Up next is Michael Piken. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken – Cleveland Research Company LLC: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to shift over to the beef side of the business, and if we can start on the Pork side, I see you've taken your production down 4% to 5%; you mentioned in the prepared remarks that you think the supplies are going to be tightest kind of from June to October. But where's the industry in terms of finding a vaccine or something to stop the spread of PEDV at this point as best you can tell?
Donnie Smith: I’m not aware of any vaccine that has been developed. I do know in working with our pork suppliers, we have a very close, very good relationship with the farmers from which we purchase hogs. And there has been a noticeable increase in biosecurity throughout the areas where we draw our hogs from, but as far as we know there is no readily available vaccine.
Michael Leith Piken – Cleveland Research Company LLC: Okay. So I mean, do you think at this point, I mean, it seems like at least the spread of the disease has been a little bit contained. How much of that is weather versus just the improved biosecurity, and how confident are you now that sort of we may – the down 4% or so is probably what we're going to see now and that it might not get worse?
Donnie Smith: Let me approach the back half of that question first. Although it’s difficult to be completely confident and I'll explain that in a second, we work very closely with our farmers. And we know in the regions where we operate, when, which farms were affected, and we work closely with them to understand how much they are affected. We also work closely with them to know how much longer they’re trying to hold their hogs to put a little bit more weight on, I mean that kind of thing. So we stay pretty dialed in say, within a three or four-week period of what the hog supply is going to look like coming into our plans. Now, the things we can’t tell is, for example, with the increased biosecurity around PED, how much improvement is that having on PRRS, for example, on these farms. So there is a little bit of movement in that number. But in general, as we just look at the case sections and how they reflected to farmers that we draw hog from. We’re pretty confident that between June and then, probably dipping the deepest in that August set period and then trying to start recovering or so, in October is the right way to plan our business. And we work not only with, of course, our plants in making sure we've got a good plan dialed in as efficient as we can be and move also around where we need to, but we’ve also been working with our customer base to make sure that those products that are sold by the each, for example, ribs or bellies or whatever are that we understand what the dip is going to look like and how we can help them merchandise through that. So we think we’ve got a good plan. We think we're as dialed in as we can be.
Michael Leith Piken – Cleveland Research Company LLC: Okay, great. And then just shifting over to beef, it looks like the catalog field numbers are supportive of relatively good supply availability over the next two quarters, but if you think about fiscal 2015, could you talk a little bit about your outlook for beef margins, do you think we can get back to a normalized level, it looks like the cattle supplies might get a little more tight as you head into the early half of fiscal 2015, any thoughts there in terms of how we think about your beef business next year?
Donnie Smith: Little more comfortable in the back half of 2014 certainly, and we agree with you assessment there that there should be adequate cattle certainly around us, the drought in the South West continues and that tends to push a few more cattle up in the Midwest where the predominance of our processing base is. So we feel good about having adequate cattle around us. As you get out into 2015, I think you can – looking at the calf crop, you can already say that 2015 numbers will be down another 2% to 3% or so. And it looks like that the cattle are going to continue to concentrate in the Midwest creating some of these regional disparity with cattle supply out there. But we feel very comfortable that we’re going to have good cattle around us. And at this point, there is no reason for us, not to think of our beef business at least as good as last year or better this year and now a lot of reason to think about it very differently going into 2015 from where we stand today.
Michael Leith Piken – Cleveland Research Company LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Donnie Smith: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Diane Geissler. Your line is open.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
Donnie Smith: Good morning, Diane.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning, Diane.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: I just wanted to put together a couple of these comments that you’ve made about production into 2015 to get more of a holistic view on total protein production in 2013. It sounds like to me you’re saying that given the constraints of the hen flock you might see a little bit more production in chicken later in 2014, but it won’t really ramp until later in 2015. I don’t know if anybody really has a clear call on hard numbers, because until we get on top of the virus itself, I’m not sure where it’s going to go, so I would look at maybe on the hog side flat to up slightly next year and then it sounds like the cattle supply should be down again because of either drought and/or retentions. If you kind of put that altogether, are you looking for sort of flat to up slightly in terms of total protein supply next year or do you have a view on that at this point?
Donnie Smith: The big if for us is what’s going to happen with pork. I’d like to think we’re going to see a herd expansion, I’d like to think we’re with biosecurity we'll get on top of PED, but it’s just too early to tell. I think the rest of it, Diane, you’re dialed in very well on what to expect from a supply standpoint. So I don't think I'd change your outlook very much, and if anything flat to up maybe a little bit would be a pretty decent call in May. Now, we’ll know a little bit more as we get down into the fall, but I think you’re dialed in pretty good.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And then maybe just to move to the demand side of the equation, some of the drivers between the DAY STARTS and the light sausage, some of the recent eliminator you’ve done, or sort of the best and better growth in the legacy portfolio.
Donnie Smith:
 : And so, really we do have some strong businesses in that portfolio that are doing very well, and we’ve got some others that are a bit more immature that we’re investing heavily in and we give the whole segment – we give that whole segment up to its normalized range. and I really think looking forward, what you should expect we pay for that Prepared Foods segment to be in its range next year, as we see these investments come to provision in these next two quarters.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, that’s helpful. And maybe, just a follow quick one from me, in the prepared remarks, you alluded some poor operational execution in poultry in Brazil, and you said you had restructured that business, and maybe elaborating a little bit on what’s going on that?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we had some folks make some poor decisions around how we handle the part of our processing that – what we had was, we had a freezer that made it some repair, our folks down there frankly did not do a very good job in that, it also backed up into the field and infected our law production. And so basically, we changed that out our country manager in Brazil. we changed out the plant manager in that location, and the law production manager and we have a firm grip on the situation from this point forward. so that behind us and we’re looking forward now to – two much better quarters coming ahead.
Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: All right. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Akshay Jagdale. Your line is open.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Donnie Smith: Thanks. Hi Akshay.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. So my question is on chicken, first on fiscal 2015 obviously, chicken being a largest business, you may – you reiterate it 10% EPS growth. But at the same time, you did talk a little bit about production in the sense that you think that the industry is going to respond to the margin that we’re seeing right now, so can you just help us understand in a scenario where the industry is increasing production, which I understand may not happen next year. but in a scenario where that’s happening and you’re coming off a year where you have above normal margins, can how can Tyson still grow earning the 10%, so first Kenneth and what’s the strategy to execute on that?
Kenneth J. Kimbro: So, let me take the kind of the part B side of your question, can we grow EPS 10% absolutely, you should see significant improvement in Prepared Foods next year, international off to get better this thing in China is not going to last forever. I can’t tell you today, I’ve been wrong two quarter to put forward and when we though that thing would return, so I can’t tell you today, but I can’t tell you the current situation is not sustainable and that it will and for you – and we’re doubling down on our cost efforts, particularly in China. So, you should see improvement in our international results. We think, Beef ought to be every bid as good next year, it is this year same story on Pork, if we get any kind of production expansion maybe a little bit better. And so then, kind of back in and then the first part of your question, it really pulls back to our buy versus growth strategy, Akshay. We don’t have to necessarily grow the Chicken to expand our business. We’ve got two areas for our current Chicken business. We were just about out of capacity and that’s our case-ready fresh chicken, which we are the number one brand at retail and that’s a very, very important segment to our customer and to the consumer. And so we’ve got to expand our capacity there and they don’t be thinking necessarily production just think capacity. So, it may mean a capacity move from one process type into another to capture a more value-added segment. And then speaking of value-added, we are tapped out on our further process and fully cooked capacity as well. So, we have two lines under construction now and we’re thinking about another two, three lines, because our – the consumers responding to our value-added poultry and as the we’ve grown about 7% I think, so far this year in value-added and see no reason off to believe that we won’t sustain at 6% to 8% growth in fiscal 2015 as we move forward.
Dennis Leatherby:  And Akshay, this is Dennis, I would add to that. We have a considerable pipeline of projects in the queue around capital spending. We talked about $650 million to $700 million this year. We fully expect next year to be quite a bit more and as we’ve talked about capacity aggregate MIRR our projects over the last four years have been just shy of 25%. We fully expect that to continue to be the case in fiscal 2014 and 2015. So, there is every reason to believe we can add to the margin structure even through CapEx.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Thank you. That’s very helpful. Good segue into the next half of my question which is, so what do you expect in terms of supply for the industry next year? So this is live, obviously, the live part of the industry. What are you expecting for supply next year? And do you expect industry margins to sustain themselves on the spot level?
Dennis Leatherby: I would expect on the supply 2%, 3% or so driven primarily in the back half as we’ve said earlier. And then yes, I mean with cattle numbers coming down, call pork flat up a little bit. There is no reason not to expect chicken to not have another good year in terms of its demand, if for no other reason than the relative price versus the other proteins. So yes, I think demand for chicken will continue to be strong next year, sure.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay. And then just the short term – and again, sorry to ask so many questions on chicken, but you’ve clearly proven that in the bottom of the cycle, you can outperform the industry. The question I’ve always had is, when things are good, how good can it get for Tyson? So things are pretty good. They have been for the industry now for over a year. You’ve put up a 9.5% margin last quarter, but you would expect that the next two quarters would be the best environment from a margin perspective for Tyson, is that for the U.S. Tyson business in Chicken. Is that a fair assessment and can you give us some insight into how the quarter is shaping up one-month into it?
Donnie Smith: No reason to expect the back half of our year, do not be at least as good or better than what the front half was from an earnings perspective. But remember I would say, we don’t respond like pure play commodity guys. Our business model is much more smoothed out through the year. So, we won’t necessarily hit the peeks in the summer time like the commodity players will, but we also won’t see the dips in the lower part of the market to our consistent earnings over time is what our business model is shooting forward, and that’s what you should expect.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay. And just one last one following up on some of the questions on M&A. What I've been sort of impressed by your discipline on M&A as it relates to the price with your ROIC metric, the 20% return that you talked about. So can you just remind us again about the filter and sort of the priorities of that filter? So I mean, there's obviously the M&A environment is very good right now. But the type of prices being paid I would argue are also pretty rich, especially let's say for Michael Foods to get a 20% ROIC pre-tax would imply I think doubling the EBITDA on that business in five years. So can you just help us with your filter and the discipline and put that into context with the environment you're seeing?
Donnie Smith:  Dennis.
Dennis Leatherby: Sure. Akshay, this is Dennis. As far as the filter goes, first and foremost they need to be strategic and fit within our goals to grow in the value-added categories around Chicken and Prepared Foods and for that matter possibly even Beef or Pork to the extent they are available. International’s obviously a priority as well. From a disciplined standpoint, you are right, our goal is to achieve a 20% ROIC with an acquisition. To the extent that the M&A environment requires higher prices to be paid for companies. That means we have to work that much harder to get there and we can – we do that through looking at synergies how we can expand the business within our existing distribution framework, and just be very disciplined and get there. That might mean we have to push it out for three to five years to get that return But we think ultimately, those kind of acquisitions still would be very accretive from an EPS and then ROIC standpoint over time. So really nothing’s changed.
Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Great. I will pass on. Thank you.
Operator:  And the next question comes from Ken Goldman. Your line is open.
Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Hey, can you talk a little bit about what's going on in Mexico with avian influenza at the moment? There's some reports it's worse than what the Mexican government and some companies that operate there have stated publicly. I'm just curious to what degree you might expect Tyson to actually benefit from the virus, you might see some more industry exports of meat or polis to Mexico?
Donnie Smith: From time to time this is an issue in Mexico. We don’t have any flocks that are affected by right now. You should know we are taking all of the necessary steps and all of the biosecurity measures to ensure, the viability of our supply, pricing has improved in Mexico and we’re reaping the benefit of that. Certainly, as far as eggs moving down there, we don’t have any plans to move any eggs to Mexico.
Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: And you talked about – separate question – the strength in DAY STARTS beyond your expectations. Can you talk a little bit about to what extent your success in generating your own brand makes you less likely to buy something in Prepared Foods? I guess to put it another way, DAY STARTS has had success, so why buy something if you are finding that you can make it yourself? It’s an old make versus buy conundrum I guess.
Donnie Smith: It is, as Dennis said on the previous question, what we’re really looking for is strategic fit and the ability to make an acquisition that will be accretive to our earnings. and so we’re always looking for opportunities to be able to use the insights we have about, what’s the consumer needs to find a way to fill that need and grow our business. We feel great about our organic opportunities, we feel great about our opportunity to invest in our current business, but we’re also going to be out there looking for strategic opportunities to fill in the gaps where we need to, or to create a little bit more aggressive headspace in a category where we maybe able to buy, as long as the purchase make sense, and then accelerate growth in that – that particular category whichever category that might be.
Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Donnie Smith: You bet.
Operator: And the next question comes from Farha Aslam. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Just continuing on that M&A question front, do you feel like you need more chicken capacity? Would you build that with CapEx or via acquisitions? And in terms of M&A, is there a geographic preference or is there a protein preference that you’re looking for?
Donnie Smith: The answer to your first question is yes, and the answer to our second question is gone with it’s a strategic fit whether it’s an International acquisition, Poultry value added or Prepared Foods, those are the areas of our business where we believe our growth potential loss and where we can have the most value to the consumer and the most value to the shareholder and so our acquisition targets will be focused in those three areas.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then one just on the base business, when you look at the Texas facility that the lunch meat plant you took down and are ramping back up, could you just give us some color on what that can do for earnings in the second half of the year now that it’s starting back up?
Donnie Smith: In the second half of this year, marginal improvement, but sequentially in 2015, it ought to make a more meaningful difference, it takes a while to get that backed up frankly, we’ve got to get some more business around us to get the revenue side moving, that’s going to take us at least couple more quarters, but we think certainly as we move into 2015, we’ll see sequential and meaningful improvement in that part of our business.
Farha Aslam – Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Donnie Smith: Okay. That concludes the call. thank you for interest in our business. And I hope, you have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you for joining in for today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. And you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Rachel Nabatian Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeremy Scott - CLSA Limited, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson quarterly investor earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'll turn the call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods conference call for the first quarter of the 2014 fiscal year. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer. I need to remind you, our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business.[Operator Instructions] As you are probably aware, our Annual Meeting of Shareholders is this morning, and we will need to stay on schedule. I hope we get to all of your questions, but we'll have to put a hard stop on this call to get over to the shareholders' meeting on time. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Fiscal '14 is off to a strong start with earnings of $0.72 a share in the first quarter, which is a 47% improvement over Q1 of last year. Operating income grew 36% quarter-over-quarter, and our overall operating margin was 4.7%. Sales were $8.8 billion, the highest Q1 sales we've ever reported, up 4.7% over Q1 of FY '13. Chicken, Beef and Prepared Foods all had record Q1 sales, and Pork had its second-largest Q1 sales. I'm really pleased with those results, but I'm even more pleased with what I'm seeing from the team to manage for the long term and invest in future growth. As an example, last week, we acquired Bosco's in Michigan, which was our third Prepared Foods acquisition in less than 1 year and another step in our effort to grow sales in our Prepared Foods segment. Bosco's is a great fit with our pizza toppings and crusts, and it aligns nicely with our K-12 school foodservice business. We have to look at a variety of options and avenues for growth. It goes back to being nimble and responsive to consumers and their changing needs. One of the first places consumers adjust their spending is on food purchases, not just what they buy, but where they buy it. As you know, our business model is to offer a broad portfolio of products spread over multiple distribution channels, so we're able to shift with the consumer and give them what they want, where they want it. Consumers today are expanding their food purchases beyond the traditional foodservice and retail channels, creating opportunities for us in dollar, convenience, drugstores and even online. In spite of historical high prices, Nielsen data for the 52-week period ended December 28 indicates that total fresh meat volume at retail was up 1.3%. Pork, chicken and ground beef pounds-sold increased, while whole-muscle beef held steady. Fresh chicken was the leader, with dollar sales up 8% versus the previous year. And once again, Tyson was the #1 brand of fresh chicken in the country. Record high beef prices should continue through 2014, meaning fewer beef promotions in retail and foodservice. Pork prices will also remain high due to lower supply. Chicken should continue to be the winner. As consumer confidence rebounds, people are becoming less defensive in their spending, but I don't know of anyone who thinks that consumers will go back to their pre-2008 spending habits anytime soon. Expectations are different. The definition of value is different, and it isn't limited to price. The consumer is asking, what am I getting for my dollar? What are the ingredients? Is it fresh? Is it good for me? All those factors are part of the consumer's new value equation. They're willing to pay for convenience, but the product must legitimately fill an unmet need or solve a problem in a unique way. Our insights-driven approach to new product development is focused on those unmet needs. Better For You foods are becoming mainstream. People want clean labels and transparency in ingredients. They want to know where their food comes from and that we're being responsible in how we produce it. They're uncompromising about food safety, and rightly so. But they also want only a few ingredients on the label. So that's our challenge and an area of focus for our R&D and innovation. Another challenge is the cut to the government's Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program. This could reduce total food sales growth by 1%. Shopper card data shows that SNAP shoppers' spending has dropped 4 points more than other shoppers since their benefits were cut. We're developing consumer insights into those shoppers to retain them as consumers, even though they have less money to spend. So that's how we're thinking about the market dynamics domestically. And now let's turn to our international business. It was a disappointing quarter with a $28 million loss. While China certainly wasn't the only source of the negative returns, it was the largest, and we've been making significant investments to build a fully integrated poultry business. I said on our Q4 call that I thought our China operations would reach breakeven by the end of the fiscal year. But I don't think -- I think it will take longer. There's been a change in the market dynamics in China over the past year, following widespread food safety concerns an avian influenza outbreak and economic slowdown. Previously, I told you that demand would return about 3 months after the initial AI problem was over, but I was wrong. Demand hasn't recovered, which has led to a substantial oversupply of chicken. And now there are new concerns about avian influenza. Because of these factors, we've decided to slow down on building more chicken farms beyond those currently planned for this fiscal year until market conditions improve. Now I want to be clear, we're not changing our path, just our pace. We are not backing off our long-term commitment to produce quality chicken from a controlled supply in China. We're simply slowing down until the supply-and-demand dynamics get back in balance, in order to protect our margins. We'll move forward with our planning processes, and when the markets improve, we'll be able to resume construction of company-owned chicken housing. I think one of the characteristics that makes Tyson Foods a great company is our ability to be flexible and to reassess, and that's what we're doing to grow our business and optimize shareholder returns. I remain confident about 2014. I think it's going to be another great year for us. There's still a certain amount of seasonality to our business and Q2 is typically our softest quarter and the hardest to predict. It was last year, and it certainly appears that this quarter won't be an exception. We still feel confident that the back half of our year will be strong and that this will be a very good year for us. Overall, we've got a lot of momentum, and we're anticipating healthy growth this year, next year and beyond. We feel really good about where we are as a company. There are always challenges in this business, but we don't see anything on the horizon that we can't overcome. And now I'll hand it off to Dennis for the financial update, and then Jim will talk about the segments.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie mentioned, this morning we reported first quarter earnings from continuing operations of $0.72 per share. This represents a 47% increase over the $0.49 we reported a year ago. I would also like to note that on an adjusted basis, our rolling 4-quarter continuing EPS is $2.49 as compared to $2.26 for fiscal '13. Pretax return on invested capital for the past 12 months was just under 20%. Operating cash flow was strong in the first quarter at $361 million. Capital expenditures were $140 million for the quarter, as we continue to invest in projects for both our domestic and foreign operations that result in improved productive capabilities, labor efficiencies, yields and sales mix. During the first quarter, we acquired 4.6 million shares for $150 million under our share repurchase program. Since May 2011, we have repurchased 47.9 million shares for $1.1 billion. I'm also pleased to announce, yesterday our Board of Directors increased the authorized shares under this program by 25 million, and we now have 34.6 million shares available for repurchase. Our effective tax rate for continuing operations in Q1 was 34.3%. Net debt to EBITDA for the last 12 months was 0.6x and on a gross-debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 1x. Including cash of $825 million, net debt was $1.1 billion. Total liquidity was $1.8 billion, remaining well above the targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt was nearly -- was down nearly $0.5 billion from Q4 '13, coming in at $1.9 billion. As we reported in the last call, we paid off our $458 million convertible notes in October with cash on hand. Additionally, we issued 12 million shares at maturity for the conversion feature. And at the same time, we received 12 million shares under our bond hedge. This had the impact of finally canceling out the negative dilution impact we have been experiencing the last few years associated with convertible notes. However, we still have warrants outstanding related to this transaction that we'll exercise from January through April, which are already included in our diluted share count. For the quarter, our diluted shares outstanding were 354 million, which included dilution from warrants of 8 million shares and stock options of 5 million shares. Now here are some thoughts on the remainder of fiscal '14. We expect revenues of approximately $36 billion for fiscal '14, up 5% over fiscal '13. Net interest expense should be about $100 million, down $37 million from fiscal '13. The effective tax rate for continuing operations should be around 35.5%. And our CapEx plan remains at $700 million, up $140 million from fiscal '13 and $180 million greater than our depreciation and amortization expense. Based on our average share price in Q1, we expect our diluted shares in Q2 to remain around 354 million prior to considering any changes in our stock price, which would impact the dilution from warrants and stock options. This also does not reflect the impact of any additional stock buybacks. Our priorities for excess cash remain the same, which include additional capital spending to improve and grow our existing businesses, acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies around value-added products in our international footprint and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while ensuring we maintain plenty of liquidity at our disposal. As Donnie mentioned earlier, we have a lot of momentum going, and we feel great about where we are as a company. Fiscal '14 is off to a fabulous start with a 47% EPS improvement over prior year in Q1. And Q2, while softer and seasonally more challenging, should beat last year, and the third and fourth quarter should be really strong. Although we don't normally provide guidance, the last couple of quarters, we referenced the back half of fiscal '13 times 2, which implied about $2.78 earnings per share for fiscal '14. While it is still early in the year, we are confident we can deliver at least that number, which would be in excess of 23% EPS growth for the year, and we are poised for at least 10% EPS growth in 2015 and beyond. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a closer look into our operating segments.
James V. Lochner: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. Starting with the Pork segment, in the first quarter, we reported $121 million in operating income and an 8.5% return on sales. Volume decreased 2.1% compared to Q1 '13. The available supplies of hogs were lower year-over-year, and we adjusted our weekly volumes accordingly. Sales prices are up 6.7% due to mix changes and price increases associated with the lower total pork supplies. This helped to offset the lower U.S. total exports. We're now 1/3 of the way into our second fiscal quarter, and we're about where we thought we'd be, meaning we're performing well and on track managing revenue drivers such as mix, yields and pricing. This fiscal year, we expect the PED virus to impact domestic hog supplies by 2% to 4%. In our plant locations, we'll see the effects in the summer months. Heavier weights will offset some of the headcount reductions, but we do expect to see wholesale price increases. We do not anticipate any issues running our plants. In the Chicken segment, we generated a record $225 million in operating income with 7.5% return on sales for the first quarter. Excluding international losses, Chicken margins were 9.5%. Volume was up 3.6% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '13 due to increased international production, outside buy and rendered product sales. In aggregate, pricing was down 1.4% year-over-year, predominantly from export sales, rendered products and international operations. Q2 is off to a good start, but this is typically our most challenging quarter. Looking further out, Chicken supplies for the last 3 quarters of our fiscal year are projected to increase around 2% over last year, reflecting the production cuts in 2013. We will continue our buy versus grow strategy in Chicken to make opportunistic open market purchases and value-up those sales. Currently, we project lower feed cost for the fiscal year to be around $600 million. As we discussed in previous calls, less than 10% of our contracts are annual fixed price and our focus is on helping our customers drive their businesses and generate category growth. So our pricing conversations lean more toward what our portfolio of products are worth to the customer and to the consumer. Turning to the Beef segment. In Q1, we generated $58 million in operating income and a 1.6% return on sales. Volume was up 4.1% over Q1 '13. Price was up 2.9%, reflecting higher beef wholesale cut pricing from reduced supplies and stronger overall exports. So far in Q2, we've seen historically high wholesale beef prices and the cutout has set records each week. Low production volumes relative to demand, particularly in ground beef, trim and the chuck and round cuts have driven the rapid rise in the overall cutout and Beef revenue. As a result, consumers will see higher retail beef prices. And as Donnie mentioned, we'll likely see fewer beef features at retail and foodservice this summer. We expect to have adequate supplies for our Beef operations as our plants are located close to the fed cattle supplies. In the Prepared Foods segment, operating income for the first quarter was $16 million with a 1.8% return on sales. Sales volume increased 3.5% versus the same quarter last year due to an improved demand and the additional volume associated with the Don Julio and Circle Foods acquisitions. Sales prices were up 4.2% as a result of mix improvements and price increases associated with higher input costs. Pricing gains, however, were not sufficient to fully offset increased inputs and additional cost associated with the investment in our lunchmeat business and the other Prepared Foods growth platforms in the quarter. In our Q4 earnings call, we talked about a couple of those growth opportunities, including Tyson DAY STARTS in the Frozen Breakfast category and Wright Brand Breakfast Sausage. And although they started shipping only a few weeks ago, we're already pleased with the customer acceptance and the volumes for both product lines. We'll continue to put MAP spending behind them and other Prepared Foods as we look for growth in the long term from this segment. In closing, I'd like to say thank you to our team members for their commitment to continuous improvement. Tyson Foods has made tremendous strides in recent years, and I still see a lot of runway ahead. As we announced in November, I've begun transitioning into retirement. And as a result, this will be my last earnings call. It's been a great experience getting to interact with investors and analysts over the years. And I've appreciated your willingness to learn about our business. That's the end of our prepared remarks. Shirley, we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Brett Hundley with BB&T Capital Markets.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Donnie, I just have a question for you. I'd love for you to give some just further overall color on the balance of fiscal '14 and then the outlook into fiscal '15. I think you made some -- or you guys made some interesting comments on both years. And Donnie, I think one of the things that has really helped to kind of re-rate your stock and support your stock is you guys coming out on the last call and on this call and reiterating segment guidance in the face of a number of challenges. And certainly, there's a lot of factors impacting you guys, PED, tight cattle supplies, cold weather, propane issues, oncoming chicken supply, now we have a resurgent bird flu in China and your slowdown there. And so I'm just kind of wondering how all of these plays out and affects earnings potential going forward, particularly as you guys mentioned at least 10% earnings growth in 2015.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Brett. So let me start with kind of reiterating what Dennis said in his comments. We're off to a very solid start in this year, great Q1. Our Q2 is typically softer, and it's certainly harder to predict. But it looks like to us that the back half of the year ought to be really strong. And so we're going to have a really good year and take a lot of momentum, by the way, into FY '15. So from where we sit today, we're confident in our ability to deliver at least that $2.78 or so. So let me talk about each segment just a little bit. Obviously, the Chicken segment is off to a strong start. We're headed into a lower cost environment with a little higher supply, 2% to 3%. But we're also going to see, I think, a halo effect from high-priced beef and pork. So it feels like to me that the Chicken segment is just going to have a really super year. Most of the issues in international for the year are behind us, and we'll be getting continually better there and taking more positive momentum into FY '15 there. Beef and Pork looked to be very similar to last year. So be thinking of that equal, too. And if either one, maybe a little better. In Prepared Foods, obviously, we're investing in our growth platforms, and it looks like that we're going to be about like where we were 1 year ago and could possibly do better there as well. So feel good there. When you look at the overall balance sheet, debt's low, we're at a point -- our net debt is 0.6x EBITDA. So we've got a lot of dry powder, we're going to throw off a lot of cash this year. Plenty to do the CapEx we need to do, we'll be well above depreciation and amortization again this year. So we've got opportunity for more value-added acquisitions that fit. And we'll continue to return cash to shareholders. So if you take the new acquisitions that we've made in Prepared Foods, they'll start contributing in -- well, they're contributing now, and good opportunities for growth in those businesses, and they'll be contributing in FY '15 and beyond. Like I said, we're taking our foot off the gas a little bit in China, but we're still on the road. And when the market dynamics give us an opportunity, we'll certainly continue to press forward there and we'll gain more momentum in our international business in '15. So feels real solid, we've got a great future. Obviously, with that laundry list of stuff you mentioned, we always have challenges to our business, but we really don't see anything that we're not going to be able to overcome now.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: All right. That's very helpful. And then I just have a follow-up on Chicken. You guys did very well during the quarter. And I would expect, given your business make-up there, for you guys to continue to do well. I just wanted to ask you about this polar vortex that's gripping the nation, in predominantly the Midwest and Southeast. And as it relates to your Chicken business, a, do you guys hedge forward on natural gas? And then b, if your growers are having -- and of course, that natural gas is at the plant level. But, b, if your growers are having issues with propane, would the company step in or be able to step in, and would that affect margins at all?
Donnie Smith: Yes, great question. We stay fairly close in natural gas. We might have natural gas purchased a couple of months out in front of us, that kind of thing. So as we do in grain, we take a fairly conservative but sensible approach to how we manage our commodity purchases. On the propane issue for the growers, I'll tell you, we have a great team of people that came together, and we've actually been buying propane down in Houston and transporting it into the areas where our growers had need. So I'm not aware of any grower that's growing for Tyson Foods that doesn't have the propane they need to be able to take care of those chickens. And I'd tell you, it's just been a heroic effort by a large group of people. I'm really proud of them for jumping in there and, frankly, coming to the rescue for some of our growers. And yes, we will be making some adjustments in our grower pay to make sure that we take care of our growers during all of this. So we've got a great live production team. And by the way, we have great growers. And so they've worked together to make sure that we've mitigated the risk of this to our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMC.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in PEDv right now? I assume it's not very constructive since you just took your expectation down for hog availability so dramatically. And also, you did take your estimate for chicken supply for the industry down this year as well. If I'm not mistaken, it was 3% or 4% last quarter, now it's officially 3%, and on the call, you're talking a little more like 2%. Can you just add a little color, what you're seeing there to maybe drive that decline in your forecast?
Donnie Smith: Sure. Jim, you take that one.
James V. Lochner: Yes. When I referenced that Chicken supply, as I said, the last 3 quarters annualized would be the same. And I just took the first quarter, which was behind us. So I said going forward, all the analysts I looked at and the data we looked at, implies around 2% for the last 3 quarters. And now referencing the PED, that's a very fluid situation. It seems like either at least weekly, but sometimes even daily, new evidence comes out. And we do expect that it might be influencing up to 30% of the sow herd, with 10% or so impact on the available pigs impacted. So there is where the 3% comes from. Now if that increases to 40% or decreases, because a lot of that data is still flowing in, that will have some influence. So that offset -- that would offset any of the productivity gains of the balance, let's say it is 30%, the 70% would have some productivity gains, and we probably are likely to see some increase in carcass weight to offset at least some of the pounds lost from the head loss. But I do want to emphasize, information does come out fairly regularly and it's being assimilated. And we're just staying very on top of it, region to region, producer to producer.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Best guess, Jim, is PED better in terms of less spread, or worse than what most media reports have come out with?
James V. Lochner: I'm not sure -- is it spread to a greater degree or lesser degree?
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, I didn't ask that very deftly. But is it -- I guess, is it spread to a greater degree or a less degree -- lesser degree than what most people think?
James V. Lochner: I don't know what most people think. So I'm hearing it's spreading in states, and what we're really tracking is: how many sows are impacted, when. Because it impacts the baby pig mortality. So then 5 to 6 months out, there would be fewer pigs available. So that's how we're tracking it. But some people believe it's -- well, it has spread into more states. So it's the extent in the number of sows impacted that we're really monitoring.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: National Beef announced the closure of the Brawley, California plant this morning. How do you anticipate that impacts service supply-demand in the beef market? And will that impact or benefit Tyson's facilities in particular?
James V. Lochner: Well, we just found that out this morning, and we're familiar with their daily head capacity. That plant's in California and there's generally a feedlot supply around. So it will take daily capacity out. Our best guess is around 2,000 head per day. So that obviously means those cattle will have to be marketed somewhere else, so they'll flow, I guess, east and potentially north, to different packers. And it is consistent, I guess, with what we've been saying all along, as the calf crop declines and the noncompetitive feedlot areas or noncompetitive plants or the combination thereof, we'll probably have to curtail production. So we were a bit surprised to see it this morning. But I guess, to some extent, we've always felt that -- and anticipated something like that would happen.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on Prepared Foods. You've done 3 sort of tack-on acquisitions in that space. Could you just share with us, combined, what the sales of those 3 acquisitions are and kind of your vision for Prepared Foods longer term into 2015? Because clearly, you're taking hits in terms of the plant, et cetera. What's the potential and outlook in 2015 for that division?
Donnie Smith: So no particular specifics on the 3 acquisitions. But our Prepared Foods business is really a broad mix of different types of businesses that are frankly at different stages of maturity. We've got some businesses that are mature and have -- generate great results, and then we've got some that we're building, and we talked about lunchmeat before and continuing to fix that business. And we're investing a lot in those businesses, as Jim referenced, a couple of new product rollouts. And Farha, if we just -- I don't want to get too specific here, but if we took off the MAP spending that -- which we won't, but if we just kind of adjusted back the MAP spending, our Prepared Foods segment would be above 4%. So we're spending a lot, we're investing a lot in this business. I view Prepared Foods a lot like where we were in Chicken 4, 5 years ago, where we just had to -- getting the basics and build a strong foundation under that business. And you can see kind of the results 2, 3, 4 years later about doing all of that work. We're working on our footprint. So anyway, if you just look forward into our vision in Prepared Foods, continue to think about a broad portfolio of items that meet changing consumer requirements. We've got very broad capabilities. We've got access to raw materials. Obviously, we've got a great, sound capital structure and the ability to invest in those businesses, and we'll continue to do that. And you should expect to see strong growth in Prepared Foods.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: In 2015?
Donnie Smith: Right. I mean, and again, think of this year at least equal to last year, maybe a tad better. But as we go forward, that segment should continue to improve as we see the benefit from the investments that we're making today.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rachel Nabatian: This is Rachel Nabatian, in for Rob. So I just wanted to get an update on the annual negotiations with foodservice customers that you recently had, and pricing. With the benefit of lower grain at $600 million now, do you think that you would be able to maybe hang on to half of that benefit in pricing and then pass the rest of it onto your customers?
Donnie Smith: So very pleased with how, let's call it contracting season, went. Our customers recognize that we grow their categories and we grow their businesses and we spur their demand. So we're being recognized for the quality and the service and the insights-driven innovation. And as Jim mentioned in his comments, that keeps our conversations with customers much more focused on what our products and our offering and our service to their business is worth than rather just what it costs. Again, let me remind you, our fixed annual price exposure is less than 10%. Now getting to the how much of the grain, question, we'll hang on to. I don't want to answer that specifically, but let me answer it this way. Remember that we've talked about our pricing profile, as today, is much more reflective of the inputs, and we've made that change over the last 2, 3 years. Over half of our pricing contracts today either adjust for grain cost or market value. So that helps us protect our dollar margins and gives us a lot more stability in up or down grain markets. Remember, chicken is still the best valued protein relative to all the other competing proteins. I guess, third thing is, again, our quality, our service, our innovative capabilities make us a go-to supplier for our customers, and we're getting paid for the value that we add to their business. Again, we mentioned this, too, our buy versus grow strategy, we continue to keep our supply short of demand and we'll capitalize on buying less expensive raw materials as we continue to supply more breast meat per capita. So we'll continue to buy those cheaper raw materials. And then the last thing I'd say is we're going to continue to grow our value-added mix and, of course, that provides us some protection from the underlying commodity markets. So if you tie all those things together, that gives us a great opportunity to hold on, if you want to call it that, to the grain benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: Just wanted to circle back on a couple of things. With respect to your outlook for exports in the upcoming year, if you could kind of break it down sort of protein by protein, what your expectations are for the U.S. exports for beef, chicken and pork?
James V. Lochner: Let me start with beef, I think we'll continue to see an increase, probably not at the same rate that we saw last year because Japan's entrance, and expanded to 30 months and down, certainly was a boost. But again, we continue -- we think we'll see U.S. beef exports continue to grow, probably in that 2% to 3%, and that's aligned with most people's expectations. Pork this year is down, '13 versus '12 it was down about, let's see, I think around 7% or 8%. But I don't think we'll see that same decline this year. In fact, I'm one who thinks it will probably increase. Although I can tell you there's a big divergence of opinions on most analysts to what they think pork exports are going to do this year. And then chicken exports, I consider -- I expect it will continue to grow at the 2% to 3% year-over-year. So -- and overall, again, domestic availability of protein's probably going to come down, which should be supportive of the wholesale pricing as a whole. Obviously, we'll see less beef, right now, the way PED is going to impact pork, we should see less pork than anticipated. Prior to that, most people were thinking it would be up. But I think that will be down. And then if chicken exports continued to improve and we don't think -- and we think we're beyond the year-over-year major increase, so again, I think we're going to see very supportive prices for all the wholesale meat cuts and poultry cuts this year.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up on the Chicken side, if you can break it down a little bit more in terms of which markets you see growing. Because obviously, last year, we the Mexico AI outbreak in the second quarter. Just if you could sort of break it out market by market, and kind of is it your belief that commodity, like order [ph] prices could start to rebound off of the declines we saw in the first quarter?
James V. Lochner: Actually, we'd say that there won't be any market that's probably going to go down. We don't see any softness in Mexico, we see Russia having to come back in, Angola, Canada, et cetera. We don't really see any market that's acutely going to go down. In fact, some of them, we don't see where that supply is going to come from. So that's where the modest increase. And I think potentially, it could be stronger than what I just said. But really, we don't see any country at this point as a threat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So my first question is on Chicken. And Donnie, you mentioned, it's shaping up to be a good year and thanks for breaking out the U.S. margin. So my question is really how good can it get? The way I'm thinking about it, so help me if I'm thinking about it correctly, your cost came down sequentially, it seems like $0.07 or $0.08 a pound. I would expect those to be sort of stable sequentially for the rest of the year, unless grain prices change. And I would expect revenue per pound to continue to increase as the fiscal year progresses. So I would think that your U.S. margin, at 9.5%, is biased upward sequentially unless I'm thinking about that incorrectly. And then you mentioned on the international side, things should continue to get better. So am I thinking about that generally correctly where your margins should improve from where we've seen them in 1Q?
Donnie Smith: I think you're a tad strong on your revenue growth for the balance of the year. We don't see it -- I guess the right way to put it, we don't see it deteriorating markedly. But I think continued growth in price per pound through the rest of the year is probably a little bit unrealistic. But still, hey, don't let that mean that we don't think this is going to be a really great year in Chicken. And I think you're right on our international business, it will -- the worst seems to be behind us and it's getting better. And it will continue to improve some through the year.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So the price per pound, my comment was sequentially. Did you mean that sequentially as well or you meant year-over-year?
Donnie Smith: Got it. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, sequentially, it will be better. Yes. I thought you meant from Q1 getting better into Q2, getting better into Q3, getting better into Q4. So yes, but sequentially, yes, you're correct.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up would be on the comment you made about 2Q being the most unpredictable. I would think that relates more to Pork and Beef and less so to Chicken. It just seem -- can you give us a little bit more on what you meant by that? Should it be higher or lower than $0.70? And what were you really trying to indicate by the comment on 2Q being a little bit difficult to anticipate?
Donnie Smith: Well, so I'm not going to give quarterly guidance. We struggle enough an annual. But our Q2 is not generally as strong as our Q1, I started -- that's what we mean by that. And in our Beef and Pork markets, coming out of the holidays, there's just typically a bit more volatility. It's a little harder to predict how things are going to turn out than when you get into high-demand seasons post-Memorial Day, right? So it's just a difficult quarter. I guess, it's a more difficult quarter to predict. But I'd say, our guys are on top of it. They're doing a great job managing our supply, they're doing a great job on our pricing. I feel really good about where we are. I didn't mean to over-imply anything scary about our Q2 comments, it's just Q2 is generally a little softer than Q1 and it will be this year and it's a little harder to predict. So -- but still going to have a great back half of the year and this will be a good year for us. Jim, do you want to add anything about Beef and Pork?
James V. Lochner: Beef is -- the Jan, Feb, March period is always very difficult. And this year's really extreme with record cutouts and they topped out at a choice cutout of 240. But in 2 weeks, they gave $10 of it back up. So it tends to be extremely volatile. And I feel really good about how we're navigating through this January period, particularly in Beef and Pork. So -- but the general statement is historically, this is usually our most challenging quarter and typically less than Q1 and Q3. But I personally have a lot of optimism 4 weeks into it.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Just a very brief question around some of the trends that we're seeing on the natural organic side. We've been seeing some of the national foodservice companies talking about sourcing more non-GMO ingredients. I know that you've launched a line in the last 2 years. But looking forward, I wanted to get a sense of whether you think that your current investment level is sufficient there? Or whether this is a segment that we should expect you investing in going forward over the next year or 2?
Donnie Smith: Yes, so last summer, or I guess late spring, we launched our no-antibiotic-ever line, NatureRaised Farms. As a total -- as a percent of the total meat sold, let's lump things into natural, I'm going to call it that. It's a pretty small percentage versus our traditional lines, but it's growing at a pretty healthy pace. And so it's something that we can't ignore. The category's big enough that a national player can make some difference in. So yes, we will continue to focus on the category. In terms of our investments, we've got a lot of things that we can invest in, in our business to continue to grow. That would be one of them. Feel good about our opportunity in that category. And so expect it -- expect to hear more of this in the future. But I don't look for any disproportional investment over the next year or 2, I would say, in our no-antibiotic-ever line.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Great. And just one follow-up question for Jim. With some of the supply constraints with the Australian drought, how are you thinking as far as imports of 90- or 50-CL trim? And how is Tyson positioning for potentially lower trim imports during 2014?
James V. Lochner: Lower trim imports are generally favorable to wholesale -- to domestic prices. But as always, the market likes to do its job. And we've seen very low cow kills, so therefore, low 90 beef manufacturing supplies in October, or in this -- particularly, October, November and December, more acute in December, which is extremely supportive to the trim and ground beef and chuck and round pricing coming into January. So the question will be how fast can they get it in the pipeline and will it neutralize some of this rapid price increase we've seen. But generally speaking, if you have lower imports, it's favorable to wholesale prices. And I think as we've seen these record-high ground beef prices, et cetera, that's part of that whole complex. So that's part of the big contributor to the beef cutout right there. So -- and it's a nice number, you can watch when it's coming in and look at it and its contribution to total domestic availability.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Question on Chicken. Clearly, the performance this quarter was a record. The outlook for the rest of the fiscal year is good. Supply's pretty contained, and the pricing environment, pretty healthy. And I guess, a little bit of thinking about 2015, as you start to see kind of maybe some more pressure on supplies, the breeder flock kind of gets rebuilt and one of your competitors has a new plant coming on stream. How confident are you in the 10% EPS growth in '15 if you start to see some cyclical pressures in Chicken?
Donnie Smith: Well, very. We manage the supply and the commodity risks through a variety of approaches. One is growing our value-added sales. Our value-added sales in Q1 grew by 6%. I think the total sales for the company was close to -- right at 5%, right? So we're going to make sure that we focus on growing our value-added sales in that 6% to 8% range. And then when you combine some of the other pricing things that we talked about a little bit earlier, plus our buy versus grow strategy, we have the opportunity to continue to grow our sales at a very good pace, whether we increase our production or not. So I feel great about our continued opportunities in 2015 to expand really our Prepared Foods business, our Chicken business, getting better in exports. So yes, feel very good about that.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then maybe just one more for me. In the quarter, SG&A, about 15% year-on-year, it's the highest level both on absolute basis and as a percent of sales since 2010. Is that just really accelerated MAP spending in Prepared Foods? Or anything else there that you could comment on?
Donnie Smith: No, it's predominantly MAP spending in our growth categories. So we're intent on growing that business and we needed to increase our MAP spending to be able to get to the category growth levels that we have to have to meet our objective. So that's what it is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Scott with CLSA.
Jeremy Scott - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Just a follow-up on China. When you say that you'll continue to plan for expansion, do you mean that you'll continue to get permits from the China government and just not build the chicken houses? Or do you mean that you're going to hold off on everything?
Donnie Smith: No, you're exactly right. We intend to continue to get our land-use permits and to have all of that in place so that when we get the demand signal that we're looking for, that we can begin construction on our houses. We will be -- at the end of this year, we will have both of our processing plants in China, 1 shift full of company-controlled birds. Now we were planning on being -- in the last half of this fiscal year, continuing the house build to be able to grow past that early in the first half of the year on company-controlled birds. But we're going to back off buying market birds and be at a single shift full at both plants with company-controlled birds at the end of this year. And our planning and everything we're doing is focused on that, with continuing to acquire the land to grow in the future. And if we get a demand signal that something is changing, we'll be able to put our foot back on the accelerator and go again because we fully intend to fill those plants out with company-controlled birds.
Operator: And our final question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have a couple of questions. Your 2014 outlook was always back half of 2000 run rate -- back half of 2013 run rate. But this quarter -- and then also that it was going to be more back-end loaded this year as well. But this quarter you, obviously, kept the run rate actually a little bit above the run rate. So my question is what exceeded your expectations? I mean, is there any change to the back half outlook for 2014?
Donnie Smith: Yes. I think for me, Beef probably outperformed a little more than what I was expecting it to. Prepared Foods was right where we thought it would be. Chicken is right where we thought it would be. Pork was pretty close. So it was probably Beef is what surprised us a little bit -- well, maybe not surprised us, but we're pleased with the performance. I'd tell you, Ken, coming in, I would have never predicted a 240 cutout in beef, right? So this is just an unpredictable quarter that we're in today. But yes, we feel very good about the rest of our year and carrying a lot of good momentum into '15.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So just to go back, so you don't have a change to your back half look. Because you basically said, all you said was we're going to be at least at what we thought. But you, and I'll use your own words, it was a fabulous start. So I'm assuming that, that fabulous start should be incremental to the full year when we think about the full year.
Donnie Smith: Hey, it could be. The door is open for us to do better. I'll tell you what, if we -- we will not miss an opportunity, if one presents itself, to increase our earnings, I promise. So -- but, hey, it's January and there's a few things that make it a little hard for us to predict. But I feel very comfortable about where we have been with the opportunity to get better, and we're certainly looking for every chance we get to do that.
James V. Lochner: I apologize for laughing, but we never miss an opportunity to do better.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But -- and then also I don't even talk to the beef packer margin, this -- the Jan to March period of time is usually a pretty rough period for beef packer margins. Obviously, you have the closure, and then on top of that, you've had beef packer margins that -- I mean, look, in 25 years of history, we've never seen a $200 change per head in beef packer margins. Again, granted it's what we see. But again, beef packer margins seem pretty solid. So this quarter, you keep on saying, hey look, obviously, we don't know the predictability. But clearly, the beef packer environment seems better. Can you talk to why it's better and the duration to which that should stay better?
James V. Lochner: I always remind everybody that it's the relationship of revenue to cattle cost that's where we make our money. So I always go back and say, we do make our money in the slope of change. And prior to that run-up to the cutout, cattle ran up, and the cutout, clearly, there was insufficient supply relative to demand, the pipeline, or the cupboard was bare. And to replenish the pipeline, prices really inflated very rapidly. So we've had more volatility, and we've navigated through that slope of change very well. And that's -- and we're coming through January much better than we did 1 year ago. So that's -- but what we really watch is, again, trying to make sure that we manage our mix, our price relative to fair market value and keep our cost in line, work on saving everything we can. And the only thing I know we have no influence over is what the live cattle are going to do. So I mean, if they're tight, they're going to go up and beef will follow it up or precede it up depending upon what the circumstances are doing, and that's the nature of the market. So again, a very volatile January, unprecedented both in incline and probably will be in decline. So it's an interesting time. But you can probably tell, we feel pretty good about how we came through it.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then my final question is you're slowing down -- this is probably more for Dennis, you're slowing down the CapEx spending on China but you maintained your CapEx spending at $700 million. What are you spending more on?
Dennis Leatherby: That's a great question, and we have still many great opportunities, both in Prepared Foods and even in our Chicken segment. So we're just moving it to a domestic bucket, high return projects that we feel really good about.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So your pipeline of CapEx projects, obviously, China being a big one to slowdown, the pipeline must be pretty substantial. Is that a fair statement?
Dennis Leatherby: It sure is.
Donnie Smith: Well, thanks for your time, everyone, and certainly, your interest in our company. I'm sorry to wrap this up so quickly, but we really do need to head off to our Shareholders' Meeting. So I want to ask you all to have a great weekend. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your line.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-11-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Michael Piken Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Rachel Nabatian
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I'll turn today's meeting over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and 2013 Fiscal Year. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer. I need to remind you our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. As we close the books on fiscal '13, I want to celebrate what Tyson Foods achieved this past year. We produced record earnings of $2.26 a share or 15% growth over the previous year, surpassing our goal of at least 10% EPS growth. We grew sales by 4%, achieving our goal and reaching a new record of $34.4 billion. Operating income grew 7% or $89 million over the prior year, despite $470 million of incremental feed cost. We grew sales of value-added products by nearly 6%, against a very aggressive goal of 6% to 8%. We made significant progress in building our international Chicken production, growing sales by 20% against a goal of 12% to 16%. We returned $650 million to shareholders by paying out $100 million in dividends and buying back 21.1 million shares of stock for $550 million. Our stock was up 78% for the fiscal year, and we reached a new all-time high stock price. ROIC continues to be over 18%. At the end of the fiscal year, net debt was $1.3 billion and net debt to cap was at 17%. We made 2 Prepared Foods acquisitions, Don Julio and Circle Foods. And we had a greater focus on growth drivers, while maintaining a steadfast commitment to operational excellence, which is carrying us into another year of growth in 2014. That's what we did. Now let's look at the macro environment we were operating in. We continued to see a shift away from foodservice into retail, reflecting the overall economy. Now that's not to say our foodservice business wasn't successful. In fact, it did very well in a challenging year for the foodservice industry, in general. We were nimble to respond as consumers moved among proteins and channels, depending on their confidence in the economy and the effect gas prices had on disposable income. We're also seeing more bifurcation among consumers between those choosing higher-priced value-added products and those moving down the value stream to save money. According to Nielsen data, for the year coinciding with our fiscal year, total fresh meat pounds sold at retail were up 1.4%, while pricing was up 2.3%. Ground beef and fresh beef pounds declined 0.3% and 1.4%, respectively, as price rose over 3%. Pork pounds increased 5% as price declined 4%. Fresh chicken was the winner, with pounds up 2%, even with a 7% increase in pricing, indicating that chicken was still viewed as a value relative to the other proteins. Tyson captured share as the #1 brand of fresh chicken in the United States. Now let's take a moment to talk about where we're going and how we'll get there. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing several new leadership positions. This structure is focused on the key elements of our strategy, allowing us to accelerate our growth, reinforce our operational excellence and create opportunities for our team by deepening our best in class talent. By separating our poultry and Prepared Foods division, we are sharpening our focus on these 2 crucial growth areas. Noel White, a proven leader in our fresh meats business will now be leading our poultry division. Steve Stouffer, a 30-year veteran of our fresh meats business will lead our fresh meats team. Donnie King will be leading our Prepared Foods division and will create an integrated sales and marketing organization to strengthen our customer relationships. Hal Carper will lead in the areas of strategy and new ventures. I'm excited about these changes because they will allow us to capitalize on these leaders' considerable experience and talent, as we carry out our long-term growth plans. As we make these transitions, we will minimize distractions and concentrate on customer service, product quality and innovation. This morning, we'll also announce Jim Lochner's decision to retire at the end of our 2014 fiscal year. During the upcoming year, Jim will be working with the fresh meats group to ensure smooth transition, and he will help us make the move to a new organizational structure. I personally want to thank Jim for being an integral part of developing our performance-based, metrics-driven approach to business. Operational excellence is a hallmark of our culture. And as Jim makes his transition, he will help us sustain this mindset for long-term success and growth beyond 2014. He will continue in an advisory role for several more years. I'm happy that Jim will get to enjoy the rewards of his 4 decades of hard work and dedication. I just said a lot about growth and strategy in the future. But I'd like to give you some specific examples that illustrate how we're executing on these broad concepts. So we study consumers' needs and behaviors, and we have identified opportunities to grow retail value-added sales beyond center-of-the-plate chicken. Breakfast emerged as a high-potential category. Wright brand Breakfast Sausage is a natural follower to Wright Bacon, and a category that makes perfect sense for us as a leading pork processor. We recently rolled out Wright sausage, starting in the Southeast where Wright Bacon has the strongest following. And we're supporting this premium product line with highly targeted media. Another breakfast category, frozen handheld, is also a good fit for us. At nearly $1 billion in annual sales, it's a large category that grew more than 20% over the last year. Consumers told us they think a good breakfast should include protein, and Tyson is the brand they trust to deliver high-quality protein. 48% of consumers who buy frozen breakfast items also buy Tyson frozen value-added chicken. So we have a base of familiarity and positive perceptions as we enter this new era. We're launching 7 products under the Tyson DAY STARTS brand that will include biscuit sandwiches, flatbreads and wrapped omelettes. After consumer taste testing, 93% of consumers who already buy in this category said they would buy Tyson DAY STARTS and 89% said our products were better than anything currently on the market. Sell-in is underway now, and we've received a great response from our customers. We'll begin shipping in January, and we'll support our entry into this category with significant MAP spending. DAY STARTS is a great example of our push for innovation, as we set a goal to have 20% of our domestic poultry and Prepared Foods sales coming from new product innovation. We define that as something that we've developed within the past 3 years. And in 2013, we exceeded our goal with 21.5% of our sales resulting from innovation. Turning to another growth area, international. This time last year, projections for improvement in our international performance would be around $80 million, but due to avian influenza in China and a weak fourth quarter in Mexico, we improved by only $45 million. I'll quickly add that I'm still confident in our business plans in China, Brazil, Mexico and India and believe that we're headed in the right direction for long-term success. Before we go to Dennis, I'd like to give you an indication of what to expect from Tyson in 2014. First on the list is paying off the $458 million in convertible notes, which we did in early October in cash. It should be another very good year of growth, and we're off to a strong start, especially in the Chicken segment. On our last call, we said, overall, 2014 would look a lot like the back half of 2013 times 2. We still see it that way, meaning we should over-deliver on our EPS growth goal of at least 10% a year. And like 2013, we think earnings will be more weighted to the third and fourth quarters. As a reminder, our other annual goal is for 3% to 4% top line sales growth, 6% to 8% value-added sales growth and 12% to 16% international sales growth. We expect an ROIC that continues to grow and drive shareholder value. With AI and China hopefully behind us, our plan is to reach breakeven profitability and processing almost 100% company controlled birds by the end of fiscal year. As I just explained, we'll roll out several major product launches, including Tyson DAY STARTS and Wright brand Breakfast Sausage. We'll stay focused on our strategy, investing in growth and setting ourselves up for a great 2015 and beyond. Now let's go to Dennis for the financial update, followed by Jim with the segment results.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. I also want to personally thank Jim publicly for his great leadership role and our turnaround and ongoing success. Jim, I thoroughly enjoy working with you, and I'm glad you're still going to be around to help us achieve our long-term strategic plans. In this morning's earnings release, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $0.70 per share, up 23% compared to $0.57 per share a year ago. As a result of another strong quarter, I'm pleased to report a record year of earnings from continuing operations of $2.31 or $2.26 after excluding the currency translation adjustment in the second quarter. This $2.26 adjusted EPS compares to $1.97 adjusted EPS in 2012, up 15% year-over-year and beats our previous best of $2.22 in 2010 despite $1.4 billion in increased feed costs and many other significant challenges since 2010. Pretax return on invested capital for the past 12 months was 18.5%. Over the past 3 years, pretax ROIC has averaged just over 18%, again in the face of considerable challenges. Our operating cash flow for 2013 was $1.3 billion and is consistent with our 4-year average. We have shown the ability to sustain high levels of cash generation, and this should increase as we continue to grow our earnings. Capital expenditures were $133 million for the quarter, bringing the 2013 total to $558 million. During the fourth quarter, we acquired 9.9 million shares for $300 million under our share repurchase program. Since May 2011, we have repurchased 43.3 million shares for $950 million. Our effective tax rate from continuing operations was 32.5%. For the full year, the effective tax rate from continuing operations was 32.6% or 33.1% excluding the currency translation adjustment in the second quarter. Net debt to EBITDA for the last 12 months was 0.7x. On a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 1.3x. Including cash of more than $1.1 billion, net debt was just under $1.3 billion. Total liquidity was $2.1 billion, well above our targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt was just over $2.4 billion. I'm pleased to report that our $458 million convertible notes matured 2 weeks after our year end, and we paid the balance with cash on hand. Our diluted average shares for the fourth quarter was 370 million. This included dilution of 12 million for our convertible notes, 6 million for the warrants and 5 million for stock options. As we previously reported, we had call options for the convertible notes, which will cancel out its dilution starting in Q1 of 2014. As a result, our diluted shares will decrease in Q1 by the 12 million shares from these convertible notes. Additionally, in Q1, we should realize a reduction of another 4 million diluted shares versus Q4 of 2013, as we benefit from the full impact of the Q4 share repurchases. Now looking forward, here are some additional thoughts on 2014. We expect revenues of $36 billion, up almost 5% over 2013. Net interest expense should be about $100 million, down $38 million from 2013, primarily due to the payoff of our convertible notes. The effective tax rate should be around 35%. Our preliminary CapEx plan is around $700 million, up $140 million from 2013 and $180 million greater than our depreciation and amortization expense. Based on our average share price in Q4, we expect our diluted shares in Q1 to be around 354 million, prior to considering changes in our stock price, which would impact the dilution from the warrants and stock options. This also does not reflect the impact of any additional share buybacks. And finally, this morning, we reported our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend from $0.05 to $0.075 per share on our Class A common stock, a 50% increase payable on December 13. Over the past 4 years, we have made a lot of improvements that have provided us with a balance sheet that we believe is a competitive advantage and is a solid foundation for our strategic growth plan. During this time, we have generated $5 billion in operating cash flows, and that is after funding $700 million in working capital increases. We invested $2.5 billion back into our business, including acquisitions, which is $0.5 billion greater than depreciation and amortization and is a further reflection of our growth plans. We also paid down over $1 billion in debt and returned $1.3 billion back to our shareholders via share buybacks and dividends. Our priorities for excess cash remain the same, which include additional capital spending to improve and grow our existing businesses, acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies around value-added products and our international footprint and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while ensuring we maintain plenty of liquidity at our disposal. As Donnie mentioned earlier, we are off to a strong start in 2014 and we still expect it to look like the back half of 2013 times 2, with the strongest quarters in Q3 and Q4. This would be well ahead of our annual goal to deliver at least 10% EPS growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim for a closer look into our operating segments.
James V. Lochner: Donnie, Dennis, I appreciate your kind words earlier. I've always had a goal to retire at 62, and we have worked on the development of the team and the organizational structure, which allows me to accomplish this. I feel very fortunate to have worked with some really great people over the last several decades. I'm excited to begin the next chapter of my life, and I'm also very excited about the future of Tyson Foods. I really like the new organizational structure and the senior leadership changes, and I look forward to supporting this great team over the next year and beyond. I am confident Tyson is poised to move to the next level. The new structure, processes, people and strategy are aligning in such a way that the earnings power of this company can move to a higher plane, and I'm looking forward to watching it happen. Now let's talk about the segments. Starting with the Chicken segment, in the fourth quarter, we reported $175 million in operating income and a 5.5% return on sales. Volume and pricing increased 2.4% and 4.3%, respectively, over Q4 last year. Through operational mix and price improvements, we offset a $30 million increase in feed costs for the quarter. For the fiscal year, the Chicken segment produced $646 million in operating income and a 5.3% return on sales. Volume for the year was up nearly 2%, while price per pound was up over 6%, which partially offset the $470 million incremental feed costs for the year. Our buy versus grow strategy continues to work for us. By keeping our production short of demand, we can make opportunistic purchases on the open market for breast meat used and value-added products, while keeping our late quarter inventories in check. We will maintain this strategy into fiscal 2014 as it allows us to be responsive to customer needs and market shifts. Seven weeks into the new fiscal year, the Chicken segment is off to a strong start. We expect Chicken supplies to be up 3% to 4% for the year, but we also expect demand to be up as well, due to the relative strength in beef and pork pricing and chicken features at both foodservice and retail. We will continue to diversify to a more value-added product mix in total, particularly focusing on dark meat products for domestic customers. We currently project our feed costs will decrease approximately $500 million in fiscal '14. However, the cost of grain is only 1 factor in our pricing conversations with customers. Chicken supply and consumer demand, along with the value we provide through quality, service and innovation, are all part of the pricing dynamic. They are important factors in the growth of our domestic Chicken business as well, as we continue on a path to develop more value-added chicken products in addition to increasing chicken production in our international locations. Turning to the Beef segment. In the fourth quarter, we generated $162 million in operating income and a 4.3% return on sales. Volume was up 4%, while price was up nearly 5%. For the fiscal year, operating income was $296 million, with a 2.1% return on sales. Volume for the year was down nearly 2%, while pricing increased 6.6%. Our beef exports increased, while overall industry exports declined. 2014 will have challenges similar to those we experienced in 2013. And like last year, we'll concentrate on being a best-in-class producer, growing exports, increasing revenue through premium programs and brands, such as Star Ranch Angus, Open Prairie Natural beef, Reuben brand Corned Beef and our Case Ready program. And we'll continue providing our customers with options by adding value to wholesale cuts, such as our closely trimmed subprimals. Moving on to the Pork segment. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $68 million, with a 4.9% return on sales. Pricing was up 12.6% on a 5.6% decrease in volume. For the fiscal year, operating income was $332 million and return on sales was 6.1%. Price was up approximately 2% on 3.6% fewer pounds. A ban on ractopamine limited total U.S. exports to Russia and China. We are working with our customers in both countries, especially China, to meet their specific needs. We adjusted by keeping our supply in balance with demand, which accounts for some of our volume decrease. Additionally, we adjusted our mix to increase price realization. The effects of the PED virus started showing up this month, although we are not expecting shortages in our plants, the overall reduced volumes should be favorable for wholesale pricing. As with Beef, we continued to increase revenue in the Pork segment through product mix and premium programs, such as case-ready pork and the high-quality Chairman's Reserve and Supreme Tender brands. We think 2014 will be another solid year for the Pork segment, and we will work to maintain and build on our reputation as a best-in-class producer. In the Prepared Foods segment, we generated $16 million in operating income for the fourth quarter with a 1.8% return on sales. Price was up nearly 4% and volume increased 5.2%. For the fiscal year, Prepared Foods operating income was $101 million and return on sales was 3%. Price was up less than 1% and volume was up almost 2%. Our Prepared Foods segment is a mix of strong profitable businesses, growth platforms and businesses in the early stages of turnaround and startup. While not in the normalized range, there are numerous factors that led to these results, including conscious decisions we made. Because we view Prepared Foods as a growth vehicle, we have been investing heavily in new product categories and expanding existing categories. In addition to the frozen breakfast and raw sausage Donnie mentioned, we're entering the smoked dinner meats category as well. As we've discussed before, we're investing to make a push to expand our highly value-added offerings in all channels. We expect our Houston lunchmeat plant to come back online in December. We have invested in that location to allow us more packaging and mix flexibility because we see it as a longer-term higher-margin play. As we work to become a low-cost, high-quality lunchmeat provider, we expect steady improvement in this business over the year. Although investing in turnarounds and startup businesses, along with MAP spending, have diluted Prepared Foods segment profitability in 2013, we're building a foundation for future growth. If we added these investments back in, profitability would have been in the historical range. Looking 2 to 3 years out, our model suggests strong returns for the products and categories we're working on now. In closing, I'd like to thank the Tyson management team for their attention to details, starting with taking care of the customer, taking care of our team members and driving a spirit of continuous improvement. Their enthusiasm to take on new challenges has been very gratifying. That's the end of our prepared remarks. Candy, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Jim, I just want to congratulate you on your retirement. It is well deserved and we will definitely miss you. Thank you very much for all your help throughout the years. So we will miss you.
James V. Lochner: I appreciate that very much.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Let me just go to some questions as well. Look, Tyson's free cash flow has accelerated over the last couple of quarters to like new levels. So my question is, at these current run rates, are these the current -- is this the current run rate of cash that you expect at these current levels? Or can it even accelerate to new levels? And your share repurchases, clearly, have accelerated in the last quarter. Is that the new run rate of how you're thinking about cash -- deployment of cash for the next year or 2?
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks, Ken. Multipart answer. First, I want to say that yes, we are on a new run rate as we continue to grow earnings like we said back half times 2. That would certainly mean more cash flow, and so more options for us to deal with that cash flow. So we want to just reiterate that it's first on growth, CapEx over and above depreciation for our existing businesses, acquisition activity and then returning it back to shareholders. But you're right, cash flow is growing.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. But what about share repurchases? Because I think you did 300, going from 250 -- it was 550 for the year. You're at 300 for the last quarter. I don't know if the 550, 600 is the new run rate on an annual basis that we could start thinking about it. Is that the way to think about it?
Dennis Leatherby: It certainly would be more, Ken. But it depends on what might come in front of it in terms of growth opportunities.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then my second question is when I look at your numbers, I get that you've committed to doubling the back half of 2013 throughout the year, but if I actually take your numbers and use your quantitative guidance, I get a much higher number than what you're saying. I'm not saying that you do not want to be conservative here, but is there something wrong with my math of how I'm doing it? Because the numbers that you're saying with the share count, where it is, plus the Chicken margins being at the higher end or above, Beef being the same, I'm getting to more -- numbers -- at least $0.10, $0.15 ahead of what you're implying on the double. Can you talk to that?
Donnie Smith: Sure, Ken. Like we said, we're off to a good start, particularly in Chicken in this fiscal year, which feels really good. I think the things you can have in mind, we feel good about our top line sales growth. We feel good about our value-added sales growth being in that 6% to 8% range. In Chicken, we are heading into a lower-cost environment. A little bit higher supply, but we also think that will be offset with some, call it, pricing halo effect from really high-priced beef and pork this year. So we like the way that the chicken supply and demand fundamentals are setting up. We'll continue to get some tailwinds from grain, moving on through our Q1 and then into Q2. And as Jim said in his comments, we've done a great job with our quality service and innovation, and we think that will pay off in our pricing conversations with our customers because they view our product offering as one that has additional value because of those attributes. If you look at Beef and Pork, it looks like to me that the supply dynamic is set up next year or 2014 to about like 2013. Jim talked about Prepared Foods, certainly, with Houston coming on -- our new technology coming on in December. We expect that business, our lunchmeat business, to get better through the year. So that has the potential to be additive. In our international business, Mexico has been a little difficult for us in the pricing so far this quarter. But that deal seems to be -- the market seems to be firming up a little bit. The supply seems to be -- giving us an opportunity to get our pricing up on top of us a little bit. China is still -- we're still getting better in China as we get more of our housing, in our company-controlled housing, our costs will get better. So as we ramp through the year, we anticipate that part of our business being profitable by the tail end of the year. So it feels like to us we've got some early tailwinds and some possibilities to gain momentum through the year. So that's how we feel about it.
Operator: Next question, Brett Hundley of BB&T Capital Markets.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Jim, let me offer my congratulations as well. If I can even offer congratulations on your retirement, I don't know if you can call it that. It sounds like they're going to hold on to you pretty well, but congratulations.
James V. Lochner: Yes. We'll be [indiscernible] to that though, don't worry. But thank you.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I wanted to start with Pork. Jim, I thought your comment was very interesting on not expecting shortages at company plants related to PED. And I wanted to work through some of my calculations with you and see maybe if this is how you're thinking about it or just to get further clarity. But when we heard about PED expanding like it has been in North Carolina, we were thinking maybe anywhere from a 3% to 5% potential reduction in headcount, call it, February through April, May, June kind of a thing. However, we're also noticing increased weights, increased litter rates, increased gilt retention. We think there could be stronger demand in periods going forward, potentially related to demand from Asia for U.S. product. And so I had thought that we could see some offsets there. But I just want to get a, to see if you agree with that; but b, what you're really talking about when you state that you don't expect big reductions at your plants.
James V. Lochner: Let me start with some of the swine veterinarians that we've talked to around the country, would suggest that about 10% of the sows in the U.S., somewhere a little -- on the 550 -- 550,000 zone might be impacted. And generally, it's thought it might impact 10% productivity on the effective herd. So that quickly equates to about a potential on an annualized basis of 1%. So the key will be just kind of at what points and what locations. But it seems that Oklahoma and North Carolina zones were early impacted, haven't heard yet. Although I'm sure that we expect to see some impact, the upper Midwest and the Corn Belt. But again, if I base it on that, we kind of expect to see that 1% impact could be greater, but we also -- it would maybe just negate the productivity increases we've been seeing. And we -- and I agree with you, I think particularly on the wholesale pricing side that I think the export demand in total will probably start to increase for 2014. And so a combination of containment of potential increases in pounds produced, with exports should be fairly favorable for wholesale pricing increases.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. And then my follow-up is related to pork, but it has implications for other proteins. And certainly, Donnie, you talked about the picture and the outlook for chicken, and I certainly agree with you on the demand side. My only worry would be on supplies potentially building greater than expected. But back to the demand side, we've noticed some recent featuring of Pork items at QSR. And a lot of times, the featuring tends to be temporary. Do you worry at all that this recent activity shows some consumer fatigue surrounding all the chicken featuring that's been done? Or how do you view the demand dynamics going forward through fiscal '14? I appreciate it.
Donnie Smith: Sure. Yes. Well, it’s great to have a diversified portfolio because we can take advantage of whatever they're featuring. But here's how we view it: Beef 50s and Beef 90s look like they're going to have another really, really strong year. So if you're a QSR, in the last couple of years, you've been running chicken promotions, it's going to be really hard to comp a chicken promotion with a beef promotion. So -- and that's more likely than not, that would dominate the feature activity. So the great thing about chicken is it carries a lot of flavors, shapes and forms, and I don't see any fatigue at all at QSR for chicken. So here's kind of the way we think about it: So beef and pork prices ought to be pretty high, beef prices particularly, which sets up a pretty good halo in chicken, relatively speaking is a very good value when compared to those high beef prices. So we continue to think you'll see a demand shift. In some of the numbers that we talked about, you got chicken pounds up 2% on 7% increase in pricing year-over-year. And what we saw was the beef pounds kind of struggled a little bit as they reached some pricing elasticity. Now the key thing about us in the beef and pork deal has been around where the animals are. And we're very well positioned from a supply base around a lot of the feedlots -- that are high-volume, high-capacity feedlots. So we like the way our Beef business is set up this year. We view it a lot like we did last year. Did that help?
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Very much so.
Operator: Next question is from Farha Aslam of Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Jim, congratulations on a very, very successful career.
James V. Lochner: Thank you.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And my first question is on Chicken, Donnie, you had mentioned that you're really managing Tyson's U.S. business for earnings consistency, as well as growth. Could you just highlight how Tyson approaches Chicken that will -- might help the company manage through the ups and downs of the commodity volatility, better than possibly the rest of the industry?
Donnie Smith: Sure, Farha, thanks. A couple of principles that are really important to us is maintaining a manageable minimum of inventory and then the second thing is we never want to get long chicken. We all -- we don't want an excess supply. So our buy versus grow strategy plays into part there. As we look back a couple of years ago, it seemed apparent to us that we needed to use our pricing structure as well, as a way to manage the commodity volatility. Though when you think about our business, we're probably not going to hit the highs during the summer high peaks in the commodity markets. We're certainly not going to hit the lows during the wintertime dips in the commodity markets. And we're going to have a more consistent profile because our pricing profiles are a bit different. In the last couple of years, we've moved about half of our pricing contracts to adjust to either the grain costs or the parts markets. And what that would allow us to do is protect our dollar margins and give us a more stable return in up or down grain markets. That's really our focus, is to present to our shareholders a stable return, I'm going to say almost regardless of what the commodity markets are doing.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then on Beef, there's considerable concern right now about the tight supply of cattle and notably commodity beef margins just registering negative. Does that mean Tyson's Beef division is running red right now? Or is there programs that you have that can help you outperform that commodity average?
James V. Lochner: Well, let me answer that by saying we are not red right now. They've compressed. But as I said in my remarks and before, we put a tremendous amount of focus on really the -- beating the revenue components through mix, through pricing, through yield, through a variety of other product management. And then we know one thing, the market won't let us buy cattle any cheaper than the market. So we put all our focus on driving revenue and staying in position. We really kind of watch very carefully what the forward demand for cattle -- or excuse me, what the forward supply for cattle availability are and we keep our product sales in reasonably good alignment with that, so that we can manage margins by plant as best we can. And again, all our focus has always been on the execution components within our control. So that's really kind of the play. If you look forward, I think '14 will be very similar to '13, but with a gradual decline in some periods, where the supply is very adequate and some periods where the supply is a little bit more challenging. And that's the essence of margin management, to really see what's out in front of you and make your adjustments accordingly.
Operator: Next question is Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Congratulations, Jim. Hopefully, you're still going to be teaching some classes that maybe someday we can join. But congratulations on a great career.
James V. Lochner: I'm teaching a long time. I plan on continuing to do so. So...
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. Well, I wanted to talk a little bit about Chicken, if I may. So in the fourth quarter, at one point, I don't know if it was last quarter or the quarter before, we expected margins to be at that high end. Can you just talk a little bit about what happened this quarter? I'm having a hard time understanding why margins were down sequentially, perhaps it was Mexico and China. So maybe you can tell us how the U.S. business did. Can you just help me understand that? Why were margins down as much as they were sequentially?
Donnie Smith: Yes, that was it was, Akshay. It was China and Mexico. With the commodity markets -- I think what happened is maybe the supply rebounded in Central and Southern Mexico perhaps a little quicker than what others expected and certainly did more than what we expected. And so we faced some pretty cheap commodity markets down in the Mexico City area. And that hurt our Mexican numbers, too. We continue to struggle through the rebound in the markets in China. What happened in the spring, there was evidently a lot of chicken that went into the freezer in China. And that's been coming out. And it's kept the commodity markets softer than what we thought they would be. Our volume rebound -- we're probably around maybe back to 80% of our pre-AI volume. But the markets haven't responded like we thought we would. And we think that has to do with some excess inventory. So domestic business is running great. And you have to remember, too, that there's a significant -- well, I'll say significant, there's about an 8 week or so lag in the commodity costs. And so we still had really, really high grain prices into mid-August. In the last half of August and then September, we started taking a little truck grain in, which is -- we hedged it up. It was typically cheaper. But it was really like the second week of September before we really got into heavy truck grain. Well, by then, you're really looking at mid-Q1 of FY '14 for a cost drop. And so it was really the way the commodity market -- the futures market looked cheap, the basis levels looked high, but that drop really gets shoved in to Q1 and Q2 of '14 in your Chicken cost structure. Does that make sense?
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. It makes sense. But -- so can you give us like a -- I think you had said for fiscal '13, you'd get 80% of the $100 million in losses back, right? So there was going to be an $80 million improvement, if I may, in international? So I guess, we didn't end up with that number. The only reason I'm asking is...
Donnie Smith: You're right, Akshay. We only got $45 million. And that's part of the -- that and coupled with what happened in Mexico is the money you're looking for in Q4.
Dennis Leatherby: Both China and Mexico.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes. So what's the expectation embedded into '14 for international, on the same operating income number?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we're -- we should get consistently better quarter after quarter, but China probably won't reach profitability until our Q4.
Dennis Leatherby: But overall, it will be profitable for the year, slightly [ph].
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you said Chicken's off to a good start. I mean, can you help me understand what a good start means for you in terms of operating margin? That would be helpful. And then I just have a follow-up on supply.
Dennis Leatherby: No. Other than saying, we're off to a good start, I really can't give you any more help than that, Akshay. We're off to a good start.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on supply, you increased your supply estimate for '14, 3% to 4%, I mean, why did you do that? Have you seen something in the pullet placement numbers? Or what's the reason for the higher supply? And why doesn't that impact your margin guidance negatively?
Dennis Leatherby: Okay. So head up a little bit. You're right, the pullet supply for '14, it is what it is. But we think weights. We're particularly heavy this quarter, and we think weights are going to continue to increase next year, driven, of course, by cheaper grain costs. The reason it's not impacting our results negatively is that we've planned for it. And our buy versus grow strategy will have us buying cheaper raw materials and then upgrading those into value-added sales. And that's our model.
James V. Lochner: The other thing you have to really look at, Akshay, is Oct, Nov, Dec period here, year-over-year is up, and we're talking about fiscal. So you're starting with this period with a fairly high increase in pounds. So you've got to get yourself adjusted to the fiscal versus the calendar as well.
Operator: And next question is Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, congrats as well. I hope this doesn't mean you've gone vegan on us here.
James V. Lochner: Let me put the probability of that happening, it's 0% to negative 100%.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Good, good. Well, I appreciate your comments on packaged meats and some of the opportunities you have to turn that business around. But based on your comments from around a year ago, maybe a turnaround has taken slightly longer than you initially [Audio Gap] a different set of categories to compete in. So I guess, I'm just curious, if the turnaround eventually doesn't work the way you hope, what would it take for you to potentially turn to some acquisitions, right, to get some brands that are maybe more established in some categories, call it, lunchmeats, whatnot, in order to kind of solidify and accelerate your growth? I mean, Ken Zaslow, made a good point I thought, you have a lot of cash and you're generating even more cash every year. So I'm just curious about that sort of make or buy proposition in packaged meats.
Donnie Smith: Certainly, and this is Donnie. We absolutely have our eye on multiple ways to grow our Prepared Foods business. With our cash flow, it's obvious that acquisitions are within our view. We did a couple of small acquisitions last year to try to fill in some gaps. And we obviously have capacity and options now with our great balance sheet to be more aggressive if we need to, if there's a right fit. Dennis and I have done -- have talked a lot over the last couple of years about how we view acquisitions. We approach them fairly clinically. We want to make sure that an acquisition can be accretive to our ROIC within a fairly short and reasonable period of time. We try to target something that can -- if our total ROIC is going to be at 20% or better, we want to target an acquisition that can get there within a 2- or 3-year time period, that type of thing. And so that's the math we use whenever we're looking at an acquisition target. But we're also committed with our current facilities to continue to improve. I'm extremely confident that the moves we're making, particularly in our lunchmeat business, will have us very well positioned by, say, this time next year in our lunchmeat business. And again, our Prepared Foods business is a broad range of categories. Some of those businesses are doing very, very well with great margins, and we'll continue to drive those. They're very important to the customer targets that they focus on. So we feel really good about our Prepared Foods business. And if you noticed in our organizational changes, we're doubling down. We've got great talent against our Prepared Foods segment, and we're going to put a lot of focus on Prepared Foods going forward. Jim, you want to add anything?
James V. Lochner: Yes. The only thing I'd add is we -- as I said in my remarks, we made a lot of conscious decisions. And I think some people sometimes underestimate the startup cost and investment in G&A, putting the right organizational structures, the MAP spend. They don't accrete earnings right away. You've got to bet on them going forward. So that's part of what we saw on the dilution this year and particularly this quarter, as we look at multiple categories. We've got our eye on a lot of things, and this area has a lot of potential and we put a lot of manpower and good talent around it.
Dennis Leatherby: Ken, this is Dennis. I'd just add that Prepared Foods, were it not for all these turnaround expenses and startups, it would have generated about a 4.5% return on sales, which is, as you know, within our range. We think next year, we're going to continue to improve the business. And the real fruits of this labor will come in '15 and beyond as these businesses build out and fill out, I think they'll be nicely profitable.
Operator: Next question, Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And let me add my great wishes to Jim. I just threw open my 1988 initiation on IBP, and he was there, jumpy, fidgety, had this demeanor of a commodities trader, superbright, and nothing's changed really. So congratulations, Jim. It's been fun to be hanging around you for 25 years. That could have been due to working for Bob Peterson at the time though. I'm not sure.
James V. Lochner: I did have hair in 1988, I think.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: That's true. So you made a comment, Donnie, on profitability in the fourth quarter by -- in China, fourth quarter of '14. But I mean, you featured China kind of right up there in your first paragraph. And so I'd love to have you kind of dream a little bit more publicly about what that might look like in '15 and '16, just to kind of re-satiate our appetites on the outlook on that one.
Donnie Smith: So the tough thing about FY '13 was the financial impact on our business. We were -- about half of our production is in company-owned -- or company-controlled birds now. And our cost structure in those houses is really effective. So we can't get our land-use rights and can't get these farms built fast enough for our taste. And we're doing pretty good. Our initial plan, if you go back maybe 2, 2.5 years ago was to be completely built out by FY '14, by the end of FY '14. We're probably going to miss that by a few weeks. But still, the vast preponderance of our chickens will be in company-controlled housing. So I guess, it's a cost advantage and the uses of marketing advantage. The thing we have seen is the importance of the supply chain that we're developing. And what we've seen in '13, although it's not been great for us financially, it has validated our business model. So we think having a supply chain that is from pullet to plate is very consistent with a lot of cost controls and a lot of bio-security controls is going to be very good for us in '15 and beyond. So what we would see is going into '15, we'd have an advantaged cost structure, we'd have a very unique and very differentiated selling story. And I tell you, I think we've got a great opportunity. Yes, we deal with foodservice QSRs and that kind of thing, but we have a great retail offering in China as well. And we've got the ability to take the Tyson brand across more areas of China and to expand that geographically and have a really strong branded presence. Because as you well know, Tyson Foods has meant trusted food and great quality for years and years in America. We want to bring that as well to China. So we're very optimistic about what happens in '16 and beyond and really looking forward to getting there.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And just to kind of restate the focus on food safety and bringing it all in-house, leads you to believe that pricing will be such that you can charge premium prices, as well as get your cost under control. I think you originally said that it could have twice the margins of the domestic business. Is that still kind of roughly your thought process?
Donnie Smith: Absolutely, in a mature complex. We intend to grow China pretty aggressively. And so we may have 2 mature complexes that are at those levels of margins, and then we may have an immature complex or partnership or that kind of thing that's still coming onstream that would be in the mix as well. But when these complexes get full, just like there's U.S. complex today, we're still confident that they'll carry a very aggressive margin structure about twice of what we see here.
Operator: Next question is Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Congratulations, Jim, on your retirement. Just wanted to make sure that -- on that Beef side, a couple of quick questions. You guys have talked about a 2% to 3% decline in fed cattle supplies. And if we look at USDA's numbers, which are more on a pounds basis, they're kind of suggesting beef production for calendar '14 will be down more like 6%. Was that 2% to 3% more for the cattle supplies in your area? Or is that sort of an industry-wide outlook? And then secondarily, if production is really down about 6%, do you think that the industry as a whole might need to take down another packing plant?
James V. Lochner: Let me -- I saw the USDA pounds estimate, you have to factor in the probability of beef cattle slaughter being down appreciably. We're thinking more in the fed steer and heifer, was what we referenced because we don't participate in the other category on the process side, so we don't process cows. And I'm just really basing that off of looking at the prior year calf crops on '11, '12 and '13. And being in that 2% last year, in our fiscal year '13 versus '12, we were down 1.5%. So we're thinking that trajectory is down. If heifer retention starts to accelerate, which it hasn't shown signs of yet, that number changes. If heifer retention doesn't happen, that number could actually lessen. So we're just really basing everything always off the calf crop going forward. And to answer your question, yes, as supply is based on the beef cow and the dairy cow herd and the calf crop going forward, yes, we'll still have overcapacity. There is probably some peripheral plants outside the feeding zones that will struggle. Again, our plant's set right where the bulk of cattle feeding occurs. And so we're fairly comfortable, and we pay very close attention always to the forward supplies and try to keep ourselves in very good balance.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up on that, I know you had mentioned earlier in Farha's question that you guys are profitable kind of right now, and this is typically this quarter and into your second fiscal quarter the weaker time for beef. I mean, if you guys are sort of profitable now when the industry margins are lower, like, I guess, could you explain sort of why you think your margins could potentially be below your normalized range?
James V. Lochner: Currently, now we expect -- we're -- like Q2 normally would be the tougher quarter. We are fairly pleased as we look back at '13. And we sat here a year ago during the Oct, Nov, Dec period and then went into the Jan, Feb, March period, and we felt like we were struggling. But we came back strong in our last 2 quarters, and I expect pretty much a repeat of that. If we continue our emphasis on controllables, which I'm very pleased that the team there is extremely focused on those, it could be better than that. But we're factoring in some periods that we think that the cattle will be a little bit tighter, and the industry margins as a whole could compress. But we certainly think there's times that they can expand. So that's why really we said we think '14 will be very similar, with the similar challenges that we had in '13. That's the way we look at it.
Operator: Next question is from Tim Tiberio of Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Jim, I want to add my best wishes to you.
James V. Lochner: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: All right. And then just 2 very quick questions on your outlook for 2014. Do you feel that the country of origin labeling, that the supply chain has fairly well adjusted to that event? And are the potential for higher costs reflected in your outlook for the Prepared Foods segment in 2014?
James V. Lochner: Let me address country of origin labeling. Yes, we factored that in. And maybe that will change. There's still an opportunity for the farm bill or adjustments to take care of that. If it doesn't, we fully adjust. And we're in compliance today. We made the adjustments we need to. And looking forward on this -- on the long-range supply activity to accommodate that. And then I'm not following your second question. Was that jumping into the Prepared Foods segment or related to cattle or beef?
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Well, I guess, cattle and beef and whether you think that you've got a good handle on the cost structure. Obviously, you're bringing in more feeder cattle from Canada to the U.S. So just wanted to get a sense if you feel like the supply chain is prepared for that impact? And it sounds like that is the case.
James V. Lochner: Yes. Totally, definitely, and we did announce that we would curtail, at least for a while, any direct importation of Canadian cattle. And we can always reevaluate that and adjust our SKU count accordingly. But in the interim, we're going to try to simplify the product mix out there. But as a whole, I'd say that the adjustment has happened. And we'll just have to see, and that does take some supply potentially out of the U.S. beef.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just secondly, on the international outlook, does your outlook include the potential for increased supply in Brazil, as soy milk prices come down? There's obviously the potential for production in that country to grow. They are obviously a large competitor in the export markets. Just want to get your thoughts with regards to Brazil.
James V. Lochner: As beef -- yes, as Brazil imports -- excuse me, exports more beef to more countries and has an increase of supply, that puts a little more pressure on the manufacturing meat. It might indirectly work, where we see more 90 or imported lean beef coming into the U.S. that could potentially offset some of the cow slaughter reduction that's there. So those are always balances that you're walking -- watching very carefully, simply because they do impact raw material costs, they impact the pounds and they impact the utilization of particularly manufacturing beef. And that's why it is a global market. U.S. beef and Brazilian beef don't necessarily compete in like markets for like causes and uses, but they are all in that balance. So, thank you.
Donnie Smith: And by the way, on the Chicken side, very much intend to grow our business in Brazil, not just in terms of the number of heads processed, but also in our value-added offerings, so very much a growth vehicle there.
Operator: And our last question comes from Rachel Nabatian of Crédit Suisse.
Rachel Nabatian: First off, I just wanted to say congratulations to Jim. Now your Beef results came in a little better than we were expecting. So I was just wondering if you got a short-term benefit on cattle bidding from the USDA shutdown. And this is particularly when the outlook and the conditions were weak. And then I also wanted to know if the LFTB issues, have those turned back into a positive? And are you now monetizing LFTB again?
James V. Lochner: Let me start with -- no, we did not have any benefit. We just used alternative pricing mechanisms. We gave both buyers and sellers alternatives. If they didn't want to use the alternative formulas, non-USDA reported markets skilled [ph] negotiated, did that on beef and pork as well; did create some disruption for a period of time, but both buyers and sellers, all did adapt and we used traditional or old market reports or negotiated. So had no -- really no impact from that. Lean, finely textured beef, now the volume is still not utilized anywhere close to the same percentage. And quite clearly, going forward, we and others, will clearly label its presence in ground beef. So that, that issue cannot be attacked again. So that's kind of the play on that. Really, again -- in the margin scheme, that's also probably neutralized itself, now probably it has neutralized itself, and we're not seeing any impact one way or the other from it at this stage.
Donnie Smith: Well, before we go, I want to thank our team members for all you've done to make 2013 such a great year. And I also like to thank our investors for your continued support of Tyson Foods. Hope you'll have a happy Thanksgiving. And, hey, eat some chicken, beef and pork instead of turkey this year, would you? Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I'll turn today's conference over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the third quarter of our 2013 fiscal year. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer. I need to remind you that our remarks today include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. I encourage you to read today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. Today's presentations may also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliations of these measurements are provided on our website. As you saw on our press release and Form 10-Q this morning, we sold our Weifang operation in China, and it is reflected as a discontinued operation for all periods presented in our financial statements. Today, we will speak to our results from continuing operations. Please refer to our website for a supplemental schedule reconciling this change. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. Q3 was a great quarter for us, with earnings of $0.69 a share. It was our second-best ever quarter for EPS, along with record sales of $8.7 billion. The Chicken segment had record earnings, and both Chicken and Beef segments had their highest sales of any quarter. Prepared Foods had its highest Q3 sales. We continue to see macroeconomic indicators pointing to a steady but modest recovery. We aren't relying on a better economy to grow our business, but I think Tyson Foods is uniquely positioned to capitalize on those opportunities as they occur. According to the Nielsen data, retail sales of fresh meat were up about 4% versus the same quarter a year ago, with volume up a little over 1%. Beef dollar sales were up 2.2%, along with pounds -- although pounds declined 2.5%. Pork sales and pounds were both up 1.3% and 5.9%, respectively. Chicken pricing was up, on average, $0.10 a pound versus a year ago, but consumers continued their move to the relative value of Chicken, which was up 8.5% in dollars and 2.6% in pounds. In foodservice, restaurant traffic has been rebounding in recent months after a slow start to the year. Chains are holding their own, while independent operators continue to struggle. For 2014, we're expecting foodservice growth to be flat to up maybe 1%, which means innovation and service will continue to be key to our growth. QSR is expected to lead foodservice growth again next year, and we have a very strong share of the QSR category and expect good volume around promotional activity. We're accelerating the sales of value-added products with a goal of 6% to 8% annual increase. We're at 5% after 3 quarters and gaining momentum from an aggressive new product launch schedule. Frozen value-added poultry at retail is the focus of many of these new products, and Tyson is driving growth in this category, which, in the past year, has seen about 3.5% growth. Fresh and IQF chicken, along with case-ready beef and pork, are all performing very well. Many of the food categories showing year-over-year growth at foodservice are in alignment with Tyson's key competencies, particularly chicken items, breakfast sandwiches and soups. Sales of high-carb foods are declining, which may be part of consumers' move towards healthier food products that we're seeing. Tyson has been out front in the health and wellness trend for several years by providing nutritionally responsible choices for consumers. We've been working towards cleaner labels and sodium reduction, sometimes by as much as 30%, while still making food that tastes great. This is evidenced by a double-digit growth in our retail Grilled & Ready line and solid growth with other Better For You innovations as well. Foodservice customers are coming to us to help them improve the nutritionals on their products. This is especially true of the products made for schools, as new dietary guidelines with calorie and sodium limits have gone into effect. As we enter this back-to-school season, practically our entire product line has been reformulated to meet the new standards, which I think is a testament to the strength of our R&D team and the innovation resources of the Discovery Center. In addition to value-added products, another part of our growth strategy is to accelerate international poultry production, and we're making good progress. Strong results by Tyson de Mexico and Tyson do Brasil more than compensated for the losses in our China operations exacerbated by the avian influenza outbreak. Demand has begun improving since the AI outbreak slowed, and experience tells us that it will return to previous levels within about 3 months after the end of the event. We're moving forward in China, and in this morning's press release, you probably noticed the reference to a discontinued operation. That refers to our Weifang operation, which is no longer core to the execution of our strategy, given the capital investment it would have required. Consequently, in the second quarter, we took an impairment test -- conducted an impairment test and recorded a $56 million impairment charge. In the third quarter, we entered into an agreement to sell Weifang, which resulted in reporting it as a discontinued operation. I'd like to wrap up my thoughts by saying that we expect the fourth quarter to look pretty close to the third quarter, and we expect that performance to continue, on average, through 2014. It took us a few years to turn this business around, but I like where we are and I like the momentum we have. I'm confident we're going to take it into the next year and well beyond. So that concludes my remarks. Dennis will now give a financial update, followed by Jim, who will discuss our segment results. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported Q3 earnings from continuing operations of $0.69 per share, up 35% compared to $0.51 last year on an adjusted basis. As you may recall, last year's adjustment included a charge of $167 million or $0.29 per share for the early extinguishment of our high-yield notes. I'm also pleased to report our last 12 months EPS from continuing operations is $2.13 per share on an adjusted basis, which is a strong indicator that we will deliver more than $2 per share for the full fiscal year, as we have indicated on the last few earnings calls. Pretax return on invested capital for the past 12 months was 17.3%. Capital expenditures were $135 million for the quarter and $425 million through 3 quarters of fiscal '13. Operating cash flow was strong in the third quarter at $542 million, bringing the total to $772 million through 3 quarters, up over $50 million from last year. In the third quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for $100 million under our share repurchase program. This brings our total repurchases under this program to 33.4 million shares for $650 million since May 2011. Including cash of $943 million and short-term investments of $81 million, net debt was $1.4 billion. Total liquidity was just under $2 billion, remaining well above the upper end of our targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt remained at $2.4 billion, with our sights set on paying off the convertible notes due in October with cash on hand. Net debt-to-EBITDA for the last 12 months was 0.8x. On a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 1.4x. Excluding last year's charge for the early extinguishment of debt, net interest expense is down 26% compared to a year ago at $104 million through June. Our effective tax rate for continuing operations in Q3 was 35.4%. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter was 369 million, or flat versus last year. Basic weighted average shares decreased by 8 million, primarily due to our share repurchase program. This decrease was completely offset by a dilution increase from our convertible notes and warrants. With the majority of the convertible notes coming in mid-October, let's take a moment to discuss the impact of their dilution. Of the dilution this quarter driven by our stock -- increased stock price, 8 million shares relates directly to the convertible notes and 3 million relates to warrants. At the beginning of this transaction, however, we purchased call options that will allow us to offset the shares issued at maturity at the convertible notes, in effect canceling them, but accounting rules prohibit us from reducing our diluted shares from these call options until after the convertible notes are paid off. In other words, these shares will ultimately go away from our share count, but investors will not see this occur until we report Q1 '14 earnings. The ultimate dilution we experience from this transaction will only be from the warrants, which have an exercise price of $22.17 per share. Hypothetically, at a stock price of $28.51, which was our closing price last Friday, we would be required to issue 6.1 million shares at their maturity, which is not until April 2014, and would be fully reflected in our Q3 '14 financial statements. As stated earlier, we have repurchased more than 33.4 million shares since we began this program in Q3 '11, and we expect to continue it in the future, as it has well more than offset the potential impact of any ultimate dilution from these warrants. Now here's an update on the remainder of fiscal '13 and some thoughts on fiscal '14. We expect revenues of approximately $34.5 billion for fiscal '13, or just over 4% growth over 2012. Revenues for fiscal '14 are expected to approximate $36 billion, as we look to continue to deliver on our annual top line growth target of 3% to 4%. Net interest expense should approximate $140 million for fiscal '13 and $100 million in fiscal '14, with the decrease primarily driven by the payoff of our convertible notes in the first few weeks of the fiscal year. The effective tax rate for continuing operations for fiscal '13 should be around 34% and around 35% for fiscal '14. CapEx is on pace to finish somewhere between $550 million and $600 million for fiscal '13. Our preliminary plan for fiscal '14 is in the $650 million to $700 million range compared to projected depreciation and amortization of approximately $500 million. As in recent years, this reflects our continued emphasis on growing our value-added and international businesses to enhance our productive capabilities, drive operating efficiencies and grow with our customers in both of these key areas. In closing, we are very pleased with our Q3 results and look forward to the fourth quarter, which should be almost as strong. In addition, we have a good chance to finish the fiscal year with our best EPS results ever despite $500 million in incremental feed cost and numerous other challenges affecting our Beef, Pork and Chinese operations, which is quite an accomplishment all our team members should be proud of for their continued efforts to make our company even better. And as Donnie said, we are poised for an even stronger fiscal 2014 and believe we can deliver annualized results similar to the back half of 2013, well ahead of our annual goal to deliver at least 10% EPS growth. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a closer look into our operating segments.
James V. Lochner: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. Let's begin with our Chicken segment, which reported a record $20 million in operating income and a 7% return on sales in the third fiscal quarter. Volume was up 4.4%, while pricing was up 6% over Q3 of '12, driven by strong demand and favorable domestic markets. Through operational mix and price improvements, we more than offset the $105 million impact of increased feed cost for the quarter. Consumer demand for chicken is expected to remain strong, driven by foodservice promotions along with the value of chicken relative to beef. Meanwhile, analysts project chicken production to be up 2% to 3% next year. We plan to continue our buy-versus-grow strategy for Chicken, meaning we won't overproduce our demand and we'll buy meat on the open market when it's cheaper than we can produce it. We'll then turn that meat into higher-margin, value-added products for our retail and foodservice customers. Turning to the Pork segment, we had a 5% return on sales and $67 million in operating income. Volume was down 4.7%, and our average sales price per pound was up 4% compared to Q3 last year. Our Pork results were down slightly, as we adjusted our volumes to our supply and positioned our sales accordingly. Domestic availability of pork was up, predominantly from an estimated 6% decline in exports year-over-year. We focused our attention on mix, yields and position in the marketplace for pricing. Looking into 2014, we assume the industry hog supplies will be flat to this year and sufficient for our needs. And we expect another solid performance from our Pork segment next year. Moving on to the Beef segment. We had a 3.1% return on record sales of $3.7 billion, with an operating income of $114 million. Volume was up 3.8%, and price per pound was up 2.9% over the same quarter last year. Beef demand was good despite higher pricing. Although the first half of the third quarter was more difficult, our performance began to rebound in May due to our improved execution, which included product mix and yield. Our performance relative to the industry improved as well. Additionally, our export market share increased. Industry-wide exports are down 6% year-to-date, while ours are up substantially, led by Japan. In 2014, we're expecting fed cattle supplies to continue their decline by another 2% to 3%. We have put our focus on export market share to improve our mix realization. The Prepared Foods segment had a 3% return on sales and $24 million in operating income. Our volume was up 1.3%, while average sales price per pound was up 3% over Q3 of '12. We are investing in Prepared Foods through consumer and promotional spending and staffing support to build the business in several new product categories in 2014 and beyond. Now we're making good progress on our efforts to grow value-added sales by 6% to 8% annually. We acquired Circle Foods in the third quarter to expand on our tortilla and Mexican handheld snack food businesses. This is in addition to the Don Julio acquisition in the second quarter that is adding retail distribution to our tortilla and chip businesses. We will continue to explore Prepared Food acquisitions while improving execution in our existing businesses to grow that segment. Also, as I mentioned on our previous call, our lunchmeat business is negatively impacting the Prepared Foods segment as we undergo an extensive renovation in our Houston plant, which is temporarily causing us to incur higher operating costs to maintain service to our customers. That project is now scheduled for completion in mid fiscal 2014. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our performance overall, but our expectations will continue to increase. We have to stay focused on driving results, and there's more to be achieved. That is the end of our prepared remarks. We're ready to begin Q&A.
Jon Kathol: Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Our first question is from Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: I just wanted to touch -- you've had a number of challenges here over the past year, with record feed costs and some of the trade-related issues. Can you talk on the outlook for '14 and maybe the 2 to 3 big catalysts that you see as potential drivers for the next 12 months? It's a pretty complicated outlook. If you go through some of the drivers, maybe you can start there.
Donnie Smith: Sure, so here's the way I look at it. We'll kind of start with the top line. We do expect our top line sales growth to be at 3% to 4% and our value-added sales growth to be, again, at 6% to 8%. By segment, Chicken's having a good year this year. We've got some tailwinds from the environment we're operating in, but we will continue to grow our value-added there. And as our sales increase there, that will improve our earnings with what I'd call a relatively modest supply growth, particularly in the first half of FY '14. Solid demand and Chicken's relative low pricing compared to the other proteins, should be a very, very good year for Chicken. By the way, probably layer on top of that international improvements as well. So if you look at Beef and Pork, the current supply's set up next year to be as good as this year and maybe even a little bit better. In Prepared Foods, we're investing in growth platforms. We're investing in the businesses that we bought this year, and they should be contributing to our earnings in both the latter part of '14 and then -- mid to latter part of '14 and well on into '15, by the way. And of course, you would expect international to continue to improve in '15 as well. So if you look at that from the segment view, then you layer on top of that we got $40 million in interest expense reduction in '14; we're obviously going to throw off a lot of cash, and we'll be paying off the converts; we'll have the cash we need to invest in growth, whether it's through CapEx or more value-added acquisitions, of course, continuing to return cash to shareholders by buying back and dividends -- and so when you add all those things up, it looks like '14 is going to be a very strong year.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: So why stick with such a, I guess, on a historic basis, a relatively conservative "normalized range" on Chicken if you've got the benefit of lower feed, you've got a really tight supply for Beef, you've got what now looks like it could be a very tight supply of Pork, at least for part of the year? Why is it that you stick with a range that's below kind of what you've hit during kind of the upswing in Chicken?
Donnie Smith: Well, we talked about it in our written comments in the Q. I don't know if all that has been seen yet. I suppose it has. But we talked about in or above. And certainly, if you look at grain cost going down, a lot of work that we've done in the last year around shifting our pricing profiles to be more reflective of grain inputs while sharing risk with our customers, they get an insured supply of quality, service and innovative capability and we certainly get more stable returns. We do have a portion of our portfolio that's supply-driven, but we continue to minimize that. Again, as Jim mentioned, our buy-versus-grow strategy. We continue to grow our value-added mix, which gives us some insulation. So you add all that stuff up, Chicken ought to have a very good year next year.
Operator: Our next question, Tim Ramey of Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: It sounds like -- I mean, we've seen the other side of this trade, but you should just generate enormous amounts of cash over the next couple of quarters as we think about the relative input costs rolling down. Have you -- I assume you have -- thought through what that might look like for just working capital requirements?
Dennis Leatherby: Good question, Tim. We have seen that. Remember, We do have $458 million of converts to pay in early October. But we do see good cash flow. We're going to use it wisely. We're investing heavily in CapEx over and above depreciation and amortization. We'll continue to look at acquisitions and continue to return cash to shareholders. So we're really excited about what's ahead of us.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Great. And just on China, Donnie, you've given us some very bullish thoughts over time about the opportunity there to grow your own and to provide a high-quality, food-safe product. Should we read anything into the -- I don't think so. I think the impairment charge related to kind of the old way of doing business in China. But anything different in kind of what you're thoughts are on the opportunity in China?
Donnie Smith: No, not at all. As a matter of fact, you're absolutely right in the way you're thinking. And the AI outbreak obviously set us back from where we thought our profitability would be. It shoved it out front a couple more months. But the one thing it did do was absolutely validate our business model. From a long-term perspective, our bio-secure facilities and our controlled supply chain are the level of protection that Chinese customer base desires, and that really bodes well for us out in the future. What we've got in -- by the way, we're on target on our build-out plans, and so we're getting a little better at acquiring land, which makes me feel optimistic that we'll continue to stay on target with building out our own houses. And so that's really the key to our future is the plants are running well and getting those houses built and getting this company-controlled production through our plants as quickly as possible. So we feel really good about the future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we have Ken Goldman of JPMorgan Chase.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This was the first time, if my numbers are right, that your Beef volumes were up in nearly 3 years, and they rose by a substantial amount. Can you talk how sustainable that trend might be? And is Beef the main reason you're guiding to a total company revenue number that's well above what the street was maybe looking for?
James V. Lochner: Let me -- this is Jim. I'll start with that. If you recall, we did have a plant that was shut down in around -- I guess it was February or March when it was announced. That did take about 4.5% of the daily slaughter capacity and about 10% of the slaughter capacity in that 300-mile region out. And we do have a couple of plants in that region, and we did benefit from an increased flow of cattle to our plants in that particular period, which did change the balance. In the north, it really wasn't much different. Let me remind you, we really look at what that forward supply of cattle's going to be 2, 4 and 8 weeks out. We really run our plants with that thought process in mind, always trying to position ourselves accordingly and to manage gross margin. So if it gives it to us, fine, but that isn't the primary goal that we look at the Beef division to generally look at a volume or capacity utilization. So it's really much more micro than that, the way we look at it plant to plant.
Dennis Leatherby: In terms of where the sales growth is coming from -- Ken, this is Dennis. It's coming principally from 2 areas, and that's Chicken and Prepared Foods. And that's a function of the value-added sales growth kicking in and international sales growth kicking in.
James V. Lochner: So hopefully, that answers your question.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's helpful.
Operator: Next question is Farha Aslam from Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So again, on that theme of international, China recently had a WTO case where they have to possibly take off the tariff they put on U.S. chicken. Any impact to your business in China or in the U.S. as a result of that?
Donnie Smith: Farha, our estimate would be that the proceedings -- and let me just say all the things that would happen from this ruling and before a likely appeal, et cetera, et cetera, it could take a year or so for there to be any potential for actual tariff reductions, and then we'll have to see what happens. So yes, if and when all that happens, it would have a positive impact on our business. But that will likely be a '14 event and could be a little longer.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So a general positive, long term, supportive to exporters in the U.S.?
Donnie Smith: Yes.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 other quick follow-ups. First one is your volumes, overall, seem to be more flexible quarter-to-quarter than they have been historically. Could you just share with us how you're possibly managing those businesses differently today than you have in the past and kind of what that means for gross margins and kind of how steady gross margins are going forward?
Donnie Smith: Farha, help me a little bit. Give me a little bit more detail about your question to respond to.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Because we noticed that your volume in Chicken was up quite nicely, as in Beef, and that's where you had the strongest profitability. And Pork, where it was a little bit kind of more choppy of a market, your volumes were down significantly. And so we were wondering if you're managing your plants differently and if there's anything in your plants that's changed that's allowed you to kind of respond to the market faster.
Donnie Smith: Got it. Okay, now I understand. So as Jim has often said in his prepared remarks and in lots of investor communications, we manage for margin, not market share. And so when the environment needs us to make adjustments in how we manage through our business, we have the flexibility to do that. And obviously, we think it's incumbent on us to do a good job at that. In poultry, this year, the market dynamics helped a bit in that chicken is relatively low priced compared to the other proteins, and so it just made sense for us to push the poultry volume. We had a great year -- or we are having a great year at retail and fresh. We're having a great year at foodservice. We have a good market share of the QSR volume at foodservice, which is clearly winning in foodservice today. So when you add all that up, it gives us an opportunity to push volume where it's meaningful to the customer and us. If you look at our Beef plants -- I'll wrap this up, but if you look at our Beef plants, we continue to stay surrounded -- I mean, our Beef plants are where there's a good supply of cattle, so we have the opportunity to grow our business there because we have a good supply of cattle around us. So Jim, would you add anything?
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is, on your observation on the Pork, again, much like I said earlier on Beef, we really pay a lot of attention to what that forward supply looks like it's giving us relative to the consumption. Now you've got to remember that we had less exports in this quarter, and we anticipated some pricing pressure and some supply constriction. So basically, we set our hours up to not try to press that and push the live cost up relative to the revenue, put our attention on the mix and positioning our revenue on the product that we have to sell so we weren't long. And so we gave up market share or didn't really -- I don't look at it that way. We looked at managing for margin at a greater priority than just trying to fill the hours. We had plenty to run the hours we anticipated, so that was really the play.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one last question on wings. Your outlook on wings prices, because those prices have been a bit volatile? And your thoughts on QSR promotions for wings going into the fall?
Donnie Smith: Sure. We would look at incremental demand from QSR promotions as a good thing. And I think we're seeing a bit more inelasticity in wing pricing. It looks to us like the wing prices are starting to creep back up, and I think what you'll see this fall and winter is a seasonal increase in wing prices, much like we see every season.
Operator: Next question, Ryan Oksenhendler, Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Donnie, I just wanted to talk, I guess, about -- get your thoughts on the industry's ability to increase production next year. It sounded like -- I think you said you're expecting a modest increase in the first half of next year. But when I look at the USDA data, you see pullet placements up 3% in June, egg sets and chicks placed have been up recently: egg sets up like 3% to 4% over last several weeks; chicks placed were up 4%, I think, last week. Even eggs per layer have been up despite talk about the hen life being extended or holding those birds on longer. I guess, what is the industry's ability to increase production? Because I think there's been a lot of talk about the lack of eggs out there.
Donnie Smith: Yes. I'll get to that in just a second, but a quick comment about -- I think it's important to bear in mind that, as Beef prices and, to some extent, Pork continue to stay high, that really provides a bit of a halo effect around poultry pricing and poultry consumption, really. And so we think that next year will be a year that you will continue to see good, robust demand for Chicken. So back to the supply question. So if we just look at our ability, just Tyson's ability to get our pullet orders filled, really, the only way that we can see a meaningful increase in supply is to hold our hens longer. And frankly, Ryan, we just don't have enough housing to hold our hens much longer than 69 weeks. So we see that for a few more months out in front of us, I don't see that the industry -- I don't see that we would have the ability to push it, and that's kind of how we view the outlook.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I guess -- and then in terms of when you see the outlook for production up next year, 2%, 3%, I guess, what does that mean in terms of pricing for Chicken? I mean, is there still going to be higher prices next year, or do you think pricing might come down next year?
Donnie Smith: It could, but what we've done -- we worked real hard, and I'm real proud of our folks that we've shifted a lot of our pricing profiles to be a little more reflective of grain input. So today, about -- I'd say about half of our pricing contracts are either cost-plus or have some kind of grain cost adjustment in them. And it works really well for us and our customers sharing the commodity risk because they get an insured supply of quality, service and innovation, and we get more stable returns. We do have some of our portfolio that's supply based, but we continue to minimize that. Only -- we're less than 8% of our total sales now that are 1-year fixed-price agreements. So we've done a great job of continuing to change that pricing strategy. And if production's up a little bit, our buy-versus-grow strategy will work very well for us because we'll just buy excess breast meat or whatever we need on the market and then convert that and grow our value-added mix with it. And of course, we continue to grow our value-added sales, and that provides us some commodity insulation there, too. So even if there is a market that might have overall lower prices, we still feel comfortable with our earnings potential because of the way we've structured our pricing arrangements.
James V. Lochner: I would also add one thing. Keep in mind that fiscal '12 was a very, very steep pullback, and so you always got to look at your percentage year-over-year over a longer time frame than 1 year, just as a cautionary note, and look at that total practical supply.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then just a follow-up, just one last follow-up on that. Like, in terms of -- in the press release, when you say $500 million of lower feed cost next year, given the change in contracts where the grain escalator closes up and down, is that $500 million net to Tyson, or is that $500 million of lower cost, and some of that may get passed through to your customers?
Donnie Smith: You're correct in the last way you said that. And of course, our intention would be for us to capture as much of that as we possibly can. That's been the focus of working with our customers on these pricing strategies.
Operator: Next question, Brett Hundley from BB&T Capital Markets.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Actually, I want to stay on Chicken first. And I think Christine asked it, but I want to go back to your normalized range in Chicken. And Donnie, everything you just said regarding your outlook for Chicken, it's then very hard to not be above your historical normalized range. And so maybe -- I'm wondering if you would maybe go through some of the drivers, as you see them, as to what lands you inside that normalized Chicken range versus what puts you above.
Donnie Smith: Well, I'm not going to try to focus on anything to land me inside of it. I'm just focused on everything to land me above it, right? I continue to be very optimistic about our poultry business. Obviously, grain looks like it will do -- will have a good year, but it's not at the end yet, and so you don't really know there. But yes, if you look at our outlook for growing our value-added sales, those are higher-sales items and higher-margin items and very valuable, by the way, both to consumers and to the customers. The guys have done a great job on our pricing strategies. They continue to do a great job on their operational efficiencies, and we'll never lose focus of that. We're in a good position relative to the other proteins. Our international business is making good improvements, so that will layer on, on top of good operational performance domestically in '14. So yes, there's every reason to feel really good about our poultry business.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to rotate back over to red meat and talk about Beef, in particular, from an industry standpoint. So we talked about how Chicken and Pork might see some expansion in 2014. And then, of course, where cattle supplies could tighten. And so I'm curious to get your opinion on how high-priced beef works its way back through the system. Do you expect the industry to trim capacity in 2014? Are there regions of the U.S. that present more of an opportunity as opposed to a concern, in your view? If you could just talk to that, I'd appreciate it.
James V. Lochner: Let me add some detail to that. We expect, as we said, to see fed cattle supplies drop 2% to 3%, and that's nothing more than what we think the '13 calf crop estimate will be, and the '12, because that's our future supply chain. Cattle will be fed where the lowest cost to produce -- or the lowest cost of gain is, which centers around the Corn Belt and the High Plains, which means there'll be fewer cattle fed, probably, out into the Eastern Plains, et cetera. And again, that overall supply will continue to come down. Whether we see carcass weights come back up to offset that, I don't know. I mean, I've been thinking carcass weights have topped out for a number of years, and I don't expect to see a radical increase in weight to offset that. And therefore, if you look at purely the elasticity, you're going to see a reduction in supply generally increase the cutout, like it has over time. And we're seeing a stronger interest in, particularly, Japanese importation of U.S. beef, which is gaining back its share. So all of that tells me beef's going to continue to increase in price. We continue to put our focus on our own operations, which is managing the mix; getting our international share up, which we've done an excellent job of doing, particularly in Japan; and focusing on our controllables, which are yields, cost, quality, service, et cetera. So that's the overall play.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I mean, outside of Japan, do you see...
James V. Lochner: That's how we run it.
Brett M. Hundley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Outside of Japan, do you see other export market opportunities in 2014 that aren't being talked about?
James V. Lochner: We've since continued -- our market share in Mexico's gone up, even though the country per se has dropped relative to year-over-year. I expect to see Asia as a whole continue to have an increase. And the reality is, though, with the 2% to 3% down in fed supplies, you're not going to see overall exports increase just because we'll have a limited supply. But there'll be a strong interest in acquiring high-quality grain-fed beef around the world. I don't see that really going backwards.
Operator: Next question, Tim Tiberio of Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: My question is on the outlook. Should we expect that the international segment could be broadly profitable for 2014?
Donnie Smith: Oh, yes.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's a short and sweet answer. And as far as the M&A outlook, you've seen some tuck-in acquisitions over the last few quarters. Are there any regions that you see, I guess, increased opportunity since the last 3 to 6 months? And if there's opportunities on the horizon, what size of transactions are you willing to look at? I'm just trying to get a sense of, when you look at your overall capital allocation, whether that's a top priority going into 2014.
Donnie Smith: Sure. So this year -- well, this upcoming year, '14, we have opportunity in our business to overspend versus our depreciation, so we'll be doing that. And then -- because we've got some good organic opportunities as well. Now looking at acquisitions, continue to expect us -- we would call them bolt-ons, continue to expect us to look at bolt-on acquisitions. A sweet spot acquisition for us is probably sub-$100 million that fits an important gap that we see in assuring that our consumers and customers have their needs met in the marketplace. So as we've talked about before, value-added, whether it's poultry or in a broad -- our very broad range of Prepared Foods items continues to be a great focus in the future. Not only that type -- those types of products, but also, we've talked about the c-store channel and alternative channels and those and good opportunities we have there. So we have both product growth opportunities and gaps we need to fill and channel growth opportunities and gaps we need to fill, and we'll continue to be very focused on layering in acquisitions that help us meet those needs.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: And are there any regions that you're particularly focused on, or you're pretty agnostic in filling the product and channel...
Donnie Smith: Yes, we've got -- sorry, I jumped in a little quick. But we've got a great -- number one, we have great customer penetration. We have great service, great quality that our customers have come to expect, and we don't ever expect to let them down. So good, good customer relationships. And plus, we've got a very, very broad and a very efficient national refrigerated distribution network that lends itself to moving products around the country very efficiently. And so that helps us to have a national view of acquisitions.
Operator: Next question, Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Donnie, I wanted to ask a follow-up to Ryan's question about Chicken supply and how quickly the industry might increase. You talked about your own, I guess, limitations as to your capacity to house more hens, but you didn't really talk about the rest of the industry. And my understanding is that a lot of the breeding flock has moved to Mexico. And maybe if you can kind of start there and talk about how you think that's influencing the industry's ability to -- or inability to increase supplies, and then what you're seeing outside of your own 4 walls.
Donnie Smith: All right. So no doubt that with the AI issue in Mexico that there was a lot of hatching eggs that went down to Mexico. What we see today is that the supply on the Mexican market, particularly in the live markets but also in the New York dressed, is back up to a level now that would indicate that, that supply is -- maybe not has been, but is well along in being restored. And so the price of a dozen hatching eggs has gone down in the U.S., and then here in the last 4 to 6 weeks, you've seen industry sets be up a little bit. But I think their ability to increase is limited. I know our ability to increase is limited to the -- our inability to hold a hen past 65 weeks because we simply just don't have the housing. I don't know how prevalent that same issue would have across the industry, and I can only speak for ourselves, but I don't expect that the supply -- I expect the supply to be in a similar range for a few more months out front, and I get that basically from the constraint on our business, before an increase in the actual pullet supply could increase, which is likely to happen towards the end of the calendar year. So that's how we see it. I can only use our business as a proxy for what might be happening, but that's the way we look at it. Now you've got to watch weights, too. I mean, everybody get -- we talk a lot about egg sets and chicks placed, but slaughter pounds is what ultimately matters. And as we look forward, though, we see a relatively modest supply growth.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And just a follow-up on that. Pricing in Chicken, it probably will come down at some point. When do you think you'll start to see it? If nothing else, based on your grain contracts, you said there's a lag with customers. So should it be by the end of the year or the beginning of calendar next year or maybe not at all?
Donnie Smith: I think if you looked at typical seasonal patterns adjusted for where we are today, you would expect that late in the fall, November, December, pricing would be lower than what it is today, I mean, just looking at the seasonal impacts. Now I hasten on to say we'll take seasonal cuts like we have in the last 2 years because we are just not going to get long on supply. And as we look out at our forward demand, we're going to take a seasonal cut. And then if there's meat out on the market, we'll buy. And what we've been able to do is, by working with our customers and sharing some of the commodity risk, we get a stable return in up or down grain markets. And that feels good not only to us, but it feels good to our customers. And so I like where we are. Our folks have done a great job in the last 12 to 15 months or so of changing our pricing portfolio to give us greater stability. And that's what we're constantly looking for is more consistent and stable earnings growth, and our business model is structured to be less volatile than the pure commodity players.
Operator: Next question, Diane Geissler, CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask about your comments on the restaurant expectation, flat to up of 1% in fiscal '14. It's been a while since we've been in a deflationary mode. And every day, I watch corn prices come off. And at some point, lower grain prices have to leak into the broader market, I would think. So I guess in sort of a broadly deflationary environment, isn't -- is it -- I don't know, I guess. How do I word this? Is it unrealistic to expect that there's a little bit of pent-up demand out there from the consumer perspective, given that we've just been in sort of the economic doldrums for 5 or 6 years now, that you wouldn't expect traffic in the restaurant channel to be a little bit better than flat to up 1%?
Donnie Smith: Yes, as we canvass the marketplace with our customers, our comments are reflecting what we're hearing back from them. And hey, we look at Technomic and all kinds of industry sources to try to get a read on what is going on out in front of us. I do feel like there's pent-up demand. Demand has moved from foodservice to retail. Demand has moved, maybe, from casual to QSR. And as it moves around, we have the flexibility to move around with it. And so what we really look at is what we think the overall tonnage growth will be, and that keeps landing on about 0.5% to maybe up 1%. And if there is pent-up demand, that's good news for us. If it's not, still got a great year ahead of us. And if it moves around between the different parts of foodservice or different aspects of retail, we've got a lot of flexibility built into our production model and our distribution model to be able to reach that demand wherever it is.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. Well, I appreciate those comments. Can I just ask about this sentence in your press release about the short-term -- rates are shorter-term in nature and that there's a time delay? Am I to read that as grain prices are coming down, and we hold our price to the foodservice channel at the higher level? And eventually, we reset those contracts lower as grain prices come down, so there'll be a quarter or 2 where you maintain a slightly higher margin than the cash market would reflect?
Donnie Smith: Well, first of all, our grain prices, just for perspective -- we pretty much know what our cost of goods are going to be in Q4. And then you take your cost of goods in Q4 and then move that forward into Q1, and then the receipts in Q1 really help impact Q2. And so there is some of that, I think, related in that comment. And again, if it's related to the Prepared Foods remarks, those are -- there's generally, with the way those pricing structures were set up, there's generally a lag, a quarterly lag going forward. So as raw material prices go down, then we get the benefit of that in the subsequent quarter. And I think -- I'm guessing that is probably more likely to be what that comment was -- is.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. It was really in the outlook section on Chicken where you say, "Sales contracts are formula based or shorter term. It allows you to adjust pricing when input costs fluctuate. May be a lag time for price changes." I just read that as the margins will be a little bit richer in the early periods of deflation because you'll be holding prices constant with prior period grain prices.
James V. Lochner: There certainly was, as grain ran up, because you won't -- this is Jim. You don't bill them over the real short term, week to week, so they tend to be over a quarterly trend. So that's the basis behind that comment.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that clarification. Can I just, ask where do you stand in your China Chicken operations in terms of vertical integration? You said that your were getting -- I think the quote was you're getting a little bit better at getting the land to build the houses on. But where do you stand in terms of vertical integration? Are you still going to hit that by the end of fiscal '14?
Donnie Smith: Well, we're at 50% -- we'll be at 50% company-owned birds at the end of this fiscal year. And then our goal is to be nearing 100% in company-owned birds at the end of FY '14. And so that should help, certainly, in the profitability of those complexes.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Have all of the meat scares and scandals that China had over the winter helped the dialogue with the government there?
Donnie Smith: Yes, no doubt about it.
Operator: Next question, Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So I just wanted to talk about Chicken. First question is on your Chicken -- U.S. Chicken performance relative to peers. So before I ask the question, can you tell us what your U.S. Chicken EBIT margin was for the quarter?
Donnie Smith: We don't break those out, Akshay.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Was it higher than 7%?
Donnie Smith: Well, yes.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So what I'm trying to get at there is in the past, we've talked a little bit about, when spot margins are peaking, what will Tyson's Chicken P&L look like? And one of your largest competitors just posted sort of a 9% EBIT margin in the U.S. business. So you guys are lagging that. And when I look at my numbers, the revenue per pound was up 5%, according to my estimates, but came in below sort of what I was expecting and seems like was somewhat softer. But how would you rank your U.S. Chicken performance relative to your peers? Would you have moved down a little bit, a couple of ranking points in Agri Stats because these commodity guys are doing better in this environment? Or how do you rank your performance relative to your peers this quarter?
Donnie Smith: So we are involved in a couple of benchmarking services. And what we typically look at is our rolling 12-month performance, and our goal is to always be in the top quartile. And so we are there, so we feel good about that. In the last month or 2, we don't compare as favorably on the operating margins because the commodity players are getting the benefit of the peak of the commodity markets. Our goal is to have more consistent and more stable earnings, and so our margin -- our model is structured so that we're less volatile than just the pure commodity players. But we feel very good -- as we look at the cost components and the pricing components relative to our expectations, we feel very good that our poultry business is operating very well. Now Jim made a comment earlier that we continue to have things that we strive for and continue to push for improvements, and so we can get better, but we're operating very well.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the next question, then, is what can -- I mean, first of all, have margins in Chicken peaked for you, quarterly margins?
Donnie Smith: For Tyson?
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Donnie Smith: No.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the rough math I'm doing is you had $0.10 per pound in EBIT this quarter, and that was with a $0.05 year-over-year increase in cost per pound. So you're guiding to, if you lock all your needs and corn stays where it is, a $0.05 decrease year-over-year in feed cost. So all else equal, that would be a $0.20 EBIT. Now I know all else is never equal, but what I'm really trying to get to here is I think you can get to your 7% EBIT margin next year, even if prices decrease by 8%. So roughly, I mean, am I thinking about this correctly? I mean, I think a lot of people are asking the same question in a different way, but it seems like next year should be above your normal range.
Donnie Smith: I think you're thinking about it right. I would -- the pricing being down 8% or whatever, I'm not going to go to those kind of details. But I think you're thinking about it right.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And I think I heard -- did I hear this correctly that you are expecting an increase in revenues in the Chicken segment next year? Can you just get into a little bit more details on what's driving that? I mean, how much -- what kind of percentage increase are we expecting, and now much of that is international? And what's your general expectations for U.S. Chicken revenues right now?
Donnie Smith: Okay, so I'll give you as much detail as I can. Yes, we do expect Chicken revenues to increase. And just like our strategy says, we will be doing that by driving value-added Chicken and our international Chicken business. And so we have every expectation of growing that business and leading it with 6% to 8% growth in our value-added and 12% to 16% growth in our international business. So those are the key drivers. We remain focused on that, and that's going to be what drives revenue growth.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So what kind of underlying commodity market price are you expecting for the remaining part of your business? I mean, is the remaining part of Chicken expected in your numbers to be down right now or flattish? Or just any guidance there would be helpful.
Donnie Smith: Yes, down a little bit. Yes, we look at the same industry sources for pricing, whether it's Informa or EMI or whoever folks might use as the industry and market expectations. And so we look at those and then apply a little bit of our own internal intelligence to that to come to our expectations for our plan. But we think those folks are directionally correct.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one last one for Jim on Beef. So can you just help us understand what, on the Beef side, what's the underlying assumption for industry economics? I mean, you're saying you're going to have a similar year, as compared to this year, next year in Beef. What does that assume for the industry margin, if I may? Because I'm just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about how the industry is playing out because obviously, we came -- we're coming from a very bad year for the industry last year. There seems to be a major improvement that's happened in the last 5 months. I don't know how much of that is seasonal. I would love to get your perspective. But what is the underlying industry margin assumption for you guys to have a similar year compared to this year?
James V. Lochner: You're not probably going to like my answer, but, again, the industry margin is the relative greater change of revenue all-in, cut out, drop, et cetera, to the cattle price and the adjustment week-to-week and month-to-month relative to the revenue to the supply. So we did see the slaughter capacity change. I actually -- we don't place as much emphasis watching the industry margin as you might think. We really always just pay very close attention to what the forward supply is going to give us, what we think the pricing and positioning needs to be, what the export markets are and then a whole lot more attention onto what we have under our own control, which is mix change, international mix change, yields, term yields, et cetera. So my view is the industry margin should be very -- it should be similar simply because we've seen the adjustment that I mentioned. But the margin that we focus on is within our control. So I can't give you any more perspective than that.
Operator: Next question, Ken Zaslow, Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 questions. One is a housekeeping question. One is more a bigger picture. In terms of your corn estimate, does that include basis or exclude basis?
Donnie Smith: It includes basis. That's all-in. And we always talk about cost of good -- what the grain impact in cost of goods sold. Not receipts, not purchased. It's always cost of goods sold.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. And then takeaway from Prepared Foods -- look, you made a couple of smaller acquisitions. You're on the kind of reviewing or restructuring your business. What is the cadence to which we should start to see the improvement in that business through 2014, and when will we see it kind of hit? I'm assuming in the first half, it will be lower margin. By the back half, we may see more representative of what the real margins are. Can you just walk us through that?
Donnie Smith: You're exactly right, Ken. The lunchmeat deal has been pushed out another quarter or so to get to the full run rate. And so the front half is a little bit like what we're seeing now, but then a lot of this stuff starts really kicking in, in the back half. And then you get to layer on what you would expect is a good year on '15. So some help in '14, more help is coming in '15 and beyond.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Would you think that, that cadence for 2014 is representative of the entire company as well? It sounds like that -- just how you're talking about the corn and the feed cost getting better as we go into the back half of the year, it almost seems like you're going to be building through the 2014 as well because you said, on average, this quarter is representative, you times it by 4 or whatever, that's kind of the guidance you've given us as an outlay. But it seems like it's more like you're going to be growing your momentum through the year, and you can expect to see the growth continuing into 2015.
Donnie Smith: Yes, that's a good way to look at it.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted -- one more question. If you could talk a little bit about Prepared Foods and what it takes to get back into the normalized margin range for that business.
Donnie Smith: So we're investing in our Prepared Foods business in a lot of ways. Some staffing. We're doing some consumer spend. We're doing some customer spend. We obviously have a big operational spend in that business. And recall that Prepared Foods, for us, is a broad range of not only products but different businesses at different stages of maturity. We've got some businesses in Prepared Foods that are mature and that generate great returns and others that we're building, and they will begin contributing significantly as we move out front. So we've got some gas in our portfolio: ethnic, handheld, snacks. And we're going to continue to invest in these businesses. I like to look -- I like to think of Prepared Foods a lot like our Chicken business a couple of years ago. And we've made steady progress on not only the operational side of that but now driving the value-added sales mix and incorporating more market talent and more map spend into that business to drive it. And that's the exact same thing that we'll use in Prepared Foods. We've got great customer penetration. We've got great distribution capabilities. We've just got to broaden the portfolio, improve the operating efficiencies and then spend against some demand that we feel like we can generate. So that concludes our call. Thanks for joining us today. Thank you for your interest in our company, and you all have a great day.
Operator: Thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the meeting over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods Conference Call for the Second Quarter of our 2013 Fiscal Year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. About a month after our Q1 call, we announced that our second quarter was going to be tougher than we anticipated, and it was. We achieved record sales for the quarter but our earnings fell short of our expectations and will impact -- the reasons for that in a minute. Looking at adjusted earnings for the first half of the year, we're at $0.84 compared to $0.86 last year, off by $0.02. And as you're all aware, we're predicting a strong back half of the year. We are still projecting full year adjusted EPS better than fiscal '12, primarily due to the performance we expect from the Chicken segment. As I said many times, I think our multi-protein, multichannel, multinational model provides for a balanced approach that enables us to take care of our customers and grow over time. Now looking at the macro environment, according to the perishables group, at retail, breast meat dollar sales were up 3.5% for the 52-week period ended March 30 while pounds were flat, indicating higher pricing. In Pork, prices were down 2.6% while pounds were up 3.4%. Total Beef dollars sales increased nearly 2% but pounds declined nearly 4%. Chicken benefited from customers who move away from beef. Pounds sold were up 2%, while dollar sales were up 7.6%. Tyson, the #1 brand of Chicken in the U.S., drove category growth. In the foodservice channel, February sales growth was negative, down 1.2% for the first time in 3 years. NPD reports traffic was flat for Dec, Jan, Feb with QSR up slightly and full service down slightly versus a year ago. NPD's preliminary report on March indicates QSR traffic was down by 1% versus last year. Higher gas prices and payroll taxes, bad weather and economic uncertainty all weighed on consumers. So overall, foodservice traffic is about flat. But people are ordering fewer items when they visit a restaurant, which means volume is contracting by about 0.5%. However, many of our core categories such as Chicken, soup, tacos and wraps have gained annual servings in this flat market. NPD CREST predicts restaurant traffic in 2013 will not be as high as 2012 levels, even in QSR. And given the slow rate of economic recovery, traffic is expected to be relatively flat through '14 as well. So in this environment, how do we grow sales? In addition to the quality and service Tyson is known for, we must continue to provide product innovation to drive traffic and sales for our customers, whether they are QSR, a mid-scale restaurant, a big-box retailer, a small grocery chain, a convenience store, a club store or a school district. Because of the weak demand, operators are more interested than ever in our new product ideas and business building opportunities. Year-to-date, we've grown value-added sales by 3.3% as we started filling up the innovation pipeline. As a reminder, we set an ambitious goal of growing value-added product sales 6% to 8% annually. We believe we'll get there. Our goal is to understand our consumers' needs and provide foods that meet those needs in every day part. Our focus this year has been on 3 categories: handheld or on-the-go, gluten-free and no antibiotics ever. For a couple of quick examples in support of the handheld category, we're extending our current line with new whole-grain items and bold flavors. Also look for gluten-free chicken nuggets and other gluten-free breaded products in response to the growing number of consumers who are following the gluten-free diet. In the no antibiotics ever category, we'll build on the NatureRaised Farms brand of fresh chicken, which is successfully launched in February. We just started shipping frozen, fully cooked items under this new brand that features the attributes of no antibiotics ever, a 100% all natural, vegetarian-fed with independent third-party animal welfare certification. The NatureRaised Farms fully cooked line includes whole-grain and gluten-free offerings to meet the needs of a growing category of consumers who are looking for chicken with no antibiotics ever in their convenience foods. These are a few examples of the 90 new retail products you'll see this year in our aggressive product launch schedule. We're supporting these products through a significant amount of highly targeted MAP spending, and we're already seeing good return on our spend. I'll highlighted some of what we're doing at retail but I don't want to leave you with the impression that innovation is only in one channel. Working alongside our foodservice customers, we play a key role in developing many of the QSR new product features and promotions you've seen and you will see this year. We'll be introducing well over 100 new products in fiscal '13 in the various foodservice channels, including QSR, national accounts, distribution, schools, deli and convenience stores. Speaking of which, as we mentioned previously, we're focused on expanding our presence in deli and c-stores. We recently hosted the c-store foodservice summit here at our Discovery Center. It was a big success. We didn't just highlight our existing product capabilities, we bought in new concepts and products to help c-store chains expand their offerings and drive new and increased sales. Several participants said it was the best industry event they had ever attended. So to wrap up my thoughts on new product innovation, we've got a lot done. We've got a lot going on and we've got a lot planned for the next few years. We're in a very unique position in our industry. We don't just sell our products. We help our customers meet new opportunity in what our products can do for them. In the area of new product innovation, we're excited about what we do, about how we do it and most especially excited that our customers value what we do. I look forward to being able to give you more news in this area in the future as we achieve value-added growth while meeting our customers' needs. Turning to our international business. I'm really pleased with our growth strategy and how that's taken shape. Our international operations have improved significantly compared to a year ago, primarily driven by great results in Mexico and Brazil. Now obviously, the avian influenza outbreak in China is troubling and is detrimental to protein consumption in the short run. But I think long term, this validates our business model in China, which emphasizes biosecurity, supply-chain integrity and food safety. Now you may have noticed in our earnings release this morning that we had a $56 million impairment of noncore assets in China, and I want to explain what this is. Our team in China conducted a thorough assessment of our long-term strategy and concluded that the capital investment needed to upgrade one of our older poultry complexes would be better spent in other ways. As a result of the change in expectations for this facility, we took an impairment this quarter. But I want to be clear that we are still committed to our strategy of company control birds in China, and we're looking into how best to use that capital. My final thoughts are that we got this tough quarter behind us and everybody here is focused on what lies ahead, not just for the rest of the year but the next 3 to 5 years down the road. Whether it's new product launches, new categories, new distribution channels, training our people to perform at their highest level or succession planning to ensure we always have a high performing team in place, Tyson Foods is in a good position. And while our plans are ambitious, they're also realistic and attainable, which is why I'm so excited about our future. Q3 is off to a really good start and I believe we'll finish the back half strong and take a lot of momentum into FY '14. So that concludes my remarks. Dennis will now give the financial update followed by Jim, who will discuss our operating segments. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported Q2 earnings of $0.26 per share or $0.36 after adjusting for the $56 million impairment charge on noncore assets in China and the $19 million currency translation gain. These adjustments had essentially no tax expense or benefit. And as Donnie said, adjusting for these 2 items, year-to-date earnings per share is $0.84, down $0.02 compared to $0.86 last year. Adjusted pretax return on invested capital for the past 12 months was 16%. Capital expenditures were $133 million for the quarter and $290 million through the first 6 months of fiscal '13 as we continue to invest in projects for both our domestic and foreign operations that will not only result in improved productive capabilities, labor efficiencies, yields and sales mix but also increase our ability to innovate and produce new products to our customers. Operating cash flow through 2 quarters was $230 million, down from fiscal '12 due to increased accounts receivable from an uptick in sales at the end of the second quarter. This past quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares for $50 million under our share repurchase program. This brings our total repurchases over the past 8 quarters to 29.4 million shares for $550 million under this program. Including cash of $762 million and short-term investments of $47 million, net debt was $1.6 billion. Total liquidity was just under $1.8 billion, remaining well above the upper end of our targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt remained at just over $2.4 billion and we still plan to pay off convertible notes due in October with cash on hand. Net debt to EBITDA for the last 12 months was 1x. On a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 1.5x. Through March, debt interest expense is down 26% compared to a year ago at $70 million. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 33.2% or 27.7% excluding the impairment of the noncore assets in China and the currency translation gain. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter was 366 million. This reflects the dilutive share effect of options and convertible notes of $13 million. The impact of the 2.1 million shares repurchased during the quarter will not be fully realized until subsequent quarters. So now here are some thoughts on fiscal '13 as a whole. We expect revenues of approximately $34.5 billion, down slightly from previous guidance. Net interest expense should approximate $140 million. The effective tax rate should be around 35.5% to 36%, and we've widened our CapEx plan to a range of $550 million to $600 million. Our priorities for excess cash remain first toward additional capital spending to continue innovating, improving and growing our existing businesses, such as the new products Donnie mentioned in his remarks. Second, acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies around value-added products in our international footprint. As you know, we acquired Don Julio Foods in the second quarter and we continue to look for opportunities that can contribute to our growth goals and finally by continuing to return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, as we've demonstrated recently with our share repurchase activity and increased dividend rate. In closing, I would like to reemphasize our confidence that our team will deliver strong results in the second half of the year and that we will carry that momentum with us into fiscal '14 with our sight set on at least 10% EPS growth. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a closer look into our operating segments.
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Dennis, and good morning. The Pork segment had 5.5% return on sales and $72 million in operating income in the second fiscal quarter. Our average sales price per pound and volume were both down 2.2% compared to Q2 last year. Pork exports softened during the quarter, which increased domestic availability by about 3.5% versus a year ago, negatively impacted wholesale pricing. In response, we chose to run reduced volumes in an effort to improve margins. We expect industry hog supplies to be flat but sufficient and pork exports are likely to decrease slightly compared to fiscal 2012. However, we expect 2013 will be another strong year for our Pork segment. The Prepared Foods segment had a 3.5% return on sales and $28 million in operating income. Our volume was down 0.8%, while average sales price per pound was up slightly at 0.3% over Q2 of '12. Volume was down due to reduced foodservice demand, although we maintain market share. To offset demand, we're going after other business across the multiple channels we service, which we believe will improve our volume in 2014. Also in Prepared Foods, our lunchmeat plant in Houston is undergoing a renovation project, and it should improve our results in fiscal '14 but it will be a drag on the segment in 2013. Our Chicken segment is performing well and reported a 2.5% return on sales and $78 million in operating income. Volume was essentially flat, while pricing was up 6.2%. Without the impairment from our Chinese assets, the Chicken segment has made $241 million the first half of fiscal '13 compared to $177 million in the first half of fiscal '12. This is despite an increase of $335 million in total feed cost year-over-year, showing how much our Chicken business has improved. We continue to improve through capital investment and significant operational efficiencies. In the second quarter, we drove more than $10 million out of our cost structure through operational efficiencies, bringing the total to $39 million so far this year. We still expect to achieve $100 million in operating efficiencies for the year. We position ourselves to better adjust to rising feed cost by changing many of our sales contracts, which are now formula based or shorter term in nature, allowing us to more readily offset rising input cost through pricing. Our annual fixed price contracts are in the single digits and declined further in Q2 compared to Q1. Additionally, foodservice promotion of chicken throughout 2013 should help drive volume of highly value-added products that are less susceptible to commodity pricing. This, coupled with strong demand at retail for chicken, are positive indicators for the strong back half of the year in the Chicken segment. Although our production has not been directly affected by avian influenza in China, demand has softened for the entire Chinese poultry industry. Concerns over AI, along with an antibiotic residue problem by competitors, have caused Chinese consumers to question their food safety. We believe our modern methods and processes will make our chicken the preferred product, and we'll be in a position to benefit in the long run. Our team in China continues to improve. And apart from this delay in demand, we remain on target with our production goals. Turning to the Beef segment. We had a negative margin of 0.8%, with an operating loss of $26 million. Volume was down 3.9% while price per pound was up 6.5%. We have several issues that contributed both positively and negatively to our results. There is a regional disparity in cattle cost, followed by the closure of the Texas plant. Our Southern plants had an improved relationship between beef prices and cattle cost, which did enhance our margins and improve our utilization. This was positive to our results. However, in some of our Northern plants, we had margin compression from the increased demand for cattle relative to the price of beef, which is negative to margins. We expanded and increased our operating cost compared to Q2 last year. These are driven by labor cost, resulting from product mix changes and higher wages. We also had operational challenges, primarily in 2 plants, and we've taken steps to rectify the underperformance in these operations. Although demand for ground beef was good, overall beef demand was soft, apparently from the higher prices and the resolving consumer movement towards chicken. This was particularly noticeable in our premium beef programs. We were not able to realize optimum revenue for steak and roast cuts because supplies exceeded consumption. To rectify this situation, we have adjusted our cattle procurement strategies to reflect the softer demand and excess supplies from the premium grains. Looking ahead in Beef, we still expect industry-fed cattle supplies to decline by 2% to 3% in fiscal 2013. There should be adequate supplies near our plants, although there could be periods of supply-demand imbalance. The operating environment and our performance have improved and our Beef segment was profitable in both March and April. In conclusion, we come to the toughest part of the year and are nearly equal to last year. We believe Q3 and Q4 will be significantly better than Q2, but they're not in a bank yet, so we can't and won't let up. Our teams know what they need to know. Now we just have to go about the business of day-to-day execution. That is the end of our prepared remarks. We are ready to begin Q&A. Operator, we're ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have our first question, Ryan Oksenhendler, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just want to ask, regarding the outlook for Chicken, as I look out for the back half of the year, can you see pricing accelerate as you've seen breast meat move here? And I know some of your contracts didn't really get priced until February, March, so we didn't see as much of an increase in the second quarter. And then is there any reason that that can't continue into fiscal '14 given that supply seemed to be disciplined here given the recent pullet placement trends?
Donnie Smith: Yes. A couple of parts. Let me take the first one. Yes, we do expect to see pricing improve in Q3 versus Q2 and forward into 4. Certainly, market's given us a good bit of help there. Looking on into '14, if you look at the pullet numbers -- and by the way, the amount of eggs that are going to Mexico, really don't see that supply is going to change much until -- timing would tell you sometime around late Oct, Nov and then of course, then you're going into the Thanksgiving and Christmas market slowdown. So it wouldn't make sense for us to do anything on supply going into that period. So really feels like you'll carry a lot of momentum into '14 and on end of -- front half of the calendar part of the year.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And then just one follow-up on the international regarding bird flu in China, in terms of impacting your business, I know consumption has slowed. You originally had planned to be breakeven, I think, in the fourth quarter -- fiscal fourth quarter of this year. Has that changed? And I guess, kind of can you give us an outlook for fiscal '14 and how that will impact that earnings for next year?
Donnie Smith: Yes, it sure has, Ryan. I'd say it probably pushes out that breakeven mark for a quarter or 2. Still in our sights, though. In terms of the business operations, we're getting our houses built on time just like we thought we would. By the end of the year, we'll have about half of our production in company-owned housing. That will feel really good going into the plants. So whereas I thought maybe we'd be there in Q4, it's likely to be maybe Q1 or Q2 now '14. But you should expect sequential year-over-year continued improvements in international. This year, our international results minus the impairment in China, so let's call it an adjusted international results number, will be markedly better than last year and then you'll see another improvement, we believe, going into '14.
Operator: Next question, Heather Jones, BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: My first question is on Beef. Using Hedgers Edge as a proxy, you guys' sequential and year-on-year performance in Beef deteriorated pretty dramatically. And some of the things that you discussed in your prepared remarks were company specific but some were issues that the whole industry struggled with. So I was wondering if you could give us a sense of magnitude of the company-specific issues you referenced and how soon those will be resolved so we could expect you to get back to your typical spread to the industry.
Donnie Smith: Let me address that. First of all, the north style does make the Hedgers Edge, which is one number, a little bit more difficult to interpret. But yes, we did have some specific, particularly related to our normal premiums for what we call the premium grades. And we saw the softness in demand, which put pricing pressure on that. And we usually lag how we pay for cattle based on what the lagging premium grades warrant. And we weren't rapid enough to correct that and pushed that premium for the higher-end grades, the Angus approach, as even the prime were all soft. And so we didn't adjust that fast enough and that was particularly as well in the northern tier where the cattle did trade higher. So we really got hit specifically in our northern tier plants with higher price beef relative to what the beef warranted, as well as paying more than we should have for the premium grade. So we've got -- we've had that corrected. And then we're working through getting our operational cost issue that I referenced in a couple of plants. I'm comfortable that we'll get our arms around that and push forward to get ourselves back where we normal are in Beef.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, you talked about being in your normalized range for Chicken in the back half. And I understand, given the structure of your business model, that your magnitude of improvements is not going to track like when the industry is improving as quickly as it is now. But given what we're seeing with breast meat, given what we're seeing just with demand, there seems to be an acceleration in demand, should we anticipate you guys being at the high end of normalized in the back half? Or you -- I mean how are you thinking about that?
Donnie Smith: We're expecting, yes, to be in the high end, and we expect domestic Chicken to do very, very well on this back half of the fiscal year. Again, we're seeing the pricing where we want it, our operational efficiencies were set up very well and understanding our demand and supply, so we're in very good balance -- at least, we anticipate to be in very good balance on what we know today. We're seeing a tremendous amount of features at foodservice on chicken products and we're also seeing the same follow-through so far into early Q3 here with chicken at retail continuing to show a demand shift away from beef. So we're very encouraged with the back half on Chicken in fiscal '13. And I do believe it will carry right on into '14 the way the supply structure is set up currently.
Operator: Next question is Tim Ramey, D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just wondering if you could give us any color on Japan and the increasing age and some of the specialty cuts that you might be able to ship into there at greater margins. Is that starting to flow? What -- were we seeing any real impact there?
Donnie Smith: Well, it is now, actually. And if I think back a mere quarter ago when that was just announced, the enthusiasm was very high. And I fully well know that the lag time to get the supply chain and get the customer base reestablished into Japan would take some time, and it did. So we didn't really see any positive benefit through the Jan, Feb, March period to speak of, although in March it started to heat up on the shipment side and we're starting to see supply chain be reestablished. In fact, the U.S., when I look at March, popped up 28%. Now we got a very high share of that. In fact, when we track our numbers, our Tyson share into Japan was up at -- up 95%. So we feel pretty good, as well as the market for the non-muscle cuts starting to -- the interest is starting to expand there. But it's going to take a little bit more time than what everybody originally thought and markets never move and demand never moves as fast as one wants. But I'm very encouraged with what I see going forward from the Japanese market on beef exports.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And if I could just follow up on China. You obviously have a great story to tell there, and I just don't know whether you can tell that story. I mean, it's always hard when you have these, maybe an influenza outbreaks, nobody wants to hear about chicken at all. But at the end of the day, your story is one that should be well received. Who's going to lead that charge? Is that kind of the YUM! brands of the world that will do that? Or does everyone just want to be quiet a little bit for a while on chicken?
Donnie Smith: Tim, I think early, there's just a consumer issue around AI and don't buy chicken, don't buy -- and so demand has really dropped a lot, particularly in the Shanghai area, which is where our operations are. I think that's temporary. We believe that whenever the number of confirmed cases quits growing that, let's call it a time clock, if you will, will begin, and then a few months after that consumer acceptance of poultry will be right back to where it was. The one thing that this unfortunate event has done is absolutely validated our model for extreme biosecurity, the best in food safety. Our supply chain is very, very well protected, and that's getting recognition. And so over time, I believe that will continue to validate our model and we'll see the value from that. It's just, right now, we're a little bit overwhelmed with kind the, don't want to say fear, but folks backing off of chicken. Jim, anything to add?
James V. Lochner: Yes. The only thing I'd add is yes, the short term here, we've seen demand but there's some sort of long-term structural changes that appear to be in place, particularly when you think about the wet market eliminating all live bald chicken and other follow other market. And you're seeing that fragmented independent producers that got hurt hard and the antibiotic issues in November, December followed with this, so we expect to see a reduction in that independent fragmented supply chain, which actually will position us on the rebound very well because we haven't backed off anything on our company-owned control production. So actually, the silver lining will be out front yet. So we're comfortable with it.
Operator: Next question is Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just on a follow-up to the discussion on Beef. You talked about some of the regional challenges and the pressure on margins there. Do you think there was any impact from the snow in May or the really cold spring we've had, I guess, in terms of the grilling season? And then how big a deal has this trade disruption been with China on the beta agonist?
James V. Lochner: The snow in May is a surprise to everybody. But I don't think that's really negatively impacted the cattle supplies, if anything, maybe slowed down the availability slightly. But that will quickly rebound. We'll have those clearly available through the balance of May, June, July, August. So I expect actually Beef to be much like last year with a very, very strong back half and it certainly set that way -- set itself up that way. And I do think the cold weather has hurt consumption until recently when we've seen the cutoffs start to rebound here in the last week or so. So yes, I think the demand and again, we always make money in the slope of change. So when Beef revenues are under pressure and they're declining, the cattle costs have to correct down to it. And vice versa, when the positive revenues are going up, the cattle costs tend to lag it up. So we're in that mode right now with fairly ample supplies coming at us. The ractopamine, any time you lose a market and you create more domestic availability, you put pressure on wholesale prices, and that did have some impact on Beef and it clearly had some impact on the Pork wholesale prices because that domestic availability, as I referenced in Pork, did go up 3.5% on a nominal increase in production pounds. So a loss of markets does influence those wholesale prices, which ultimately influences the value of hogs and cattle.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just as a follow-up, talking about that Pork, that situation doesn't seem like it's going to get a lot better; inventories are growing. How should we be thinking about it as we look forward? And seasonally, I think you'll get a little tighter supplies here over the next couple of months. But then looking into the -- later this year, it seems like that growing inventory of pork and the inability of the U.S. market to take that is going to be a big problem. How should we be thinking about pork long term?
Donnie Smith: Well, I think the -- from our margin perspective, I'm very positive. Again, once we get through this typical April, May is usually your tighter supply, there may be some pressure on the wholesale prices. But I think that's largely built in that lack of domestic disappearance. Your exports has already adjusted. So I think the balance will be there. And I actually expect us to come through and end the year very strong in Pork margins. But there won't be -- I don't think we'll see the robust pricing that we saw in prior years either.
Operator: Next question is Ken Goldman, JPMC.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On Chicken wings, we continue to see frozen stores numbers climb, and there's a theory out there that inventories are rising in preparation for a pretty major national launch by a QSR. But at the same time, prices are soft for wings. So it's not like all these wings going into storage instead of market are driving these -- the price on shelf higher. So can you give us a bit of color as to what's happening there? And specifically, are there enough wings for a QSR to do a major national launch all at once? Or does it kind of have to be piecemeal region by region, in your opinion?
Donnie Smith: Well, I probably shouldn't comment on what a QSR might do. But let me talk about wing supply. Typically this time of the year, prices are going to fall. You get out of the past March madness, you're going to see prices drop. I'm grateful wings currently trade, what, upper 120s, low 130s, that kind of number. And that's probably $0.25, $0.30 a pound above what the 4-, 5-year average would be for this time of the year. So I still think -- I like where wings prices are. And typically what will happen, Ken, is folks like us, you get into the kind of the latter part of the summer deal and you know you're going to have a big wing season coming up, so you call it -- these through March. Folks will start buying wings and further processing those and putting those in inventory to get ready for big retailer, foodservice features that are going to be coming during the next wing season. Because you're going to sell a whole lot more wings during wing season than what you could produce. So it gets a little soft this time of the year. It firms up. I'm sure if there's a QSR that's working on a promotion that there's going to be plenty of wings to supply that, it may mean that wing prices are firmer next wing season, but we'll deal with that then.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is the strength in the breast meat term prices probably are also long term going to be supportive of the wing because you won't have the ability to go chase a lower meat lock-in in the boneless breast meat contribution to the boneless wings.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Interesting. Urner Barry has jumbo wings at $1.10. You guys are seeing actual prices trade well ahead of that it sounds like?
Donnie Smith: Yes. Most of what -- well, what I was quoting was probably the medium wing market, which is what we do. Yes, jumbo would be about $1.10.
James V. Lochner: It's $1 to $1.10.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on Pork, in the last month or so, we've seen hog and pork prices jump higher. And I realized, of course, part of it is seasonality, right? But the growth rate is higher than we usually see this time of year. So maybe seasonality isn't the only driver, right? We're still seeing -- I guess, I'm curious, right, we're still seeing a very unfavorable dollar-yen translation rate and export debt is not great. So I'm curious in your opinion why we've seen sequentially pork prices rise maybe more than what some of us would have expected lately.
Donnie Smith: A little bit of that rise, when I look back at it -- because we got hurt in the margins in Feb through March on that decline, and then they start to shore back up and that relationship came back together. But as of late, bellies were running. They corrected back. They were running up fairly sizable on increases as well as those hams, and loins were starting to show kind of a seasonal increase. So I was actually very -- maybe not surprised but, I guess, gratified. I'm seeing the shore up in pricing and the increase suggesting again maybe that the retail consumption and overall demand were starting to show some strength, particularly as we said before because this cold spring I do think has had a very negative influence on just purely the grilling rates. So maybe that's the sign.
Operator: Next question is Diane Geissler, CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to touch back on the China issue and maybe take it from a different angle. Just the Chinese consumer seems to me has just been beleaguered with bad news about protein between the feed issue, avian flu, dead hogs in the river and now rat meat. I have to believe that the multinationals that are operating there and the government itself is eager to move the professionalism of that industry -- variety of industries that are hogs and poultry a little bit more quickly just because it's been, I think, a little scary for the Chinese consumers. So what is the biggest impediment, in your view, to really ramping up what you have going there in terms of the biosecurity protocols and the vertical integration? And then I guess, can we talk a little bit about the margin structure? Because I know you've said in the past that you're aiming for margins in that business to be in excess of what you experienced in North America. And if you could just talk about -- I think on a normalized basis, if you look at your current revenue base in the U.S. in the poultry business, normalized will be somewhere $600 million, $700 million, $800 million in total operating profit. Do you see China as that kind of opportunity over the next 5 years?
Donnie Smith: Diane, so let me go over the first part. You're absolutely correct, and I like your term "the beleaguered consumer" there. And remember, a lot of poultry consumers in China are still -- they are readily capable of moving back to a vegetable-based diet, and so that's what's happened. Now I do believe that there's increasing concern on the part of everybody on getting to a more biosecure supply chain, as well there should be. So we think that portends a great future for our business. That industry is very, very, very fragmented. The number of true integrated suppliers is an incredibly small percent of the poultry in that supply chain. There are still white bird versus yellow bird, pretty good disparity between the amount of white bird sold in the market versus yellow bird. So that market is pretty fragmented, and it's going to take several years for that industry to consolidate and integrate, but I believe it will because of the biosecurity concerns. So that portends well for our business. What hinders us is we're building chicken houses as fast as we can, and that frankly is our bottleneck. Our processing plants -- we've got 2 big beautiful processing plants. And our profitability, by the way, will improve dramatically when we are running those with company on birds at a much higher rate than we are today. Now let's talk about our margins. If you look forward, we'll probably be somewhere around $3 million head a week when we look out into the latter part of FY '14 and FY '15 and our plants will be full, and we expect, then, our margins to be above -- in a mature complex, we would expect our margins to be above the normalized range here in the U.S. Beef, think in low-double digits. Now also though, we do intend to grow our China poultry business fairly rapidly. And so you may not see a recognized double-digit margin continuously if we're bringing on new complexes because we're layering in, if you will, some efficiencies building for the future -- inefficiencies as we're building for the future. So -- but we do believe though that on a per bird basis, our customers in that region will pay for the added value and the added biosecurity and food safety and that type of thing that we provide. We are seeing our margins to wholesale in areas that we expect them to be. But I think maybe a lot of people underestimate currently the demand destruction in China. But I do believe, as I said little bit earlier, that will correct itself as soon as the number of cases quits going up. That help?
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: It does. Can I just ask a follow-up on the chicken house construction?
Donnie Smith: Sure.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I appreciate that's a fairly specific question. Is the biggest bottleneck there the siting process, in other words, negotiating the rights to use the land? Is it your own construction capabilities? Is it training the people who are going to raise the birds? Or is it all 3 those?
Donnie Smith: You got really 2 things. Number one, the construction process, we can build the houses. There's plenty of folks over there, plenty of construction companies that can build the house. Obtaining the land use rights is a bit of a bottleneck. And then when we opened up a new farm site, which may have up to 8 to 10 chicken houses on it, we'll double staff that site, and then train the next, if you would, live production crew for the next farm site that will open. So we're handling our training issues. It does impact cost a little bit, not dramatically, but it does impact our cost a little bit. But the land use rights is the most difficult bottleneck.
Operator: Next question is Farha Aslam, Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: On just, first, continuing on Diane's question on China and Chicken. Could you just share with us, going into the second half of the year, how you think about Mexico versus China? Do you think the improvement year-over-year in Mexico profitability will offset kind of the level of weakness you're seeing in China?
Donnie Smith: Oh yes, definitely. Our Mexican operation is having a really good year. By the way, Brazil is profitable and doing very well, still pretty small but doing very well. So yes, that's -- what we were expecting to see was the China group being breakeven or profitable at the -- during our fourth quarter. Don't look like that's going to happen now, but we do believe Mexico and Brazil will be more than making up the gap.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just turning to Beef in the second half of the year again, do you expect it to reach your normalized margin levels for the second half of 2013?
James V. Lochner: Yes. We're clearly headed into that zone right now. And I expect it to be similar and maybe even a bit stronger than the back half last year, just because April started out so much better than a year ago. A year ago, April was a real tough segment in Beef. If you recall, we had some issues relative to the ground beef segment and overall demand. We're not facing that this year. The biggest obstacle we've had is cold weather and consumption. But that -- again, that seems to be turning around now. And we came through March and April in very good shape. That's why I'm very confident back end of the back half of -- or the second half of the year that we'll be very comparable or probably perhaps better. A lot of moving parts, but I certainly don't see any impediments on Beef. And then the strength, I think, I'm a little more encouraged with Japan going forward than I would have been a quarter ago because we were early into that game. So I'm seeing enough positive signs.
Operator: Next question, Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I went to a conference for the chicken industry a few weeks ago. And I thought that the message there was that the top chicken companies are making money right now, but the majority of the industry is not. I look at spot margins; it doesn't look quite that bad. It actually looks like everyone's doing pretty well. Can you give us a sense about your quarter and whether you think you were like in the top 1/3 of performers or not, and whether you think that there's an increased probability that the bottom 1/3 might be unable to increase production as the year goes on?
Donnie Smith: Rob, I -- as I look at industry benchmarking data, which we've participated in, I would tell you that the majority of the industry is making money. Probably 80% or so of the industry ought to be profitable, at least at the operating margin level. And we continue, and now for months and months, operate in the top quartile of the industry.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And a follow-up on China, maybe the ninth question asked. But you said that you chose not to invest in a noncore asset. Is -- what is a noncore asset in China? It's not your processing facilities. Is it something else?
Donnie Smith: We have a complex that, as we looked at it, in order to get that complex to, let's call it perform at a level that we would have been happy with, the capital required to do that was going to be better spent in other ways. So our team over there did a thorough analysis of what it was going to take to get this complex to a level that we would have been happy with it long term. And it just -- it felt like to us -- or it didn't feel like to us, the numbers showed us that money would have been better spent put into other areas, so that's what we chose to do. But when we did that, it forced us to take an impairment on that complex.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But Donnie, is it -- what kind of complex is it? Is it 1 of these 2 big processing facilities? Or is it something else?
Donnie Smith: No, it's an older complex.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: An older complex. Okay, are you going to shut it down? Or are you going to keep operating?
Donnie Smith: Too early to say. Undetermined at this time. We're working through all of our options.
Operator: Next question is Akshay Jagdale, KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So Donnie, just looking at where you are today versus 3 months ago, your grain cost guidance is roughly $0.26 to EPS better than before. Boneless, skinless breast prices, if I'm not wrong, are the highest they've been since '04. And Chicken makes up 50% of your business. And so isn't the year shaping up net-net to be better even though you had a weaker quarter? That's the first question. And to elaborate on that, can you just be more specific about this quarter being off to a good start?
Donnie Smith: Yes. So the answer to your first part of your question is, yes, very much so. If you look at our quarter on an adjusted basis, year-to-date, we've absorbed $335 million in incremental feed ingredient cost. And I think on an adjusted basis, we're probably...
Dennis Leatherby: $241 million year-to-date.
Donnie Smith: $241 million year-to-date. So $64 million better than the runway from a year ago on an adjusted basis. So that's -- in my opinion, that's really, really good. We're taking a lot of momentum into the back half of our year. Pricing feels good now. We're not a commodity player, but we do have features and lots of things that price off higher commodity market. So in a summertime kind of environment, we may not ever get to the high of pure commodity players, but you also won't see the lows during the other parts of the year either. But, yes, Akshay, I think, you've got a good read on it. We've got a great back half lined up. And when I say we're off to a really good start, what I'm talking about is that our margin structure is better than what we planned it would be going into this year. We've been saying since, well, since a month after the -- our last call when we started talking about Q2 being a little tougher than we thought, we've been talking about a strong back half since then, and our margin structures came in a little better than that. So we feel really good.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So where is -- and just to follow up on that, where are Chicken margins today?
Donnie Smith: I can't answer that, but they are better than we planned.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just again, on the Chicken business, I mean, it was a good quarter. But what I'm seeing, and maybe I'm just reading this incorrectly, is the revenue per pound sequentially was not as good as it typically is. So one, am I reading that correctly? And two, was -- can you explain what might be going on there? I mean, from the December to the March quarter, typically your revenue per pound goes up a little bit more than it did this quarter.
Donnie Smith: Yes, you are reading that correctly. And here's the deal. There's been a mix change, with the economy being a little softer, we've seen our mix change more chopped and formed than whole muscle, what we would normally see. And so that mix change, the products sell for cheaper, but don't think that translates necessarily into the cost -- into the margin structure because it doesn't. So while our revenue per pound is down, our margin per pound is not. It's just a mix change to a more chopped and formed basis. And also, too, although we've had significant pricing improvements in our fresh business, our fresh items, which might not carry the same revenue per pound as further process, fully cooked, whole muscle breast item, for example, still, we're running a great business there. And so the revenue per pound might not be up but our margin structure is really good. So I'm very happy there.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And one just last one on Beef, if I may for Jim. So you said you are tracking in your normalized range right now for Beef. So should we assume that even if the cutout remains in the 180, mid-180s, high-180s on Beef, you'll still be able to do as good or better than last year?
James V. Lochner: In Feb, we thought the back half would track there. And if the cutout corrects because of any demand issues, which I don't anticipate we're going to see that degree of correction. But if it does, you're coming in at the time of the year with the most plentiful supply. So you get the price of Beef to the price of cattle relationship, this is the best time of the year to be doing that with the supply coming at. So the cutout will be, as it always is, really a function of what the consumption is against the weekly supply. And that's why we really pay such close attention to what meat is disappearing and try to keep our offering as -- in balance with what we have within our plants and what we see our cattle supply and what we see the beef supply or beef demand and consumption going forward. But this is the time of the year generally and historically, if you look back, this back half is usually our -- the Beef packing's strongest time frame. So even if the price pressure is on there, I think we'll get back into -- in the back half approach what I said on normalized, or get within normal.
Operator: Next question is Tim Tiberio, Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Just a very quick question on Brazil. You're mentioning that results are performing very well there. Does this give you more confidence to maybe accelerate your investment in that market, especially as feed costs are falling a little bit quicker than even in North America on the soy mill side?
Donnie Smith: Yes. And one of our emphasis there is growing our value-added sales. So yes, very much. We're happy with our Brazilian assets and are going to grow them.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last follow-up question. In lunchmeat section, you mentioned that there was some cost pressures because of new ramp in the facility, but are you also seeing any increased competition that would be impacting those results that we should be aware of?
Donnie Smith: Not so much. Our lunchmeat issues are wholly our own. We're spending a lot of money down in Houston getting that facility to a point that we need it to be. And when you're going to have an extended shutdown to change a lot of equipment out, we're having product co-packed and working through all the supply-chain issues to make sure we take care of our customers and all that. And that adds quite a bit of cost into the supply chain. We'll work through all that over the next 4, 5, 6 months. And we think by the time we get into Q1 of '14, our lunchmeat business is going to be operating where it needs to.
Operator: The next question is Ken Zaslow, Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Let me ask, in terms of 2014, do you think that the back half of 2013 is more representative of what you're going to be able to produce in 2014? Is there any businesses that you don't think will be in the normalized range?
Donnie Smith: The answer is yes and no.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So no, you don't think there'll be any businesses that will not be normalized range in 2014?
Donnie Smith: That's correct. And I do think that the back half of '13 is indicative of the kind of performance that we should certainly carry into '14 and probably sustain. Now you know, Ken, you know all of the fundamental issues and corn crop and all that stuff. But what we can see, there we go.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. In Prepared Foods, you kind of gave a little representation of what in Beef is being corrected. You continue to say that there's going to be a drag on Prepared Foods. Can you give a quantification of what that actually is?
Donnie Smith: Say that again? I missed your question.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You said that in Prepared Foods that there is a drag on the earnings in the back half of this year from last quarter to this quarter and continuing on for, we don't how many quarters, but for a period of time. How much is that? And when will that go away?
Donnie Smith: Well, hard to quantify because our team is busy minimizing that impact as we speak. But I can tell you in the Prepared Foods, there's 2 things that are really impacting that segment. Number one and the biggest majority of it is our lunchmeat business, which we're working on. Number two is we had pretty soft foodservice demand in Q2. And it felt particularly heavy in our Prepared Foods business. Now we've got an -- a lot of new products that we're working on and a lot of things we're doing there. I tend to think that, I would say -- I tend to think that our Prepared Foods group will perform a little bit better in 3 and 4 than it did in 1 and 2. When we went through our quarter, I told them to quit digging a hole, and I think we're there. But it may -- as we start into the quarter, it -- I think they're just now at the point to where they're getting the grip on the rope like we need them to. So I think the worst is over there, but I don't think we're going to fill in the hole very much in the back half.
James V. Lochner: Now the big change is in Houston as we modernize that. But the other lunchmeat plants in that group have also added some new modern equipment to improve yields and labor efficiencies. We really just needed to get more equipment, get -- to get our sales more efficient and improve our yield and improve our overall quality. So that also applies to a less dramatic way in the other plants other than Houston. So I expect, like Donnie, to improve into this back half.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ann Gurkin, Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to review a question with the outlook now for a 1% increase in domestic protein and from discussion of global demand and domestic demand, maybe a little softer for different protein classes and now looking for Chicken production up 2% to 3% and Pork exports down. Can you just walk through what is the biggest driver giving you the confidence to maintain guidance for '13, look for '13 to grow modestly maybe versus '12?
James V. Lochner: Let me start. And that still boils back down to what we've seen in the perishable data and other sets where beef consumption has been dropping, which has put price pressure generally on the wholesale cuts but not necessarily at the retail. So that's been the strength of chicken's demand. And I don't know that I agree with, personally, some of the forecast I saw on the overall because they're all predicated on exports being down. I don't particularly see chicken exports declining going forward. And I think pork decline in exports has already been built in. So -- and I believe we've seen those wholesale prices adjust. So in other words, I think the beef-chickens switch has happened, and that will continue to support the Chicken segment.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: So the Chicken -- the outlook for the Chicken segment, what gives you really great confidence for the year?
James V. Lochner: Yes, that and the fact that if you look at the infrastructure, the pullet placements and the ability to rebound supply quickly, it isn't in there. And you look at the egg sets to hatch, the egg sets to hatch and you're seeing more aged hens and less productivity as well. So you're seeing enough signs that the supply chain will struggle to keep up. And even though the -- again, the real wildcard has been on the pork exports but I think that's largely built in.
Donnie Smith: Before we I go, I just want to reemphasize that we're still on track for an adjusted EPS that exceeds last year's. For the first half of the year, we're at $0.84 adjusted versus $0.86 last year, and we've done that with an incremental $335 million in feed costs. Tyson Foods is on pace for another very good year. So I want to thank you all for joining us today, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the first quarter of our 2013 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer. Because our shareholders' meeting is this morning, we need to end the call by 9:15 Central. [Operator Instructions] We'll answer as many of your questions as we can until 9:15. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. $0.48 a share is a good start to the fiscal year and was a little better than our expectations. How the results broke out among the segments was a little different than we originally thought, but that's the advantage of our multi-protein, multichannel, multinational business model. Sometimes we run into some hurdles in one area, but we make up ground in others. It's a balanced approach that over time has led to, and should continue to, produce steadier, more consistent earnings growth. Our sales team has done an excellent job of getting paid for the value that we provide our customers. In our poultry business, we reduced annual fixed price contracts to less than 10% of the total, improved pricing in that segment to help make up the $170 million in additional feed cost compared to first quarter of a year ago. Looking at demand expectations for 2013. The consensus is that food service will be flat, maybe up 1%, primarily driven by population growth. With consumers burdened by sluggish job growth, the prospect of rising food costs, the loss of the payroll tax cut and uneasiness about the future, forecast could have been much worse. We believe food service demand will hold up and should stay steady this year. The foodservice categories that are expected to show growth include chain restaurants, lodging, hospitals, senior living and contract feeders. The area expected to be down slightly include convenience stores, recreation, schools due to the new guidelines, corrections, independent restaurants and small chains. Tyson is well positioned in all categories and especially among leading national and regional chains, noncommercial and large operators. Our area of concern continues to be the struggling independent operator segment. In terms of addressing consumer needs, we're finding that food bought on value menus has been declining now for 2 years. Instead, operators have been attracting patrons with new products and promotions by adding servings of breakfast sandwiches, chicken nuggets, tacos, fried chicken, sandwiches and wraps. At the same time, servings of burgers, seafood, pizza, soup and pasta have declined. Our diverse portfolio and increased flexibility give us the opportunity to take advantage of these type of swings in consumption. Overall, the need to connect the right product with the right consumer hasn't changed. We're helping our operator and distributor customers by delivering products that offer the premium quality cues that meet consumers' need for perceived value while helping restore customer margins. Retail demand forecasts are basically flat and will depend on what happens to prices at the gas pumps and the retailers' willingness to invest. For the 52-week period ending November 24, total retail fresh meat pounds sold were down 1.3%. Beef was down 4.9%, Pork was up 2.2% and Chicken was up 1.1%. Even more importantly to us, Tyson-branded fresh chicken pounds sold increased by nearly 10%, with dollar sales up almost 12%. So overall, total domestic availability would indicate 3% fewer pounds of beef and roughly 1% more pounds of pork and chicken in 2013. Now throwing a lot of demand information at you, but basically what this means to us is that we can't wait for unemployment to improve or the economy to get better to grow our business, and I assure you, that is not our plan. Our strategy is to accelerate our growth in domestic value-added poultry and Prepared Foods, as well as international poultry, and we're executing that strategy. You remember I said on our Q4 call that we expect top line sales growth of 3% to 4% annually, value-added sales growth should grow at twice that rate, or 6% to 8% and sales from international production should grow at twice that rate or 12% to 16% a year. Some of the steps we're taking to grow our domestic value-added sales include expanding 3 plants. We plan to spend more than $27 million on our Sherman, Texas; Goodlettsville, Tennessee; and Glen Allen, Virginia plants. Both the Texas and Tennessee plants produce case-ready beef and pork. The Virginia plant produces further processed chicken for national food service customers. We've also recently begun operations at our new Bruss steak-cutting operation in Jacksonville, Florida after a $13 million investment there. All 4 of these plant are great locations with an excellent workforce. These are major investments to help support key customers and they'll create as many as 490 new jobs. Turning to our progress in accelerating international chicken production, our performance in Mexico largely offset startup losses in China. That is very encouraging and gives us confidence that our international poultry operations will make the significant improvement that we expected for the year. We're making progress in building our chicken farms to supply our plants in China. We're about 1/3 of the way toward our goal of growing all of our own birds and eliminating the need to buy any market birds, which will provide more consistent, higher-quality products for our customers while allowing us to be much more efficient processor. I'm very pleased with the progress we're making in Brazil, too. Sales in pricing are up and value-added sales are improving, both domestically and with our exports from Brazil into Europe. Everything I've talked about today is part of our strategy to accelerate our growth. We feel very good about our ability to produce solid earnings this year, and there are signs of strength in the back half that make us even more optimistic than on our last call. I told our team last week that they've done a great job of building a foundation that will allow us to grow this business now and for years to come. We've been working to get our sales in this position, and it's exciting to see that happening, knowing how much potential there is. That concludes my remarks. Dennis will now give you the financial update, followed by Jim, who'll discuss our operating segment. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie mentioned, we reported first quarter earnings of $0.48 per share. This represents a 14% increase over the $0.42 we reported a year ago. I would also like to note that on an adjusted basis, our rolling 4-quarter EPS is $1.97. Pretax return on invested capital for the past 12 months was 17.3%. Capital expenditures were $157 million for the quarter as we continue to invest in projects for both our domestic and foreign operations that result in improved productive capabilities, labor efficiencies, yields and sales mix. Operating cash flow came in at $190 million, and this includes cash outflows just over $120 million related primarily to an increase in inventory, plan to support our customers' promotional activities and volume needs. I'm pleased to say we returned more than $150 million to our shareholders during the first quarter. We acquired 5.1 million shares for $100 million under our share repurchase program. In addition to these repurchases, we also increased our regular dividend rate by 25%, and combined with a special dividend of $0.10 per share, we paid just over $50 million in dividends. Including cash of $951 million, net debt was just under $1.5 billion. Total liquidity was $1.9 billion, well above the upper end of our targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt remained at just over $2.54 billion, which will continue until we retire the convertible notes coming due in October this year. At this point, we expect to pay off these notes with cash. Net debt to EBITDA for the last 12 months remained at 0.8x. On a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 1.4x. We reduced net interest expense by 23% compared to a year ago to $36 million. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 36.3%. Average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter was $362 million. This reflects the dilutive share effect of options and convertible notes of $7 million. The impact of the 5.1 million shares repurchased during the quarter will not be fully realized until subsequent quarters. But I would like to take a moment to discuss the impact of our share repurchase program. As a result of the 27.3 million shares we have repurchased since reactivating this program, our Q1 EPS was positively impacted by $0.03. On an annualized basis, we estimate the cumulative repurchases to date will impact EPS by $0.14, holding all other factors constant. Now here are some thoughts on the remainder of fiscal '13. We expect revenues of approximately $35 billion, up approximately 5% over 2012. Net interest expense should approximate $140 million. The effective tax rate should be around 35.5%, and our CapEx plan remains at $550 million, which may increase as we move through the year. Our priorities for excess cash remain intact with what was laid out during our last call, which include additional capital spending to improve and grow our existing businesses, acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies around value-added products and our international footprint, and returning cash to shareholders the repurchases and dividends, all while maintaining plenty of liquidity. In summary, we are off to a great start in fiscal '13 to produce earnings better than last year despite any challenges we currently face. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a closer look into our operating segments.
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Dennis, and good morning. Pork segment had a 9.2% return on sales and $125 million in operating income in the first fiscal quarter. Our average sales price per pound was down 5.5% on 2.2% lower volume compared to Q1 last year. USDA reported prices and hog prices were down 8.4% and 6.7%, respectively, year-over-year. Production was up about 1% and total U.S. exports were down, resulting in more pork domestic availability. Price and volumes were down as a result of balancing supply with demand; however, the Pork segment still produced very good margins in the quarter. We expect hog supplies to be flat and total exports to be lower compared to fiscal '12. We expect our Pork margins to be close to our overall fiscal '12 performance.  Turning to the Prepared Foods segment. We had a 3.9% return on sales and $33 million in operating income. Our volume was up 1.8%, while average sales price per pound was down 4.1% over last year, predominately from lower raw material costs. Our costs were higher in our lunchmeat business, creating margin compression as we continue to invest in that business, which reduced the whole segment. We've talked in the past about our desire to grow sales of Prepared Foods in the convenience store channel, and in Donnie's remarks, you heard him say that we expect demand to be challenged in that particular channel of food service. That isn't a disconnect. Food traffic is expected to be down at c-stores overall, but there's still a tremendous opportunity for growth for our products simply because we're underpenetrated. Next month, Tyson will be hosting the second C-Store News Foodservice Summit to help convenience store channels enhance their prepared food offerings using our proprietary research, consumer insights and products. This is one of many ways we're accelerating value-added growth through innovation. We were very pleased with our Chicken segment in the first quarter, and we had a 3.6% return on sales and $107 million in operating income, despite $170 million in incremental feed costs. Excluding our China startup losses, return on sales was 4.3%. Average sales price per pound was up 8.2% on 1.1% less volume versus Q1 last year. Our chicken prices were higher year-over-year as we focus on getting paid for the value we provide our customers, managing our sales mix and our value-added growth. Our increased inventory was intentional in anticipation of promotional activities and volume needs of several large customers. USDA projections indicate chicken production will be relatively flat this year compared to last year. We currently expect feed cost to be approximately $600 million more than fiscal '12. The capital investments and operational improvements we made in our Chicken business, coupled with changes in our mix and pricing, have put us in a position to better handle rising feed cost, while maintaining our expected levels of profitability. In the Beef segment, we had a 1.3% return on sales and $46 million in operating income. Our average sales price per pound was up 11.7%, and our volume was down 10% compared to Q1 last year. The USDA reported cut-out was up 2.7%, while cattle costs were up 1.9% year-over-year. The fed steer and heifer slaughter was down 1.6%, while carcass weights were up 2.7%. We pull back on the number of head we processed in an effort to maintain prices and our sole position. In other words, we opted for margin, not market share. And as a result, our performance relative to USDA prices achieved a new record for our Beef division in Q1. Our boxed beef exports were up, while the estimated U.S. boxed beef total is down for the quarter. Additionally, the contribution from premium programs was up an incremental 30% -- 37%. This is an illustration of how we improve our overall mix and revenue. We expect to see a reduction of industry-feed cattle supply of 2% to 3% in fiscal '13 compared to last year, primarily in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. Although we generally expect adequate supplies in the regions where we operate our plants, there may be periods of supply and demand imbalance. We anticipated a B plant would close, likely come offline in the first half of the calendar year, and we saw that announcement in the third week of January. This helps to correct the supply imbalance between beef packing capacity and the declining fed steer and heifer availability accelerated by the past 2 years of drought. We are pleased Japan is going to open to 30 month in younger cattle. Japan was historically a good market for a variety of meats, which limited -- which was limited by the 20-month age restriction. We anticipate realizing more revenues from the Japanese rising meat market the coming months. For boxed beef products, the items Japan imported were already being exported to other countries, but this news should help overall Beef export demand in future months. Our focus will continue to be on maximizing the total revenue and managing for margin. I think our results in the first quarter and our response to market conditions demonstrate our ability to anticipate change, get plans in place and execute. I'm proud of our team and have every confidence in their ability to keep it going. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: , So our first question is on Chicken. You've just finished the food service contracting season. Donnie, you'd highlighted that only 10% of your contracts are now fixed. Could you just share with us how you felt about the level of pricing and flexibility you were able to get? And what gives you confidence to be able to say that Chicken should be in the normalized range in the second half?
Donnie Smith: So we're pretty satisfied as we've come through our negotiations, not necessarily just on food service side, but also in retail and pricing. It has been very important to us to continue to work down how many annual fixed price agreements we have. And as of now, coming into calendar '13, we're at 9%, which is, if you'll remember, dramatically less than where we were, say, 4 years ago. And Farha, we've also seen an increase in the amount of product that is sold, where pricing is tied to some part of the input cost, grain-based pass-throughs, those types of things, which gives us more confidence going into the year. But I'll tell you, too, our service, our quality, our innovative capabilities, all those are part of the selling story and we're getting paid for that. So we're pleased now. A lot of that pricing will be coming into play during this quarter. Some of those contracts don't roll over until first of February, first of March, those kinds of things. So we still have to work through that in this quarter. But that's what gives us a bit more confidence in our back half.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then perhaps a follow-up on Beef. Since your last outlook, you've seen Cargill close a plant, you've seen Japan open up. But it in your release, your outlook on Beef was exactly what it was last quarter. Just could you share with us, is it conservatism that's keeping your outlook the same? Or is it something else?
Donnie Smith: No, it's conservatism. I mean, we somewhat anticipated that sometime during this year, we'd probably see some capacity come out. And we'll see as Japan comes on stream. We're hopeful to get a good share of that variety of meat demand in boxed beef. Maybe really just conservatism until the market shapes up and we have a better forward view. But it all looks fairly favorable going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Real quick question on Beef. I just wanted to confirm because you said in your prepared remarks, but I want to make sure I am clear -- or everyone's clear on this. But in your guidance on your Q4 call, you talked about being below the normalized range. So you're saying that when you gave that commentary, you had anticipated some kind of capacity rationalization?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we just had no idea for sure where that might happen. But over time, as that was starting to shape up and we started to see the steer and heifer supply diminish with the calf crops, accelerated by the drought, just knowing that history would likely repeat itself, we thought it would happen. We just didn't know where.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then on Chicken, demand has been really strong. But if you look at the past couple of months, production has been up pretty substantially and that's even before we started seeing an expansion in the exits, and now we're starting to see some expansion in exits. Does that concern you at all? Or your outlook for chicken demand, is it so robust that you believe overall demand can absorb these kind of production increases?
Donnie Smith: Heather, this is Donnie. So I use a 6-week average. So as we look at the last 6 weeks, poultry slaughter pounds have been up 2.7%. A lot of that has been driven by weight because placements have been at about just shy of 1% other than that time period, and slaughter head has been up 1%. So we're picking up about 0.7% -- 1.7% of those slaughter pounds in weight. January is typically a pretty strong month and I think, typically, you would see weights come down during the month of January. We run a lot of Saturdays in January. It's just a good volume month. But let me give you a little bit -- and this is going to be on fresh chicken, but let me give you a little bit of recent data, which gives us some optimism going forward. If you look at the last, I'm going to go -- I'm going to start at 26 weeks, fresh chicken pounds are up 2.8%. Dollar sales are up 8.5%. If you tighten that up to a 13-week view, pounds are still up 2.7%. Dollar sales are up 9.2%. Now if you go to the last 4 weeks, fresh chicken pounds, and this would be sold at retail, is up 4.3% and dollar sales are up 10.6%. So what we're beginning to think, and it'll take a little bit more time to flesh this out and see if we're right, but what we're beginning to think is that with all of these pressures on consumers today, maybe we are now seeing a legitimate shift from red meat proteins into chicken. And if that's the case, we'll be able to absorb the 2.7% slaughter pound increase and still maintain the margins and pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So I'm going to focus on Chicken as well. So just on your second half outlook being more positive than before, I'm trying to get to the bottom of that. So the way I see it from 3 months ago, supply has exceeded everyone's expectations. Grain costs are flat, and prices have been much better. So I mean, just what you said 2 seconds ago about pricing being stronger tells us that demand seems to be stronger than anyone had expected. So I'd love to get some color on it. I mean, you talked talk about a share shift, but we've been talking about that for 3 years and it sort of never has happened, where people are eating more chicken now because beef is too expensive. So I just want to get more color on it. And more importantly, what are the chances that supply outpaces the demand, right? So if every chicken company starts seeing that there's a positive trend, they're going to step on the accelerator and get supply up. I know you're not doing it because you're fine in the open market, but help me understand that because I think that's maybe what's driving your more positive view on demand.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So I'm going to touch on a couple of things. If you look at our Q1 -- pricing in Q1, now remember, we do a lot of price negotiations in the fall, November, December, that time period, that will kick in, in Jan, Feb, March, too, okay? So -- but in the fall, pricing covered the incremental grain of $100. I think grain was up $160, $170 in pricing, well, not necessarily just pricing, but price, volume and mix covered that, okay? So we would expect that -- or we do expect that to continue, particularly in our business. Now you mentioned that the production is up higher than what we thought, yes. But if you look at industry benchmarking services, 75% to 80% of the industry on a contribution basis is profitable. We wouldn't have thought that 4, 5 months ago either. So it does appear, from anecdotal evidence, that pricing is covering a lot of the input cost and that had to happen. One other thing about our business in particular, and you noted that the fact that we remain a buyer of raw material and now we're buying probably 45, 50 loads a week, something like that, of breast meat, or average that in Q1 anyway. But our value-added poultry business also grew round numbers, call it, 4%. And that category was probably down close to 3% in terms of center of the plate protein frozen and frozen meat snacks. So in Q1, we grew our value-added in an environment where it was down. We have a lot of promotional activity planned for subsequent quarters. And those are -- the combination of those things are what gives us confidence in the back half. And we mentioned before, we got some costs levers that we still have to pull and other things that will be coming to fruition, too. Our guys have done a great job in live production. So I better leave it there. I could go on and on.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So just one follow-up there. So basically, is it fair to say that Tyson -- you feel comfortable today that you achieved normalized margins in the back half, basically, no matter what the industry is going to do on supply, right? I mean, there's some limitations to supply increases. We know that. But do you feel comfortable saying that? I mean, it seems like it's a more price-specific confidence.
Donnie Smith: Yes, based on what we see today, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can we talk about Prepared Foods for a second? I'm just curious, you mentioned a couple of things in there that explained why your EBIT was down year-on-year. How long should we expect those items to continue to impair the margin there? Things like investing in the lunchmeat business, for example.
Donnie Smith: Yes, I think we mentioned on the last call, we're going to make a fairly significant investment in our Houston lunchmeat plant. And hey, while that's going to take a vast investment, the equipment that we're putting in there will take a few weeks, by the way, to actually put work to happen. And so we're in the process of building up and getting our product in place so we don't have any service issues during that shutdown. That always adds some incremental costs. So I'd say over the next quarter and a half or so, call it 4 or 5 months, it's going to impact us a little bit. But the results coming out of that will be very good for our business.
James V. Lochner: Yes, during the interim, we'll be less efficient than we want to be to maintain that service level.
Donnie Smith: And that lunchmeat piece in Prepared Foods, by the way, is the piece that is the drag on earnings.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just to follow up on lunchmeat as a category, it seems to be getting some good attention from some of the larger manufacturers out there, seems to be some more innovation coming. Can you talk about that category, what you're seeing there right now? Is it rational? Is there more innovation coming? Do you think it's going to be as good a category as perhaps some of your competitors do over the next year or 2?
Donnie Smith: For the year, let's go to 52-week ended, actually, lunchmeat category in dollar sales was down 1.9%. So what that means for us is innovation. And we're working on several items. Now I would spread that past just lunchmeat to, let's call it, processed meats because it may include dinner sausages and other type of Prepared Foods items. Particularly, in lunchmeat, we've got several different flavors of chicken lunchmeat, which are doing very well. And so I think you'll see some innovation in the lunchmeat, particularly. But in our Prepared Foods, don't just think lunchmeat, think a little more broadly to smoked meats and other processed meats. And we've got a lot of innovation that we're working on that we'll be bringing to market over the next 6 to 8 months or so in that category. So we feel good about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just -- you mentioned the higher weights that we've seen in Chicken here and maybe the seasonal effect, but we had an awfully warm winter last year and it didn't seem like there's a lot of stress. I'm just curious if you think that guys are moving back to larger weight, given the optimism in the chicken markets and what that might mean for pricing over the summer months.
Donnie Smith: I see no evidence of that, and I draw that conclusion from this stack. We, over the last year to 18 months, are typically about 20 points below the non-Tyson industry average on weight. And so we continue to be, over the last 6- to 8-week average, 21 points below the average non-Tyson weight. Now our average weight is up a little bit versus what we planned and that is a function of the good weather in Q1. But we're running hard now. We got really strong demand and we're, as we add Saturdays, we're pulling that weight down. So I would suspect -- that anecdotal evidence would tell me that industry weights are up because of weather, not for any other reason.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: All right. Just as a follow-up. You've got C test coming into the summer, presumably. Could spike here with the tightness in the grain specs. I'm just curious if you'd comment on your exposure to grain and where you are on that.
Donnie Smith: Our Q2 cost of goods is pretty much baked in. We've got probably, as we normally do, 3 to 4 weeks of coverage -- 2 to 3 weeks of coverage in corn, about the same on meal. We view that grains probably -- grain futures are probably going to trade somewhere like a 700, 750 range and you may have some temporary moves a little bit below that or a little bit above that. So as we move closer to the low end of that range, we add to our position. And then as we get up into the upper part of that range, we grind -- what we call we grind our coverage. And so we would continue to do that going into the spring. I think we're all looking for big plannings. And as we get closer to the end of March, that's probably going to have some psychological effect on the market. But from here on out, it's going to be weather.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you compare and contrast the implication of Cargill's closure to the closure of your Emporia facility?
James V. Lochner: Yes. Specifically, on all the moving parts or just -- a little bit more on the question for clarity, just for me so I know where to focus my attention.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Well, I guess, when you guys closed your facility, beef packer margins from the industry standpoint moved up probably about $60 per head within 4 to 5 months and stayed pretty positive for 2 years. So I guess, what I'm trying to figure out is why that would not be the case -- or maybe it is the case and you kind of -- I know -- I sense your sense of conservatism but, again, if you compare and contrast the environment then and now, and is there the likelihood that you can have that same situation where, look, by fourth quarter this year, you guys could be back in your normalized range? Maybe you won't be there for the full year, but maybe you'll there in the fourth quarter and going into 2014.
James V. Lochner: Yes, let me add a little bit more color to that. Now I clearly understand, I think, what your question is. When we did Emporia, there was excess slaughter capacity, and we had a plant in Emporia that really was deficit cattle. It was on the eastern end of the -- of that cattle feeding zone. And so we were inefficient at that plant predominantly from freight costs moving cattle. But what we did was we only closed the slaughter portion of that plant. And at that point in time, our other operations were fairly inefficient because they were trying to manage a very value-added mix, which was decreasing their daily efficiencies and their hourly efficiencies. So our boost to slaughter capacity wasn't just from the shift in capacity utilization and phases in that the region. It had as much to do with the fact that we were able to balance our value-added mix by moving certain products to Emporia to continue to add value to them through more trimming, boning and semi-portioning. And then our other plants, efficiency improved dramatically from both a daily efficiency and then hourly -- pounds per man hour efficiency. So we got a good boost in addition to that. But if you simply look at what's happened with this announcement, it was 4% of the fed steer and heifer slaughter daily capacity and it was 10% roughly, from my estimation, in plants in that greater region of about 300 miles zone from there. So it does a lot of good to try to adjust the excess slaughter capacity, particularly in that region. I'm just hesitant to put a number at this point in time on how much -- how favorable it will be. It will be favorable over the long run and so we're optimistic. But I wanted to give you a little bit more thought on -- there were more changes than just the pure slaughter capacity, capacity utilization that happened at Emporia because we were able to improve our operations dramatically in our other plants as we move product to Emporia for further processing. And Emporia was generally in the freight lane where that product was headed anyhow. So we have a lot of other gains from that.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my follow-up question, which happened to be in a different division, is once you're done with the reinvestment in the Prepared Foods, why would your margins not structurally be higher? And would you be thinking about increasing your "normalized range margin" for that business? If you spend this much money, why would you think that their normalized margin in 2014 would be higher?
Donnie Smith: Well, we are optimistic about our business going forward. It'll be a lot -- it will have a lot more to do with -- we're putting $30 million into 1 of 22 locations. So that, in and of itself, is not going to change the whole game for us. But if you'll remember, we've expanded capacity in our pepperoni facilities. We continue to work this segment hard because we think there's a lot of growth there. And over time, we do expect it to not only grow, but to expand. But to link all of that to what we're doing in Houston would be a little too optimistic on that change. Jim, would you add anything there?
James V. Lochner: We needed to get ourselves more efficient and more productive in that change. We expect to be fully incremental. But again, that base is so big, that's why we haven't really thought about it at this point, quantifying the total impact of the whole. And again, there's other moving parts in that Prepared Foods segment. That's a very diverse segment in our company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you just talk a little bit about the export markets for each protein, and even specifically pork? Jim, I guess, I was surprised to hear you say that exports would be down in the year. It seems like there's plenty of pork in the U.S. and you keep hearing about Europe cutting significantly, maybe on the order of 5%, and that the U.S. would kind of pick up some market share in the export markets. So can you just talk about that and maybe what needs to happen for Chicken to get leg quarters above that $0.51, $0.52 level?
James V. Lochner: Sure. Let you talk about all 3. Specifically, in Pork, there's a gap here you got to get into our fiscal year, which included Ardneral Dee's [ph] in '12. And that looks like, at least through November, was down and I think December will be down, keeping in mind that the prior year was so big. And then Jan, Feb, March of a year ago was a very, very strong export quarter for Pork. And you're right, Europe's production should be down. My other reasons to state that I don't think it will be as great as last year, I think it will still be a very big year, probably be the second-biggest year as the current issue on ractopamine in Pork into Russia that probably will spend some -- need some time to get resolved. But if very well, I could -- I've been very wrong on projecting exports before. But against just those 2 strong first -- our first half months last year, it looked to me like it would be difficult, sort of, to equal them or surpass them, but they'll still be very strong. So that, hopefully, gives you some color on Pork. Beef, we're very encouraged with the opening of Japan to 30 months and down, predominantly on that variety meat side. But also, we think that increases the demand over the bulk of the items in Beef that were going to other countries. And we expect to see some domestic disappearance and some increase in pricing as we go forward. On Chicken, we expect to see exports to continue. We expect to see continued diversification from Russia. We see some more interest across other parts of the world, potentially Egypt, potentially Africa, the Americas. We're not anticipating a major chicken shift into Mexico. So we would consider even though chicken exports were up 4% year-over-year on the best estimate against the calendar year last year, we don't really see anything negative going forward and might see a slight increase or potentially even more increase. Again, world supplies of chicken seem to be pulled back, particularly in South America and across some other countries. So it's very possible that we could see an increase in overall chicken exports.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. Jim, I appreciate that. And then just real quickly, I was surprised by the cash flow generation in the quarter despite the inventory build and the higher grain costs. If you -- could you give us a target for the year for free cash flow or cash flow from operations?
Dennis Leatherby: No, we don't really give any kind of guidance along those lines. You can certainly expect it to continue to be strong for the year. And we get back to what we always say about our priorities for excess cash, and that's to invest in growth through CapEx and acquisitions, still on acquisitions that might help us with our value-added strategy or international and then returning cash to shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jim, thinking back to ancient history, I recall how powerful some of those variety meat sales were to Japan. I mean, it seemed to me like there was a tendon that, if you sold it, it was worth $10 a head or something like that. And so the increment on just the variety meat sales was meaningful on a per-head basis. Can you just refresh my memory on how that all works?
James V. Lochner: Yes, and that's why we called out the category as a whole on variety meat because Japan, pre the closing and BSE in '03, we had very strong sales of tongues, skin tongues, leg tendons, a variety of intestine product for Japan, particularly those items were in higher demand. They were both through the -- predominantly some through the foodservice trade in Japan and some through the retail trade. But we're hopeful, particularly, that we'll see those items rebound. I think it will take a little bit of time to get those items back on the menu, back through a variety of items. Tongues, we think, will happen fairly quick. Our whole thrust during that period of time was to really try to be to the high -- get as much market share and add as much incremental value to the animal as we could. Again, try to always drive our position of being the best revenue, net cost player in the region. So I'm optimistic. And you're right, those are very good items from a contribution margin standpoint.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I mean, I've forgotten about the tongue thing, but that was like $4 a pound versus $0.40 a pound.
James V. Lochner: My memory's a little fuzzy, but I think they were -- skin tongue was north of $12 a pound at that time.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Wow. And compared to what's the alternate...
James V. Lochner: Yes, just a basic tongue would be probably -- I don't even -- I haven't checked lately so I got to guess, but I think they're under $1 a pound. But I could be wrong, I just speculate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you about your capital budget. I know in the last few years, there's been a -- a large percentage of your capital spend has been spent on sort of efficiencies and modernizations within your existing processing base. You probably reached the tail end of that so obviously you're doing some work in the 3 facilities on the value-add side. But could you just talk about what is your maintenance CapEx at this point and then sort of how you would break your CapEx budget by value-add, efficiencies and international?
Donnie Smith: That's a great question, Diane. As we came into the year with grains spiking late in August, Sept, we took our budget down to $550 million. As you know, Jim has recently met with all of our business leaders and approached them about going back into their capital lists and determining if they have projects that meet certain criteria, that being growing value-added, not just having a good marginal internal rate of return, but also driving that business unit's return on invested capital into the 20 range or above, which is what we're looking for, and asking them to relook at some projects and see if some of those might need to be accelerated. So there's the potential, as we go through the year, that our CapEx would be little higher than $550 million. Now I have the occasion to say, projects don't usually happen in the month that you approve the capital. A lot of those take 3, 6 months, that type of thing. So that may have a little more impact on our '14 CapEx spend than -- but it could have some effect on this year. But we continue to look of those things. It is -- we are laser focused on growing value-added poultry in our Prepared Foods business. We're -- international growth, we're trying to build chicken houses in China as fast as we possibly can. And if we get ahead of plan, we will absolutely put the capital in place to get those houses built more quickly than what we had planned to go on at the end of the year. And then as Dennis said, we still view a lot of potential in our business and that's one of those -- one of the levers we have in using our cash. But depending on how things go and what our free cash flow is, we'll continue to return cash to the shareholders as well. Does that help?
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Could you give me an idea about your maintenance CapEx is? And then, what are the percentages for the programs?
Dennis Leatherby: Yes, in round numbers, $225 million, $250 million, something like that would -- that would be pretty close.
James V. Lochner: Yes. That's pretty close because it ebbs and flows depending upon particularly rough projects. That would be a big mover in there and then freezer replacements. Our whole philosophy on those is we want to keep them current, but we don't want to basically pull ahead our maintenance spend. So we spend a lot of time managing capital on the planning side and balancing between the projects that require return versus those with purely maintenance. So our groups do a fantastic job of really planning their CapEx needs. So we look out all that, actually, over a 2-year period.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Jim, I just wanted to ask on the flow of cattle this year. I think last year, you benefited a little bit from a shift out of Texas into the northern plains, but we didn't see El Niño. So I'm just wondering if you expect to see a reversal of that this year at all. And maybe that's some of your hesitancy about kind of third and fourth quarter supply-demand and kind of what's going to flow through your plants.
James V. Lochner: That key number I really watch is where the cattle placements are and what's on feeds state by state. And you are seeing numbers year-over-year down in Texas and Kansas and up in Iowa and the Pacific Northwest. So we're seeing cattle feeding shift around to some degree. I don't know how much of it is weather-related as much as it is just in combination of grain basis, cattle basis and cost to gain differentials between the regions. But that seems to be the primary driver. But you're definitely seeing some shifts when you just look at the cattle and feed by state.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Gurkin.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about just overall production outlook in the protein with the numbers down 1% instead of 2%. Is there any risk that we'll have a build and supply and maybe won't realize pricing as much as expected? Is there any kind of cap on that, potential cap on the upside in pricing?
Donnie Smith: Well -- and is that the pricing across all proteins or...
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Across all proteins, yes.
Donnie Smith: I mean, I really think we've got a fairly good grasp of what the fundamentals are going to look like. I mean, we have not just pricing but also mixed opportunities and growing value-added that helps us get into categories that are less price-sensitive. I think that what we're seeing coming into the year is that with the payroll tax increase, gasoline prices doing what they're doing, the consumer is feeling these effects. But they're not eating less meat, they're eating different meat now. So Jim, do you want to add anything to that?
James V. Lochner: Yes, I would. Because if you -- I think, overall, proteins, we're not going to see a major shift up. We're still thinking they're down 1%. The mix is changing because beef will be down more. Pork will be flat -- up slightly and Chicken up slightly. But I think last quarter's perishable data is pretty insightful, particularly when you look at the price of beef being very high and then you look at the wholesale prices of beef being up with actually flat pounds relative because the carcass weights contributed so much to the pounds that were available. And then Chicken up, that 8.8% on price. We're 1.1% or so increase in pounds. That really starts to tell me that the price spreads will start -- are starting to be felt and noticed by the consumer and they're shifting their patterns. So Beef continues, which it's likely to increase and inflate in price with the decreased supply. And probably, the influence of exports will start to see the consumer probably continue to have some more interest in chicken. And hopefully, we'll see that pricing hold together. And then Pork, we don't really expect to see a major increase in supply, and that pricing elasticity seems to be right on target with the historical demand plans. So I'm actually -- I'm not overly bullish on price as the consumer will fight the increases, but the reality is that balance is happening.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: In light of relatively flat wholesale cut-out on the pork side and lean hog futures, can you perhaps walk us through why you're so confident that fresh pork margins will remain at or above your normalized range during the fiscal year? I know that just looking at the spot processing margins, there's not always a one-to-one translation, but I'm just curious of whether you're more confident that we'll see a rally in pork prices through the year or whether you're just confident that you can outsource the market from a hedging and a hog supply perspective?
James V. Lochner: Let me answer that. Hedging has no real bearing on that. But if you look at the last 4 weeks, the cut-out has climbed up. Belly prices have come up. Some of the retail have been a little bit flat, but the overall cut-outs come up. But our focus is always watching the forward supply against our sole position and trying to make sure that we focus on adding as much revenue and keeping our cost in line. So it's always that slope of change equation that we really look at, trying to make sure that we're not overselling against what we think the forward supply or under selling against what we think the forward supply, so we can try to maintain that spread as best we can. And if you look just at Q1 versus a year ago, we still had a very good quarter but we had more pressure on the cut-out and it just took a little longer for the hog cost to correct. Right now, in this quarter, that's the way it started out and now it's starting to change as we come through January and into February. So I don't know. Hopefully, I didn't confuse you, but we're very confident that we can maintain our relativity to the market and keep our focus on maximizing our revenues and keeping our cost in line. And we really try to read that forward supply as best we can so we don't get ourselves out of balance. And that helps maintain our sole positions. I'll throw more color into it without having to get real precise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just want to get a better understanding of this beef plant situation and just how it positively impacts your beef. My understanding, from what I read in the trade press, is that they're going to idle this plant and the cattle that they were processing at that plant is going to instead go to their other plants, which were running at lower utilization. So net, the demand for cattle isn't going to change. So -- and I don't believe that you have a plant that's terribly near where that plant closed, but I could be wrong about that. But so what are the dynamics that ultimately will help you out, if it's true that they're just going to shift the cattle somewhere else?
James V. Lochner: First of all, we do have a plant fairly close to that and, again, I reference when you look at just where our plants are against what their USDA reported daily slaughter capacities are and then you put the factor in of what's the practical, how far, if you move cattle. Somebody has to pay the freight bill. And so that's a lot. I just took kind of a 300-mile radius, did my own research of what I've known on the area. And so that's roughly 10% of the capacity in that 300-mile zone out in kind of the greater Panhandle, West Kansas, West Texas area. So I don't know what Cargill's intention are or aren't. I just know the reality that it costs money to move cattle, and who absorbs the freight will take the hit and the loss. So it should, in theory, improve the ability of the packer or to buy a more favorable basis for a while in that area and improve the overall capacity utilization in that region for a period of time. So those are the points that just fit the overall supply-demand. Beef packing is a very regional play because, again, the limitation and the expense of moving cattle are in a great distance. So hopefully, that helps.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. And maybe this is a follow-up. If I follow what you said correctly, you're saying they're going to be buying less cattle in that area, which will benefit you but then, presumably, they have to buy more cattle in other areas, which will...
James V. Lochner: I didn't talk what they buy; I just talked about the number in the area relative to the slaughter capacity in the area, which shifted, and then -- and again -- and the practical reality of having the cost to move cattle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Regarding beef capacity and processing capacity, do you think this Cargill move is enough to get the industry back in balance? Or do you think there's other regions in your analysis that probably could have additional capacity reductions?
James V. Lochner: I'll know a lot more this afternoon as -- when the census report comes up, particularly as we look at the calf crop, estimated calf crop from the spring in 2012. But with the decline we've been on and over slaughter capacity, I think it's probable that we'll see change going forward with some regional plants not being -- having sufficient supply and they'll have to deal with it. We can't replenish the herd quick enough. And then the other thing, I think, when you look at the Cattle on Feed report that we just saw, you saw that the heifer reduction and the numbers on feed was fairly sizable. So that we are seeing what I call a mild rebuild, but it will be several years out before we realize that. So I do think there's still a slight imbalance.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And Jim, when we're trying to do the math around what the upside of Japan coming back online is, I quantify about 500 million pounds of a difference today between what they were buying before BSE and what they are buying now. But then, you and Tim started getting at the tongues, intestines and tendons, so...
James V. Lochner: Those are the good items, yes.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I mean, should I adding up all the pounds of tongues, intestines and tendons and figuring out $12 a pound? Or should I try to think through what kind of the bigger cuts of meat that would get you to that -- back to where you were before?
James V. Lochner: Well, the answer is both, but I don't think we'll shoot tongues up to that because now in Japan, that demand has to be probably recreated to a degree. And we have to get back in and hopefully, the Japanese markets start to consume the product. I think there will be a reasonable shift back towards U.S. beef and increasing supplies. But I think it'd be very premature to try to quantify all that at this stage. Our whole approach is always to try to meet what the customers' expectations and get the innovation behind products -- providing products that they can use and just keep driving the overall revenue of beef up as best we can. So it's way early to try to start putting numbers behind those pounds and price relationships. And I think it's very difficult and not terribly meaningful to go back and look at what was pre-'03 because the dynamics into the Japanese demand structure have likely changed significantly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I have 2 follow-ups, one on Chicken. Can you talk a little bit more about this inventory build? It seems significant. It looks like a 15% increase in what's in, at least from what I could tell from your Q, year-over-year increase and it's significant on a quarterly basis. I'm just -- I don't have much insight into that, so I'm concerned that maybe that's going to hit the market and impact pricing. So that's where I'm coming from on that. So if you can give us a little bit more color and basically give me confidence that it's not going to impact pricing negatively, that will be helpful.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So yes, I'll tell you what it is and I'll what it isn't. What it is promotional volume because of capacity strengths that we have to ramp up to get in -- it's a promotional build for a retail and/or food service promotion that will come in subsequent months. What it's not is leg quarters and breast meat that we couldn't sell. Our leg quarter inventory is in great shape. We're buying breast meat. And so we're not putting stuff in the freezer hoping for a better day. Those days are long past for Tyson Foods. And -- but we had to -- we've got to ramp up for some pretty good promotional activity coming our way.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And is that value-added or commodity, the promotion?
Donnie Smith: No. That is value-added, you bet.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just for Jim. On Pork, we recently wrote a note on this, but the cut-out on a year-over-year basis, flat to down so far in the calendar year, hog prices are showing up in the futures curve. So if all packers do what you guys do well, which is balance supply and demand to manage the spread, that would imply that either the futures price is too high or the packers are not going to be able to manage that spread, right? So my guess is the futures price for hogs today is anticipating demand that's more favorable than what we're seeing currently, perhaps exports, China, that's my guess. But is that the right way to think about it? Because we all tend to do this because the futures price is available, right? But can you help me understand that? How do you look at the futures curve on hog and your sort of spread analysis?
James V. Lochner: The way we look at the futures curve, we go back and always check what the supply assumptions with pig crop report, et cetera, would imply going forward and see if they match, looking at really what the -- what that quarterly demand curve is against the total cut-out, against the domestic availability. If the supply looks like it's less and going down and if the price looks like it's right on the demand curve, obviously, your supply will drive it up. Then you have to anticipate whether or not there is a demand shift against your projected supply, what would shift it. Generally speaking, export change can have it or another dynamic. But generally, when you look at pork elasticity curves off of a cut-out as an index, there's very few times in history that you see dramatic shifts. Swine flu would have been one in '09. You would have seen some other shifts in '04, but for the most part, there's not a lot of deviations. So that how I look at it. And anticipating export shifts is the most tricky component of that because it can create a shift in domestic availability that accelerates or decelerates basis of supply that is forecast against pig crop report. It's a long answer, but that's how we look at it.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So bottom line, do you think the futures curve today for hogs is sort of overly optimistic or...
James V. Lochner: It appears to me to be so, simply because I don't see the supply deficit pulling the domestic availability back down.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Dennis, in your comments, you made an interesting point that the rolling 4-quarter number is $1.97. And I guess, my first question on this is, why reference that? And on top of that, if I go back, the rolling 4 quarters, both Beef and Chicken are not in the normalized range. So what are your implications here?
Dennis Leatherby: So remember on the last call, Ken, we talked about thinking -- or foreshadowing for '13 that we do at least $1.90 again, we made the case. So the best way we know how to illustrate that we're going to do that is to tell you what the last 12 months was. So that would be the first part of it. And you're right about Beef and Chicken being below the normalized range, and we're performing well and we're going to get better.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And I guess the last question I have is, if I look into 2014, back half of Chicken in '13 is already going to be in the normalized range. Beef seems to be potentially moving out. Which business will not be in the normalized range in 2014? It seems like all the businesses have a reasonable probability to be in the normalized range in 2014. Am I missing something?
Donnie Smith: Nope, you're right. It's time to do that and keep improving.
Operator: And we do have a question from Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just one follow-up. Jim, you mentioned Russia has ractopamine issues and we've seen some more pushback in China and the U.S. Is there any chance the industry moves away from beta agonists? And what could that mean for industry supplies?
James V. Lochner: I don't know for sure. I wish I knew. I think there's always a possibility of those things. Let's just say what happened. Obviously, the efficiency gain and the increased carcass pounds would be gone, so you'd either have a shift or a decrease in pounds of pork produced. So that would be favorable on prices. Now whether it offsets the price -- decrease offsets the loss of efficiency and how that impacts the producer will be very dependent upon the price swing accordingly and each individual producer's case on the contribution of that efficiency gain that he gets.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And on Beef, wouldn't that exacerbate the issues that we have right now and the weight gains we've seen?
James V. Lochner: Yes, same answer. And it's just how much beef supply comes off if the growth promotants from beta -- or beta agonist growth promotants went away, it would take pounds off the market.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. And as always, we're grateful for your interest in our company. We're going to cut out and head over to the shareholders' meeting now, so we hope you have a great day and a great weekend. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon Kathol, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the fourth quarter and 2012 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. Before we get to our results, I want to say that our hearts go out to everyone in the Northeast affected by Superstorm Sandy, and I'd like to thank the Tyson team members who traveled from 9 different locations, some as far away as Oklahoma, Arkansas, Virginia and Tennessee, to prepare and serve meals at our Meals That Matter feeding sites in Bayonne, New Jersey and Staten Island. Our teams have worked with local volunteers to feed more than 60,000 meals to first responders and storm victims. These team members have it in their hearts to make a difference, and I'm proud to be associated with them. As you saw in our press release this morning, we had a strong fourth quarter and another very good year. In the past 3 years, our EPS has averaged around the $2 mark on an adjusted basis. That's a new base level of performance when you look at this company's EPS over time. I'm very proud of our management team and all our team members. Thinking about what we've accomplished over the last 3 years in a sluggish economy with unfavorable market dynamics and staggering input cost increases, it really is impressive. So I'm going to take a minute and list what I see as many of the important accomplishments: We've produced consecutive record sales 3 years in a row with an 8% compounded annual growth rate. We generated $3.7 billion in operating cash flows, and this is after funding $600 million in working capital increases. We invested nearly $2 billion back in our company through CapEx. We paid down debt by $1.1 billion. We reduced net debt to cap from 34% to 18.4%. That's the lowest level since the IBP acquisition. We reduced net debt to EBITDA from 2.8x to 0.8x. We got our debt rating back to investment grade with all 3 rating agencies. We improved our liquidity position to over $2 billion at the end of fiscal '12. We bought back $400 million of our stock, or over 22 million shares. We improved production efficiencies throughout our operations and achieved $715 million in operating efficiencies in our poultry segment alone in the past 3 years and over $1 billion in total in that segment. We developed a cohesive strategy and a plan for growth around our multi-protein, multi-channel, multinational business model. We stepped up our international growth efforts, especially in China. We diversified export sales so that we aren't overly dependent on any one country or region. And as I've said earlier, and I think it bears repeating, we averaged around $2 a share in adjusted EPS over the last 3 years, and we did all this with nearly $1 billion in additional feed ingredient cost in the past 2 years. We're establishing a culture of lean thinking, operational excellence and continuous improvement. We're a better, safer, more dependable company. But while it's good to look back and remind ourselves of how far we've come, our destiny is not to become a low-cost commodity protein company. Our customers and our stakeholders need us to grow into a solution-providing food company. We've laid the foundation, and we can never forget what got us to this point. But what got us here, won't get us there. So today, we'd like to share with you where we'll be taking the company. Let's start with sales growth. Over the next 3 years, Tyson will accelerate our growth in value-added poultry and Prepared Foods and in our international business. And as a result, you should expect to see our top line sales grow between 3% and 4% annually. Our value-added sales should grow at twice that rate, or at 6% to 8%, and the sales from international production should grow at twice that rate, or 12% to 16% a year. We will grow our existing domestic businesses as our customers' go-to supplier by providing quality, service and innovation. We'll make headway into other channels like convenience stores. We'll focus on developing new value-added products. And of course, we'll grow our international business. Our intention is to grow that business aggressively. Now let's look at our earnings expectations. We're anticipating an incremental $600 million in feed ingredient cost in fiscal '13, and we'll need to offset that through pricing and other measures. I should hurry on to say that I think fiscal '13 EPS will be similar to the last couple of years. And it's encouraging to note that we're off to a great start in Q1. So how will we accomplish that? Well, for perspective, our start-up operations in Brazil and China lost a little over $100 million in FY '12. In China, as we bring on more company-owned housing in 2013, allowing us to move more of our mix away from wholesale and into more desirable channels, we will reduce our losses substantially. We're also executing better in Brazil, and we'll benefit from the progress we're making there in moving our mix to include more value-added offerings. And frankly, in FY '12, we made some missteps in parts of our domestic business that cost us too. But even with these missteps, we still had very strong results in 2012. We learned from our mistakes. We won't be making them again, which gives us a head start on 2013. We're planning to gain another $100 million in operating efficiencies in our poultry and Prepared Foods businesses this year. We also expect to earn price increases based on our quality of service and innovation. We're going to upgrade our product mix with more value-added items throughout our segments, and we're poised to make significant strides in growing our Prepared Foods businesses. Jim will add a few more details about this in his remarks. There's a lot to be excited about because we've positioned ourselves well for fiscal '13. Yes, there will be challenging fundamentals, but that's always the case in our industry. It's our job to manage them, and we think we've proven we can do that. Our team figures it out and finds a way to get it done. Therefore, we expect EPS in FY '13 to be flat to the previous 2 years, and fiscal '14 and '15 should grow at a rate of around 10%. Our cash flow will continue to be strong and, combined with our strong balance sheet, we'll have several options to deliver value to our shareholders. We'll continue repurchasing our shares, investing in our business and seeking the right acquisition to fill gaps and unmet consumer needs. That concludes my remarks. Dennis will now give you the financial update, followed by Jim, who will talk about our operating segments. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. We reported fourth quarter earnings of $0.51 per share, or $0.55 after adjusting for a $15-million impairment charge on noncore assets. This compares to $0.26 per share a year ago. Reported fiscal 2012 earnings was $1.58 per share, or $1.91 after adjusting for the fourth quarter impairment and a third quarter charge of $167 million related to the early extinguishment of our 2014 notes. The $1.91 adjusted EPS compares to $1.89 adjusted EPS in fiscal 2011. Pretax return on invested capital for the past 12 months was 17.1%. Over the past 3 years, pretax ROIC has averaged just over 19%. Capital expenditures were $160 million for the quarter, bringing the fiscal 2012 total to a record $690 million. These investments reflect numerous capital projects for both our domestic and foreign operations that result in improved productive capabilities, labor efficiencies, yields and sales mix. Our operating cash flow for fiscal 2012 was above $1 billion for a third consecutive year at $1.2 billion. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 39.9%, or 38% excluding the impairment of noncore assets, which had no tax benefit. For fiscal 2012, our effective tax rate was 37.9%, or 36.7% on an adjusted basis. Including cash of more than $1 billion, net debt was just under $1.4 billion. Total liquidity was $2 billion, well above our targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt was just over $2.4 billion, in line with the end of last quarter. As Donnie mentioned, net debt to EBITDA for the last 12 months was 0.8x. On a gross debt to EBITDA basis, this measure was 1.4x. During the fourth quarter, we acquired 3.2 million shares for $50 million under our share repurchase program. On our last call, we said that we expected to reduce share repurchases until we had better visibility into our cash needs and market conditions. Due to the strong earnings in the latter part of the fourth quarter, we were able to purchase near previous levels while continuing to maintain our leverage and liquidity targets. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter was 363 million and 370 million for fiscal 2012. This reflects the dilutive share effect of options and convertible notes of $5 million for the fourth quarter, and $7 million for fiscal 2012. Before moving on to fiscal 2013, I would also like to take a brief moment to discuss the improvements we've made to our balance sheet over the past few years. On this call, 4 years ago, we discussed the convertible notes and follow-on equity offerings that we did in September 2008 to shore up our balance sheet. Then 4 months later, in March 2009, we issued $810 million of 10.5%, 5-year, high-yield notes and converted our revolver to a secured asset-backed loan facility. Following 3 years of considerable improvements in our operating results and deleveraging, we have returned to investment grade with all 3 rating agencies. With these improved ratings, we have been able to replace the asset-backed facility with an unsecured revolver and issue $1 billion of 4.5%, 10-year, investment-grade notes to replace the high-yield notes. Additionally, we have repurchased nearly all of the 22.4 million shares we issued in 2008, and we have cash in excess of our liquidity target already on the balance sheet to retire the converts when they mature in 11 months. In summary, we have put the extensive capital raises of 2008 and 2009 behind us, and that feels great. Now looking forward, here are some thoughts on fiscal 2013. We expect revenues of approximately $35 billion, up 5% over 2012. Net interest expense should approximate $140 million, down approximately $37 million from 2012 when adjusting for the premiums paid to extinguish the high-yield notes early. The effective tax rate should be around 36%. Our preliminary CapEx plan is around $550 million, which may increase as we gain further visibility into the year ahead. The improvements that we've made over the past 3 years have provided us with a balance sheet that is a competitive advantage and a solid foundation for our strategic plan. This morning we reported our Board of Directors declared a special dividend of $0.10 per share for our Class A stock and $0.09 per share for our Class B stock. The board also increased our regular dividend by 25%. Our sustained new level of performance, combined with the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity, has given us the opportunity to increase our dividends to return cash to shareholders. Our priorities for excess cash in the coming year include additional capital spending to improve and grow our existing businesses, acquisitions to fulfill our growth strategies around value-added products in our international footprint, and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, all while ensuring we will maintain plenty of liquidity at our disposal. Accomplishing these priorities will position us well to meet our objective of at least 10% annual EPS growth beyond 2013. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim for a closer look into our operating segments.
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Dennis, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with the Prepared Foods segment, which produced $39 million in operating income in the fourth quarter and a 4.8% return on sales. For the year, Prepared Foods had $181 million in operating income and a 5.6% return on sales. Average sales price was up 1.6% on 0.9% lower volume. We are focused on growing this segment, and we recently launched several new products, including frozen handheld snack items, Tyson brand luncheon meats, chicken luncheon meat and hotdogs. We have invested in our Houston plant to improve efficiencies and increase our flexibility for lunchmeat production, which will allow us to grow that business. In addition, we're following the success of Wright Brand Bacon with Wright Brand Fully Cooked Ribs and sliced beef brisket. Wright is a premium brand, and these products are exceptional in quality and flavor. Our R&D, culinary, consumer insight, sales and marketing teams are working closely with our customer base to provide new products and category solutions. In the deli channel, Tyson continues to solidify our position as a leader in consumer and shopper research. For the second year in a row, Progressive Grocer Magazine recognized Tyson Deli as a category captain for deli-prepared foods. This is -- this award is a validation that Tyson Deli excels in the tools and knowledge that grow our customer businesses. Looking ahead in 2013 fiscal year for Prepared Foods segment, we expect our growth to include building on our position as the country's leading foodservice pepperoni producer. And earlier this year, we completed a state-of-the-art expansion of our Council Bluffs, Iowa pepperoni plant. We are also exploring growth opportunities in tortillas and ethnic foods and developing greater presence in the convenience store channel, in addition to our improvements in luncheon meat. Now turning to Pork. The segment posted $68 million in operating income and a 5.2% return on sales in the fourth quarter. Margins were squeezed early in the quarter, carrying over from the supply/demand imbalance experienced in our fiscal third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we continued to perform well against our internal index goal using the reported USDA prices for the cut-out, drop credit and regional hog cost. We have continuously improved against this index every year, and we achieved this by managing mix, yields, value-added premium programs and pricing analytics. For the fiscal year, Pork had $417 million in operating income and a 7.6% return on sales. Average sales price was down 1.5% on 2.4% higher volumes. In fiscal '13, we expect industry hog supplies to be relatively flat. We expect pork exports in 2013 to remain similar to 2012, and overall margin should be strong. Turning to our Chicken segment. In the fourth quarter, we had $116 million in operating income and a 3.8% return on sales, or a 4.3% return excluding the impairment of our noncore China assets. Excluding losses from our international start-up operations, Q4 return on sales was 5.7%. For the year, the Chicken segment produced $446 million in operating income and a 3.8% return on sales. Excluding the international start-up losses, return on sales in fiscal '12 was 5.1%. Average sales price was up 9.2% on 3.6% lower volume. I think we should be pleased with these results, considering we overcame $320 million year-over-year in additional feed cost, aided in large part by the $115 million in operating efficiencies we achieved, which was short of our $125-million target. This proves we have the pricing and operational leverage that allow us to deliver strong results in periods of high input costs. Sales volume decreases in the quarter were due to our buy-versus-grow strategy, which resulted in fewer parts we didn't have to sell at reduced prices. Growth in our international operations offset some of the domestic volume decreases in our Chicken segment. We will continue to focus on aggressive growth of value-added domestic retail and international chicken sales, and we anticipate heavy chicken features at foodservice national accounts throughout the year. We have maintained the production cuts we've put in place in 2011 and will supplement our needs with the purchases on the open market. We will be pushing for price increases for our chicken products across the board, and we expect our international start-up operations to improve substantially as we continue building company-owned chicken farms, reducing our exposure to the market birds and benefiting from strong customer acceptance in the retail and foodservice channels. Our overall outlook for the Chicken segment is positive. We believe we can adjust to the current grain forecasts with our focus on value-added, price, overall mix and operational improvements. The Beef segment produced $117 million operating income in the fourth quarter and a 3.4% return on sales. For the fiscal year, operating income was $218 million with 1.6% margin. Average sales price was up 14.4% on 11.3% lower volumes. Our Beef business has been profitable through this point in Q1. While the reported USDA cut-out and drop credit versus average cattle costs has been showing a negative margin for quite some time, we consistently outperformed this reported relationship with our focus on merchandising premium programs, primal mix and ground beef upgrades and yields. Currently, we're optimistic fiscal '13 Beef earnings should be similar to fiscal '12, with upside for more emphasis on value-added beef in the overall mix and fewer market issues like LFTB that we experienced in '12. We anticipate a reduction of fed cattle supply of 2% to 3% in fiscal '13, with the largest decline beginning in Q3. However, we expect to have adequate cattle supplies in all our plant locations. The last Cattle on Feed report showed increased placements in Iowa, Nebraska, Idaho and Washington. Also, keep in mind, there have been subtle structural changes over time in the beef complex. Carcass weights are up, requiring fewer head to produce the same number of pounds, and we focus on our selling strategy to maximize the cut-out and optimize premium programs. Our Beef business is extremely efficient. We maximize revenue through numerous value-added programs like retail case-readies, specially trimmed and portioned sub-primals and foodservice steak-cutting operations. We're able to differentiate from the commodity categories through multiple value-added offerings. To wrap up my thoughts, I'd say that we have some near-term challenges. But I'm not worried. We have demonstrated the ability to deliver results in adverse grain or supply/demand conditions, as that has become the norm for our businesses. I have confidence in our team's ability to understand these conditions, adjust their plans and stay committed to adding value to our products with customer and consumer needs in mind. All our business units clearly understand the market fundamentals and what they need to do to continue to be successful. We are all dedicated to accelerating growth, stepping up innovation of products and services, and cultivating talent to prepare for the future. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm just kind of curious. When you guys laid out your plan of 10% growth for the next 2 years and kind of 2013 numbers, can you talk about -- how much of the industry-specific fundamentals matter, particularly on the Chicken side, versus how much clarity do you have on those, 2013 to 2015?
Donnie Smith: The underlying fundamentals that would go into our plan would basically be the numbers you see USDA putting out. We look at various different analysts and then kind of average all that. So, yes, if you -- anyways -- so we just use the average of what those analysts were, and it's really, for us, Ken, about pulling the levers that we know we can pull in our business. We mentioned increased operating efficiencies, but -- growing our value-added. We are being successful in price increases. Our customers seem to understand that these higher grain prices are going to require higher prices. We continue to change the structure of a lot of our pricing agreements. Our fixed-price exposure -- annual fixed-price exposure is going to be single digits after the first of the year. So you combine those kind of things and, Ken, that's how we can be so confident about getting better in 2013.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So if the chicken production levels kind of are modestly lower, I'm assuming -- I mean, call it 0% to 1%, you don't -- you see that, that -- your ability to get to normalized numbers over a 2-year period is high or low, I guess, is kind of my question. It doesn't seem like the chicken guys are cutting, and if we stay in this higher feed environment, like, what gets you to the normal level over the next, call it, 12 to 18 months?
Donnie Smith: Yes. I mean -- well, first of all, if you look at the last couple of quarters, you've had corn in excess of $7 delivered; you've had soybean $450 plus, close to $500 delivered; and our domestic Chicken business had a 5.7% return on sales in Q4 and a 5.1% for the year. So yes. I mean, I think if you look at our 1%, 1.5% down in production, whatever the USDA number is on 2013, and our current view of grain prices, sure. We should be very comfortable, very high confidence level in our ability to deliver these results.
Operator: Our next question from Ken Goldman, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So thanks for giving the 2014 guidance, and now you get everyone asking about 2014, and I'll do the same. But I have a little bit of a different tack. I'm curious because you have a situation where corn futures are suggesting much lower corn prices for your fiscal 14. I can't see a situation where chicken production really goes up a huge amount in that time. So I'm having a very difficult time modeling your Chicken margin in a year like that, where chicken production doesn't go up and corn goes down, modeling anything below your normalized range at all. I'm getting above it. And I know everyone's numbers are different, and I'm not asking for guidance on my model, but why should we expect only 10% that year? Why shouldn't 2014 be a pretty darn good year when it comes to your Chicken margin?
Donnie Smith: It could be, Ken. For us -- hey, 2014 is a long -- pretty far out there to be talking about. But, yes, I mean, I think at least 10% ought to be in everyone's mind across all of our business. Remember, you -- we got to keep remembering we're a $33-billion multi-protein company, not a $33-billion chicken company, right? But yes, I can't argue with you.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. And then one question just on -- when I hear Tyson talking about focusing more on value-added, focusing more on international, I go back to hearing Tyson talk about this 5, 10 years ago. And obviously, there were some good things that came out of that push, but there were some not-so-good things also, right, where the company arguably took its eye off the ball in terms of efficiency in its commodity chicken, beef and pork. And I'm just curious how we as outsiders gain comfort. Obviously, you're a different company now and, Donnie, you've done a great job bringing cost efficiency back to the company. But how do we get comfort that as you start to focus on value-added in international again, that perhaps you don't take your eye off the ball elsewhere?
Donnie Smith: Ken, that's a great question, and frankly, it's one that we spend a lot of time talking about around here. I think the difference is the foundation that's been built. When we talk about our strategy of accelerate, innovate, cultivate, we always do so based on a platform of fundamental execution -- fundamental executional excellence, operating efficiencies, lean thinking, continuous improvement, that type of thing and leveraging a strong balance sheet. It's taken 3 long, hard years to get our balance sheet back in order. During those 3 years, we knew that we needed to build a strong platform of functional excellence. And we've done that. I mean -- hey, there's always room to improve, and we embrace lean thinking and continuous improvement. So we will never say we're there. But I can tell you that every person at Tyson Foods understands that we cannot ever take our eye off the ball, and we've got to keep that firm foundation in place as we now build on it new platforms, new product offerings. And the thing that gives us, it's an idea of the proper cost structure of that new platform because now, we know what good looks like. So great question. And all I could draw you to is notice the difference in the last 3 years and then layer upon that good cost structure growth in value-added, not only in poultry, but also in our Prepared Foods business. And I think we can start seeing a pretty bright future.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then one very quick one. I assume, when you talk about 2013 EPS looking similar to 2012, you're talking about a $1.91 base, not the $1.58 GAAP base, right?
Donnie Smith: Yes, yes, yes.
Operator: Our next question from Farha Aslam, Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And just kind of closer in, in terms of your Beef business, your results were surprisingly good in this quarter, and your guidance is quite strong despite the fact that you've lowered your cattle number outlook. Could you share with us maybe some things that you're doing differently in your Beef business that's allowing you to deliver very solid earnings and provide a very solid outlook despite a contracting cattle supply?
Donnie Smith: Jim?
James V. Lochner: Yes. The key is, I had in my prepared remarks, we've put a tremendous amount of effort and focus behind trying to beat the wholesale prices through added value. So it's a combination of specialty trimmed sub-primals, it's in steak cutting, it's in case-ready, it's in pricing analytics, and we spend a lot of time focused on what that forward short-term supply is so we can keep ourselves in balance. And then we also really put a tremendous amount of effort on a lot of metrics driven towards revenue-to-efficiency metrics. So the combination is just running what I'd call a very smart business, knowing that the supply has come down. Ironically, if you look over the last 5 years -- the last 5-year average, by the way, is almost like 1.8%. There's only been 1 year it's been up in 5 years. So that 2% to 3% is about what we've been experiencing the last 5 years. So it's a tremendous amount of detail on a whole bunch of issues and continuing to have that value-added above the wholesale market prices.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then, Donnie, when you think about your CapEx investments versus acquisitions, what kind of ROIC are you using on CapEx versus acquisitions? And where do you see the most attractive acquisition strategies? And what size of acquisitions are in your target range now?
Donnie Smith: Okay. So we have a very similar outlook for CapEx as acquisitions, because we kind of look at our capital the same way in both. Typically, and it depends on the project, Farha, internally, we're going to have a couple of hundred, 250 or so that's going to be in basic M&R [ph]. And so above that, in order to keep our capital in line -- once you factor in your weighted average cost of capital, we need to be in that 20% to 25% range on income-producing or cost-savings CapEx. Let me give you a quick example. Down in Houston, we've got a couple of important customers that depend on us in that -- out of that plant for our lunchmeat business. So we're putting about $30 million into that plant now to increase our cooking and slicing technology in order to take care of that business. So that project has a very good return on capital. But then on the acquisition side, I'd tell you that our sweet spot is -- probably, today, in an acquisition that would be $50 million or less. It would be somebody that makes great food in maybe a regional area that we can capitalize on our strengths as we build that business out. Now that's not to say that an acquisition sub-$500 million, $200 plus, whatever, might not be in the mix. But the sweet spot for us right now would probably be in that $50-million range. Does that help?
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes. So you're not looking for kind of larger, kind of transformational, kind of maybe -- let me take a look -- 2 to like -- more like $4 billion to $5 billion-type transactions, those kind of larger, big moves?
Donnie Smith: No.
Operator: Our next question from Heather Jones, BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Is it a fair assumption that your fiscal '14 and '15 commentary assumes, for at least fiscal '14, another challenging year in Beef given that you're expecting the tight supplies to become more pronounced in Q3 of '13?
James V. Lochner: We think that we can continue to navigate through the margins. We do expect the supply -- the calf crop projection for '12 continues to tell us that we'll continue to see that supply reduction. And again, as I answered earlier, that's the continued emphasis on trying to add value across the board, and we did drop our market share. We really worked hard at adding the value and working on overall gross margin. I can't project what will happen across the board in the industry, but our plants do sit where the better feedlots appear to be. And we've seen the last Cattle on Feed flow back kind of into that Nebraska, Iowa region.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: But when I'm looking at '14, and you all are talking about 10% growth, I guess, first of all, Donnie said previously, it does seem like Chicken should be better. You're cutting interest expense and your international business is improving. So you're not assuming any meaningful improvement in Beef in '14 versus '13 to get to that 10% growth.
James V. Lochner: That's right. Correct.
Donnie Smith: Correct. Yes.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And on Chicken, you all talk about your national breadth, your value-added offering, your customer service. Just wondering, though, if you could give us some sector specifics. Because if you listen to the commentary out there from some large end users, but there's also some commentary from some competitors, it's been fairly subdued on the amount of pricing that people have been able to get on fixed contracts, it seems like, whereas you all sound fairly confident. So was wondering if you could give us some more specifics as to why you're confident and why you may have fared better than others in securing price increases.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Good question. So a couple of things. We think we have 3 things to leverage: raw materials; resources; and very importantly, relationships. Over the last 3 years, we've rebuilt a lot of customer relationships that were suffering. And frankly, we've done that by providing the kind of quality, service and the innovative capability that our customers need to grow their business. One thing, too, that we've not done is we've not cut our R&D expense. So we've been working on new packaging, new cooking technologies, new ingredient technologies. And these kind of things, as our customers see them, they see us as a supply partner that they definitely need to keep in the mix. And based on the fact we're not giving them any excuses not to do business with us, we like the fact that we're getting the kind of price that we need commensurate to the value that we're adding to their business. In terms of new platforms, as we move forward, we'll be adding products in our Better For You line. Some of those may be using whole grain breading, gluten-free type products. I think you'll also see us making some strides in ethnic -- in our ethnic offerings in Mexican food, in Asian. Jim mentioned in his call or in his script our handheld category, and we're adding some innovation into our handheld category. So several different lines of products that we'll be introducing this year or upgrading our product mix or adding some incremental innovation to -- that will continue to drive value. And our focus is on adding value to our customers' business. And as we do that, they pay us for the value we add. So we stay focused on that. So I think those are a few of the reasons that might give us some confidence in our ability to cover that incremental cost of, say, round numbers, $600 million that's coming at us this year.
Operator: Our next question from Ryan Oksenhendler, Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess just a follow-up on -- to Heather's question. It seems like protein per capita consumption has been declining in the U.S. over the last several years. So in order to grow your value-added business, it seems like you'd have to take some market share. So I guess, what gives you the confidence that you can do that and continue to take the pricing? And it seems like over the last few decades, that every time you've seen the incremental margins in this industry, you've always been priced away by competitors. And what gives you the -- so what give you the confidence that over the next few years your value-added business, you won't see that margin erosion from competitors taking pricing?
Donnie Smith: Sure. It comes down to the customers' choice, and customers typically choose those who can bring the type of innovation into their business that they need in order to grow their business. So like I mentioned before, we've not cut our R&D expense. As a matter of fact, we've added to it a little bit. We've added to the ranks of our marketing teams. And so we're in front of customers, helping them with solutions that will grow their business. And so when there's a choice of who to use as your supply partner, as long as you don't have quality and service issues, most will choose that innovative partner that can help them grow their business. That seems to be the case with us. Also, let's not minimize the value of our buy-versus-grow strategy. Because in a pricing discussion, we're not selling any excess on the market today. And frankly, there's been a few opportunities toward an RFP, although we would have liked to have continued to be that customer's supply partner, we've walked out of the RFP just because the pricing got too cheap. And as long as you're buying your raw material, in our case, primarily breast meat, although not exclusively breast meat -- as long as you're buying that raw material and you're not excess product, then you're able to hold on to your price stream. So I think the value of our buy-versus-grow strategy also allows us to be more effective in a pricing discussion.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And could you just -- a quick follow-up then. Can you give us an idea of how much of your business is currently value-added versus commodity and what the difference in margins are -- look like?
Donnie Smith: Yes. So what we've done, in Donnie King's business, primarily, our poultry and Prepared Foods business, we've actually -- as we look at our segments, we have some business units inside those segments. And we've kind of called certain business units commodity business units because a lot of their mix is commodity. Not all, but a lot. And then other business units are in the more value-added category. And I'd say, today, in Donnie King's business, and that's probably around a $15-billion business or so, your 60 -- low 60s percent is the value-added piece of that. Now our task over time is to have more and more of the sales in his business as being value-added. Now let me hasten on to say that we also have value-added categories in Beef and Pork as well, and then our international business will continue to grow. And as we get those -- more and more company-owned birds and away from these wholesale markets that we're so dependent on today, our margins will improve substantially in our international business, too. So when you put all that together, Ryan, I think that's how you get to that, call it, 3.5% growth for the total, is that you're really growing your value-added segments and your international segment a lot faster.
Operator: Our next question from Tim Ramey, D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Donnie, I was interested in the comment where you talked about the spread between your domestic margin and your consolidated poultry margin. If I did the math right, and that's always suspect, it looks like you might have lost somewhere in the range of $40 million in the quarter and maybe $120 million plus for the year, and they're in the start-up operations in China and Brazil. Is that -- am I getting to that correctly?
Donnie Smith: Directionally, you're right. It was about $105 million for the year, and about $15 million of that was the write-off that we mentioned. So call it right at $90 million on an operating basis, end of the year.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So that's bullish from the standpoint of "Hopefully, we can minimize those losses over time." Do you have a sense of how that looks in fiscal '13? And also, I assume that would be bullish for your tax rate over time as you perhaps get to utilize some of those losses down the road. Can you comment on that?
Donnie Smith: Yes. Tim, you're dead on. Our current plan calls for us to reduce those losses by 80% in FY '13 and then for the business to continue at that growth rate and be positive in '14 and beyond. As we look at our international business, about 25% of the chicken that's going to market today is out of company-owned housing. And so the product offering we have and the price spread between that product offering and the wholesale offering, which our wholesale offering is based on market birds, that spread is at or above what our pro forma was when we began our international approach. So the bottom line is we just can't get there fast enough, and it's all about getting chicken houses built. We've got a great quality offering. The food safety is there that we're looking for. So all the pieces are in place; it really is just a matter of getting as much of that production into company-owned housing as we can, as fast as we can. So take 80% of that $90 million this year and add that, and then keep that growth rate going into '14 and '15. And you'll -- the math you'll probably see out there that you might question is, "Wait a minute. That kind of looks like you're in maybe low double-digit earnings in your poultry business in China," and that's right. We don't -- Brazil is a little bit more mature and frankly, we've got more work to do to get into more of a value-added mix in Brazil. But we have added a new sales leader in our Brazilian poultry business, and we continue to back them up with great R&D resources there and out of the U.S. So we feel comfortable we're going to get there, but our margin expectations would be a little better in -- well, would be better in China than in Brazil.
Dennis Leatherby: Tim, on your tax rate question, you're right. Our effective tax rate will go down over time because of the jurisdictions that we're in, and the foreign markets have substantially lower tax rates. So that would favorably affect our overall effective tax rate.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Great. And -- I mean, that all is terrific, and I can see that making positive momentum in '13, but -- I mean, it is a big step function from $330 million to $600 million of incremental costs. Can you break down kind of how you see that flowing through the P&L, in terms of you would recover x% of that through pricing and x% through cost reductions and x% through mix? Or -- is there a way to kind of help us think about how you could recover some or all of that?
Donnie Smith: Yes, sure. Let me give you an idea of the categories first. And so number one, we mentioned another incremental $100 million in poultry and Prepared Foods operational improvements. We got -- was it $113 million or $115 million this year, guys?
Dennis Leatherby: $115 million.
Donnie Smith: $115 million this year, which was short of our $125-million target. But our team worked hard, and so we see another $100 million coming there. The international improvements, that's going to be, what, $70 million, $80 million, something like that. That's a big number. Hey, reduced interest expense is going to help on the EPS basis. We are getting price and mix improvements. We've got a lunchmeat that we will be fixing this year, and I mentioned a little earlier in the call some CapEx going into an important part of that business. We will probably see, we think, less market disruption issues this year, for example. I don't have in the plan another LFTB issue, and that cost us some money. And also, we probably could have done a better job in Q1 and the very, very early stages of Q2 last year on our managing of the choice select spread. I mentioned some other missteps in our domestic business, frankly, in Q1 and Q2. We left quite a bit of money on the table in our wing business, followed by, by the way, an encore presentation in Q3 with messing up on our buy-versus-grow and being a little too dependent on the outside markets, which got us above the law of diminishing returns on our breast meat trim. And that cost us quite a bit of money. So -- and then again, coming to the new market -- coming to the market with these new platforms. So there are quite a few levers to pull there, Tim. And you add all that up and we bridge the gap. So that's how we're seeing the year.
Operator: Our next question from Akshay Jagdale, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So starting with Chicken, just wanted to focus on the short term first. So can you give us your latest thoughts on what your view is on production levels and the industry's ability to pass on higher feed costs?
Donnie Smith: So for our planned years, we have like a 1%, 1.5% decrease in production. Whatever the USDA's showing, that's what we're using. Now on our ability to be able to pass along that increased cost, our buy-versus-grow strategy really does reduce our exposure to the volatility in the commodity pricing, the commodity pieces of this business. So when you take that and you combine that with our mix changes and our ability to take price increases, I don't -- we're not going to be dependent on the market necessarily for our future. It really is about reducing our exposure to the commodity side with our buy-versus-grow strategy and improving our value-added mix.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if I was to -- I'm interpreting your commentary on fiscal '13 as being previously, you just said you were going to be profitable. Now you're saying profitable, but could be below normalized range. So I'm viewing that as previously, you were saying 0% to 1%, and now you're saying maybe 0% to 7%. I don't -- is that the right way to think about it?
Donnie Smith: Yes, yes, yes. You're thinking about it right. Absolutely.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just longer term -- again, I appreciate all the color. So first of all, when you talked about a new base, is the right way to think about it, as Tyson's going to earn $1.90 despite any challenges thrown their way? So is that sort of a bottom EPS number? Because you did have some significant challenges that you dealt with in the last 2 years: higher grain cost, LFTB. I mean, I could go on and on. So is that a better way to think about it? Is that sort of a baseline that you feel comfortable you can do in any environment?
Donnie Smith: Yes.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then in terms of growth, you talked about 2 major levers on your top line. And I'm just looking at 10% growth off of whatever EBIT you had this year, and it's $120 million-ish, I think, for fiscal '14. I could get that number just out of your China business, and so it seems like the growth that you're modeling is going to come, even if the rest of your business, other than international and value-added, doesn't grow at all. Is that sort of a good way to think about it as well?
Donnie Smith: Yes. There's always a few things that happen that are unexpected in any given year. And as I said here today, it's hard to tell what unexpected things are going to hit us in '14. But we feel comfortable that with the foundation we've laid and the balance sheet we've got and the team we have in place, that we're going to be able to not just overcome the hills and the challenges that come, but also be able to grow our business and grow our EPS with all the levers we have to pull, and with the innovation that we can bring to the market. So yes, I think you're thinking about it right.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just on China, I think, previously -- I may be wrong, but previously, you had said China should be within sort of a normal range of earnings by fiscal '14. Is that now pushed back to '15, if I'm reading it correctly? Or still...
Donnie Smith: Yes, we meant -- I'm sorry, we meant by the end '14, which you would see fully in the '15 year. Now, Akshay, that is dependent on us staying on track with our current housing plan, but I see no reason to believe we won't do that. So yes.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one last one. So why did you -- again, I appreciate you giving us this guidance, but I'm just trying to get into your head here. Why did you feel there was a need to make these positive sort of long-term comments now? Like, why now? And what's the biggest risk to Tyson sort of not being able to grow from here on, from an earnings perspective, in your opinion?
Donnie Smith: Okay. Good question. So number one is we felt like -- that we needed to build some credibility. Because as we go out and talk to investors, '08 and '09 continues to come up. Well, I think 3 years of solid results in the face of, gosh, in the last 2 years, $1 billion of incremental grain cost and all of the things that we mentioned on our list in the script prove that we have laid a solid foundation. But it's not about just having a solid foundation; it's about building a house, right? And so the way -- what we got to do is we've got to accelerate our growth, and we've talked about doing that in value-added, we've talked about doing that in the Prepared Foods segment and in our international. And a big component of that is having the right innovative capability, not just in new products, but also in processes and analytics and packaging and ingredients and those kinds of things. We have those resources, and now it's time to put them to use. So we think we have the credibility because we've built a 3-year foundation, and part of our culture says we're going to do what we say we're going to do. Well, you got to say you're going to do something in order to do what you say you're going to do. So now we've said what we're going to do and, over the next 3 years in this horizon, then we'll do what we say we're going to do. So that's really what it's been about, Akshay.
Operator: Our next question from Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Jim, you mentioned that we're going to see these tighter beef supplies over the next year. That doesn't come as a huge shock, I don't think, to anyone. But where we're -- we seem to be hitting a bit of a wall is on prices, both here in the U.S. and in export markets, from a demand perspective. Seems to be some pushback by consumers, and I'm wondering -- as it relates to your strategy as you sell into the market, you have a strong premium program here in the U.S., for example, and now you've got the expanded access to Japan coming. It seems like -- can you talk about how you think about recouping some of that pricing with cattle costs moving higher in the next year?
James V. Lochner: Well, first of all, generally, if you look back in history, cattle cost and revenue are very highly related. So as the cut-out and drop credit moves up and down, the cattle cost over time will get fairly correlated back to that. So I always remind people that we make money in a spread business like beef packing and the slope could change. And then on top of that -- and that USDA reported cut-out is the strongest relationship; thus, our whole thrust to always try to beat that relationship through value-added pricing, timing, et cetera. I don't know that the price -- we've heard repeated years that we're going to hit the ceiling, and we seem to break through it into higher overall cut-out every year, which simply says to me that even though we've had some demand destruction, what we're seeing is that the supply reduction really is at a slightly faster rate than the demand destruction because we keep moving to higher prices. At what point that hits a true ceiling, I don't know. My theory is simply that people who want to buy beef, buy beef, and the price point isn't the major deterrent. And ground beef is a staple, and ground beef pricing has continued to go up year-over-year. So the short answer is, I don't know that we're going to see a true price ceiling, and our job is to navigate through that in the spread business.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Is -- expanded access to Japan and better export pricing, is that in your outlook for '13?
James V. Lochner: Actually, we do think that, that will be supportive to pricing, but it's not necessarily built into our -- in how we look at fiscal '13's operating income. Just like cost access, we don't really look at that as anything other than it affects the slope of the change, so...
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Any impact from plant closures anticipated over the next year?
James V. Lochner: No, other than we continue to see and we continue to operate our plants at fewer hours. So we're just focused on really what our immediate supply base is, and we try to make sure that we plan our work according to what that forward supply looks like it's going to be out in the 4- to 8-week zone.
Operator: Our next question from Diane Geissler, CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the open-market purchases of product and what you think that provided in terms of earnings this year. And then to the extent that you're looking at next year being total industry production flat to down slightly, what you think the availability will be next year on the open market. And then also, kind of part 2 of that question, is you cited in your release that there were incremental grow-out operating costs of $50 million for the full year. I just wanted to know what those were. And also, what's the outlook on -- are you just going to see those reverse? Or is that higher labor or higher energy? Or what really that encompassed?
Donnie Smith: Okay. I think I got it. So first of all, on the outside purchases, we were running around 60 loads a week or so, give or take 5, something like that. It's hard to say what the true dollar value of that is other than this: we don't have excess to sell, which always sells a whole -- well, frankly, it sells at what we buy this outside meat for, and I'd a lot rather be buying it because we're buying below cost and selling it. And then number two is you get incremental price courage because you've already adjusted your cost -- plant cost footprint to a couple of complexes of breast meat below where you are, and by the way, we have a good cost structure even though we run it at below -- well below plated capacity. So that's how we look at the outside purchases. As far as going forward, I see no reason to believe that the meat won't be out there. And again, it's a buy-versus-grow strategy. If meat starts drying up and we need more, we can adjust. But I see no reason to believe that the amount of meat that we'll be looking for on the outside market won't still be there. As to the other costs in our grow-out cost, it's primarily 2 things: grower cost, which went up; and our chick cost, which went up. Now I'll hasten on to say there were fairly good improvements in a lot of the other costs like feed conversion and our -- some of the other aspects of our live production. Our live production team in poultry has done a fabulous job, but those 2 cost factors did go up. So I hope that helps.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, terrific. And then I wanted to ask one question on the balance sheet. To the extent that -- I think you're fairly well termed out in kind of where you want to be, so I know you've got incremental working capital needs this year, but to the extent that you're sort of done with the debt paydown, what is your priority in terms of cash usage? Is it -- I know you increased your dividend and you have a special dividend and you bought in shares, but can you just prioritize?
Dennis Leatherby: Sure. It's Dennis. As always, it's growth focused, so that's going to be for CapEx around our existing businesses. And then it's going to be acquisitions, potentially around value-added and international. And then it would be around returning cash to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks and dividends.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what's left on your share authorization?
Dennis Leatherby: Over 30 million shares.
Operator: Our next question from Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the definition of value-added. As you extend more and more into it or grow value-added more, I think that there is a risk that you get distracted from your core mission of being a low-cost or a very efficient commodity processor. Can you give us a bit more clarity on how much of that value-added is what I would describe as like consumer packaged goods-type of product? You mentioned lunchmeat and hotdogs and even frozen handheld items. Can you give us a sense of like, what are the sales of those types of items that are maybe -- that maybe require a different skill set, like a consumer marketing skill set versus the rest of value add that might be more of a -- more commoditized?
Donnie Smith: Sure. In poultry, you need to be thinking of further processed; value-added; cooked, whether it's breaded or not; or fire fried, whether it's breaded or not, type items. In the other Prepared Foods segment, certainly, our lunchmeat offerings, pizza toppings, soup, sausage and side dishes, items that either have -- contain bread or are in a tortilla. For example, we're the nation's second-largest tortilla manufacturer. So those type of items. Sandwich meats -- movement in all of those type areas and be thinking, too, of meat as an ingredient, not necessarily just a meat item. So it's really a lot more around a packaged food-type offering. And let me hasten on to say we have added complement in our marketing ranks, in our poultry and Prepared Foods businesses, and we've got a great talented group that understands the value they need to add and how they need to position it in the marketplace under multiple brands. We do have the Tyson brand, Jim mentioned the Wright brand in his script, and we have several other brands that we use in our value-added offering. So, Jim, you want to add anything to that?
James V. Lochner: Yes. The only thing I'd add is we're very attentive to not losing focus on the basics, and we really preach very hard about the 40-60 rule. You got to be looking forward, but you can't spend all your time looking forward and not take care of your basics. But on the contrary, you can't spend all your time in your basics and not look forward. So we call it the management balance rule, which is the 40-60 rule, because I think your point is well taken, and we certainly have read enough history and know our own history that you can never lose sight of that basic balance. And so we will keep our focus on the basics. Don't -- you can be assured of that.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Donnie, can you help me understand, like with Hormel and Oscar and Hillshire all kind of slugging it out in sandwich meats and hotdogs, what's the role of the Tyson brand for the retailer? Like what gap is that filling in the merchandising set?
Donnie Smith: Yes. We typically, in the Tyson brand, have a mid-tier offering. By the way, 5, 6 lines of chicken lunchmeat, which are doing very well where they're offered today, and then we complement that of course with other traditional lunchmeat items. So a mid-tier offering typically on the Tyson brand. And we're also a large private label lunchmeat supplier. So as you hear a bit about the share battle between the brands and private label, we pack a lot of private label lunchmeat.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add to that is the raw material inflation we've seen over time has been our opportunity to diversify that portfolio with chicken as a base material and to add more value to our raw materials.
Operator: Our final question from Tim Tiberio, Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: If I could go back to the comments around acquisitions, are you currently seeing more attractive opportunities in the international versus domestic markets? And then my second question, going back to your comments on the value-added growth in the international markets, do you think that you will need to make more acquisitions, especially on the distribution side, to really make a real dent in those markets over the next few years?
Donnie Smith: Tim, those are great questions. But I tell you, I'm a little uncomfortable talking very much about the opportunities. We -- I can tell you this. We do have a bit of activity in both international and domestic markets. But as far as getting very specific about those, I just don't feel comfortable commenting about that. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and I hope everybody has a very happy Thanksgiving. We'll see you later.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Gregory A. Van Winkle - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Colin Guheen - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Tyson Quarterly Investor Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Jon Kathol, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the third quarter of our 2012 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Earnings for our fiscal third quarter were $0.21 a share, compared to $0.51 in Q3 of last year. Now keep in mind, earnings were impacted by $167 million or $0.29 a share for the early extinguishment of the 2014 notes. Adjusted EPS was $0.50 for the quarter. I'm very pleased we were able to pay off that debt early, which strengthened an already strong balance sheet, lowered our interest expense in upcoming quarters and helped us get back to investment grade with all 3 rating agencies. This was an important milestone for our team, and I'm proud of them for accomplishing this goal. Sales rose slightly to $8.3 billion, compared to $8.2 billion in Q3 of '11. For the quarter, Chicken sales were up 3.6%, in large part due to an 8% increase in pricing. Even though Beef pricing was up over 15% versus a year ago, sales dollars were down slightly due to a 14% decrease in volume. Both Pork and Prepared Foods sales were down by about 4.5% to 5%, driven largely by softer pricing, although let me hasten on to add that year-to-date, our pricing is higher in all segments, driving sales growth of 4.4% across the entire portfolio. Operating income for the quarter was $336 million compared to $312 million in the same quarter last year.  The Prepared Foods segment was above its normalized range, with a 6.2% operating margin. The Chicken segment was within its range at 5.3%. Our international Chicken operations faced significant headwinds in Q3, including start-up issues in China and Brazil. Excluding these start-up-related losses, our Chicken segment had a 6.7% return on sales. The Pork segment came in just below its range for the first time in 10 quarters, with a 5.1% return on sales. Beef was just under its range, with a 2% return. Considering the challenges Beef and Pork faced in the third quarter, I'm pleased they were able to produce as well as they did. And due to those challenges, along with softer demand and economic conditions, earnings for the year will come in lower than we'd previously projected. But I'll hurry on to say that 2012 will still be a strong year and fourth quarter earnings should be within the range of results reported in the first 3 quarters. That's why we have this strategy in the business model we have: to manage through volatility. We have a few businesses that are having record years, and all of our businesses have plans in place to deal with the headwinds that we know are coming. Looking into 2013, we believe it's prudent to enter the year with plans to pull back some on our CapEx and be a little conservative with our cash in order to keep a good supply of dry powder. That's not to say we won't buy back stock or we won't make an opportunistic acquisition. We just want to be prudent in how we handle our cash. We worked hard to get our balance sheet back in order and to get back to investment-grade ratings, and we don't want to jeopardize that. Our pledge to grow prepared foods, value-added poultry and international are the best hedge against volatility. Providing value and getting paid for the value we create for our customers by being their go-to supplier is the key to stability and long-term growth. Now moving on to the macro environment. After 4 months of moderate decline, consumer confidence was up in July, according to the Conference Board Consumer Research Center. Unemployment, however, was virtually unchanged, which weighs on the pace of economic recovery. In the retail channel, according to the Perishable Group, for the 13-week period ended June 30, overall fresh sales -- overall sales of fresh meat were down 3.3% in volume versus the same period a year ago, driven by a 0.6% increase in price. Beef and pork volume were down 7% and 1.7%, respectively. Chicken was the only category that saw pounds sold increase versus a year ago, but the increase was very slight at 0.2% and demand feels sluggish to us. The USDA forecast food prices will continue to rise in 2013, led by meat, eggs and dairy, as a result of the drought. Beef prices are expected to be up 4% to 5%; pork, up 2.5% to 3.5%; and poultry, up 3% to 4%. In the foodservice channel, Technomic revised its 2012-2013 forecast upward to 1.7% real annual growth, up 1.1% from its previous forecast. The National Restaurant Association's Performance Index was stable for June. And while we still feel sluggish demand in foodservice and the outlook is far from robust, these indexes might indicate that perhaps the worst is over. The NPD Group's consensus of commercial restaurant locations finds that numbers of both independent and chain restaurants have risen, with independents finally showing a slight increase for the first time since 2009, another hopeful sign. There are specific high-growth opportunities in an overall low-growth market. According to Mantell, chicken-focused concepts have done well through the post-recession economy. And despite the heavy presence of discounting, many chains have been focusing on premium menu items like bacon and steak and will most likely continue to do so. Premium meats on burgers, chicken sandwiches and salads, and other items are helping operators increase menu prices with an enhanced value perception. That concludes my remarks, and now Jim will give you the specifics around our segments, followed by Dennis with the financial report. And after that, we'll try to get into more detail with your questions.
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. With $47 million in operating income and a 6.2% return on sales in the fiscal third quarter, the Prepared Foods segment performed above its normalized operating range of 4% to 6%. I'm pleased with the continued improvement, and I see real opportunity for this segment. Prepared Foods is a key part of our company's overall growth strategy, and we are actively seeking ways to expand this business into other categories and grow existing categories in 2013 and beyond. The Chicken segment posted $153 million in operating income and a 5.3% return on sales for the quarter, which is within the normalized range of 5% to 7%. We were able to offset the slightly higher grain cost in the quarter through price and mix improvement. In China, our Chicken operations were negatively impacted by start-up challenges, compounded by economic and market issues. While we were pleased with the performance of our new company-owned farms, at this point, they represent less than 20% of the birds we process weekly. We are building new biosecurity-controlled broiler farms and plan to phase out the use of uncontrolled market birds over the next 2 years. This will allow us to value up into a premium mix of branded, fresh retail trade packs and foodservice sales. But in the interim, we will have some dependency on market birds and wholesale market conditions. In addition to normal start-up issues, our Brazilian Chicken operations saw significant market deterioration in the fiscal third quarter, stemming from a very soft market for boneless leg meat in Japan. We're in the process of bringing out second shifts at 2 of our plants, which should improve our cost structure. We will continue increasing value-added capabilities to move beyond dependency on commodity export and domestic wholesale markets. To help you understand our expectations for the level and pace of our international expansion, I'll give you the numbers around our plans for growth over the next 2 years. In China, we currently produce about 2 million birds per week and plan to reach 3 million a week in 2014. In Brazil, we're at a 1.3 million birds, with plans for 2 million. In India, we'll grow from 280,000 to 450,000. And in Mexico, we intend to maintain production at around 2.7 million birds per week. Turning back to domestic chicken, obviously, because of the drought, we expect grain cost -- higher grain cost in 2013. Over the past couple of years, we have substantially reduced the number of fixed-price contracts we have with customers and currently have less than 15% of our poultry volume in annual fixed-price contracts. The vast majority of our contracts are tied to specific markets or allow for conversations above adjusting prices to move prices to offset higher inputs. And we will continue to push for even more of these types of contracts. I believe the supply will begin to rationalize as well, making it easier for us to have those pricing conversations. The capital investments and operational improvements we've made in recent years have put us in good position to handle higher inputs through efficiencies. Based on current grain futures, we believe our Chicken segment will remain profitable in 2013. In our Pork segment, we produced $69 million in operating income and a 5.1% return on sales, which is below the normalized range of 6% to 8%. Unfortunately, supply and demand got out of balance, but it wasn't due to a shortage of hogs, as some may think. Increased domestic availability partially due to heavier hogs, along with pricing pressure, caused the industry to get out of balance. In fact, our [ph] margins were compressed more than prior quarters. Our Pork margins are starting to come back to normalized levels now. Supply of hogs should be 1% to 2% higher in the first 3 quarters of fiscal '13, and we do not see any material demand shifts on the horizon that would be detrimental to our Pork segment's performance next fiscal year. Moving on to the Beef segment, we had $71 million in operating income and a 2% return on sales in the third quarter. This was just below our normalized range of 2.5% to 4.5%. Considering how difficult the month of April was for us, I'm pleased we were able to make up so much ground in May and June. And I'll go on to add that we focused on maximizing revenue through price and mix to enhance margins, not market share. Looking to cattle supply into 2012, the calf crop was down, as expected, which will impact the late calendar 2013 and calendar 2014 fed beef supplies. Based on the last inventory report, we currently aren't seeing any definitive signs of heifer retention. Additionally, more feeder cattle were imported into the country than anticipated in the past 6 months to partially offset last year's reduced calf crop. We expect close to the same supplies for the rest of fiscal '12 and into the first half of fiscal 2013 that we experienced this year. Similar to last year, feeder cattle are coming into feedlots earlier as a reaction to the drought. We do see a supply drop-off in the back half of '13 as a result of the lower 2012 calf crop, and slaughter capacity will likely adjust to lower volumes. I will remind you that Tyson beef plants are located in traditionally cost-effective cattle-feeding areas, and we expect to have adequate supplies to run our plants at a profitable level. We believe the Beef segment will remain profitable in fiscal 2013 but will have challenges similar to what we experienced in 2012. In conclusion, I'll say that we are proud of the operational and sales improvements our business units have delivered over the last couple of years. This has positioned us well to deal with the increased feed cost in the Chicken segment. We have a strong balance sheet, a diversified protein product portfolio, and we've been investing in our plants to make them extremely efficient with mix improvements. So we're in very good shape to get through the near-term challenges ahead. With that, Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie mentioned in his remarks, we reported Q3 earnings of $0.21 per share, or $0.50 per share after adjusting for a charge of $167 million, or $0.29 per share, related to the extinguishment of our 2014 notes, which I will address in a moment. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months was 14.7%. Capital expenditures were $186 million for the quarter and totaled $530 million through 3 quarters of fiscal 2012. We've continued to invest in numerous capital projects for both our domestic and foreign operations that will result in improved productive capabilities and drive labor efficiencies, improve yields and sales mix. Our operating cash flow through the 3 quarters of fiscal 2012 remains strong at $719 million. Including cash of more than $800 million, net debt was $1.6 billion. Total liquidity was $1.8 billion, well above our targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt increased to $2.5 billion. The increase in gross debt was due to a successful 4.5% $1-billion note offering, which we then used the note proceeds to extinguish our 10.5% 2014 notes. We were able to tender and purchase $790 million of the $810 million principal on the 2014 notes prior to June 30. Subsequent to the settlement of the tender offer, we called for redemption of the remaining $20 million, and we can now say the high-yield 2014 notes are fully extinguished. As a result, we incurred a charge of $167 million during the third quarter related to this early extinguishment. Going forward, this refinancing will reduce our annualized interest expense approximately $55 million, which equates to about $0.09 per share. At the same time as we issued the new bonds, we also received an upgrade from Moody's, which means we are now back to investment grade with all 3 rating agencies. Personally, it feels really good to have a debt maturity profile and interest costs that are reflective of being an investment-grade company again. Gross debt to EBITDA for the last 12 months was 1.6x. On a net debt to EBITDA basis, this measure was 1x. During the third quarter, we acquired 3.9 million shares for $75 million under our share repurchase program. Since reactivating this program in 2011, we have repurchased 19 million shares for $350 million, representing a reduction of about 5% of our outstanding shares. At this time, we believe it is prudent for us to reduce our share repurchases under this program until we get better visibility into our working capital needs. Returning to investment grade was very important to us, and we are going to be disciplined concerning our balance sheet, which we believe to be a source of competitive advantage. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the third quarter was 369 million. This reflects the dilutive share effect totaling 5 million for options and 3 million for convertible bonds, which will fluctuate depending on our stock price performance. Our effective tax rate for Q3 was 42.4% or 37.9% without the charge related to the early extinguishment of the 2014 notes. Now here's an update on the outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2012 and a few items pertaining to fiscal 2013. Revenues for fiscal 2012 are expected to approximate $33 billion, down $1 billion, as previously estimated, due to weakened domestic protein demand. Revenues for fiscal 2013 are expected to approximate $35 billion, mostly resulting from price increases associated with increased raw material costs and expected decreases in overall domestic availability of protein. We expect 2012 net interest expense to be approximately $340 million, including the $167-million charge related to the early extinguishment of the 2014 notes. For fiscal 2013, we expect net interest expense to be in the $130-million to $140-million range. The effective tax rate for fiscal '12 should be around 37%. CapEx should be around $700 million. Although down from our previous estimate, the anticipated projects are moving along but will not be completed in fiscal 2012. This amount still well exceeds our depreciation and amortization levels. Our preliminary capital expenditures plan for fiscal 2013 is in the $500-million to $550-million range, down from fiscal 2012 until we have better visibility into our working capital needs. However, as with share repurchases, if forecasted conditions change, we may increase our planned capital expenditures. In closing, we are pleased with our Q3 results and are confident in our ability to end fiscal 2012 with another strong quarter, despite the ongoing challenges with soft protein domestic demand and high grain prices that appear to be in place for the foreseeable future. The moves we have made to strengthen our balance sheet over the past few years and recent capital restructuring will allow us to face those challenges head on and continue executing our strategy as we head into fiscal 2013. This concludes our prepared remarks, and I'll ask Wendy to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Heather Jones with BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First question is on your poultry business. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what your poultry profitability looks like if you take today's spot grain and market prices, as well as what you think it will look like in the September-October time frame if we get the typical seasonal decline in chicken prices.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So, Heather, let me make sure I've got the question right. So you are asking, what if our cost of goods were to immediately reflect the cost of what spot ingredient purchases would cost and there was no impact on revenue, right?
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So first of all, let me say we don't have that scenario. Our grain group has done a good job, and they've got us coverage out a couple of months in front of us well below the market. So this scenario is purely hypothetical, but let's think about it. At current values, spot corn is probably going to deliver something like $9 a bushel. Meal, you're probably going to be something like 5 50 delivered. So that's probably going to count to a live cost in the low 50s. Let's call that, say, $0.52 a pound. So today, our live cost is probably just a tick under $0.45 a pound, so our live cost would go up immediately $0.07 a pound. Now yielded, that's probably going to be like $0.10 on a finished pound. So we're not making $0.10 a finished pound today in chicken, so no -- in that hypothetical scenario, and I'm really glad it is hypothetical, we would not make money. Now thinking back, if I look at June, we've just baked in benchmarking services, a couple. And so looking back at June, we were top quartile in one, top tertile in the other, so we're operating across all of our businesses fairly well. And if I think back to the top spots in those surveys, probably the #1, #2 spots were around that $0.10-a-pound mark. I'd say pricing has probably softened up a little bit now versus June. We've seen breast meat prices come down and such, and obviously the live cost is probably going to be a little higher. So in your scenario, no, we wouldn't be profitable, and I don't think anybody would be, just based on what we see in those benchmarking services. Now going forward into the fall, fortunately, our cost of goods in Q4 is going to be fairly well contained. I do anticipate, and we've seen a little bit of softness in the last couple of weeks, that with the current supply, pricing is likely to soften a little bit going into Q4, as it typically does, and then into the Q1, on end of the fall, that typically is not a very strong pricing period, too. So that's kind of our view going forward.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And on a follow-up, let's just -- you talk about probably being below your normalized range for Beef in 2013. But if we put you at like the 1% to 1.5% range for fiscal '13, most of the industry would be losing money. And further, even if without the drought, from a long-term structural perspective, some of your peers are poorly positioned. So I guess I'm just wondering, do you think that this drought will hasten what probably needed to happen anyway and it could have some of your competitors shutter some capacity? And I just wanted to get your thoughts on that.
James V. Lochner: This is Jim. The drought definitely will have a long-term impact to the overall beef supply because I do believe that it's done a little bit what it did last year. And obviously, if it starts to make cattle come to the feedlots earlier, it changes some of the geography of where they're fed. But more importantly, this year, what it's doing, as well as the price of corn going up, caused a radical correction to the feeder cattle pricing, with that revenue dropping as much as $200 a head over that time frame. So it wasn't short run. That -- what that did is probably stopped any heifer retention that was going on or anticipated to go on. And you have to remember that those calves -- those heifer calves now won't be probably staying in the herd, will go into the feedlot. So over the next 6 months to 1 year, they would be into the feedlot numbers. But over the long run, we will have to see capacity adjust, likely either through plant closing or capacity utilization reductions. And we've always got to remind everybody that our plants have always been situated where the cost-competitive feedlots exist. And peripheral feedlots generally have a higher operating cost. And then on top of that, they have a higher freight cost to get cattle to the plant when they get outside their region. So I think that's a key component. So I agree that we'll probably have to see and we'll likely see some capacity utilization reduction. The timing of that is difficult to look at and nail down, but in general, that's correct. And then I think one other thing on cattle. We've seen dramatically a shift in the length and time cattle are fed, which has reduced those feedlot turns, probably in combination of higher grain costs and the accelerated movement, particularly last year from the drought, with cattle being in the feedlots longer. So it's a lot more difficult than it's been in prior year's to predict exactly what we think is going to happen on a timing basis for availability. So that's a fairly long answer to that question, but that's what we see.
Operator: Our next question is from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My first question is on Chicken, just to follow up on the previous question. So you said the hypothetical is not what you are dealing with in '13. So I just wanted to be clear. So are you hedged through 2013? My guess is no. And so at some point in 2013 -- fiscal '13, you are going to see higher grain cost if they stay where they are today. So the fact that you're saying you still remain profitable tells me that 85% of your revenue base that's flexible, you believe will adjust. Is that the right way to think about it?
Donnie Smith: Yes, you're reading it correctly. We're a couple of months out in front on our grain cost, which pretty much covers us through Q4. And that's -- what we really wanted to do in our grain strategy was to get us into new crop. Frankly, I would have liked to have seen a better new crop to get into, but be that as it may, it is what it is, so -- and we are -- we're covered through the end of September. So as we get into new crop, our grain costs will likely go up, looking at today's markets. But you're exactly right. A few things are giving us the optimism about being profitable. Number one is the pricing and the opportunities there. But also we've spent a lot of money on our Chicken business in the last couple of years. We still think there's some room for operating efficiency gains, probably on the order of about another $100 million. Jim mentioned, and I think I did too, about our international operations having a really tough quarter. And we think those will improve. The environment will improve there coming into 2013. That will help some. We are going to continue to sell more value-added, and as we do, that will improve the revenue side of our business. And two, our buy-versus-grow strategy is giving us a cost advantage because we're not saddled with parts of the chicken that don't carry very high revenue, and we're able to buy the parts we need at generally below our cost and convert those into value-added items. So you add all that stuff up, and that's what gives us the optimism going into 2013. And by the way, going into 2013, our estimate as of about a week ago, and hey, this corn market is bouncing around like a yoyo, so -- but as of a week ago, we were anticipating an incremental $700 million in grain cost in 2013, just to kind of...
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That is impressive if you're able to achieve that. So the next question is, so what's the supply scenario that you're assuming as being probable for next year for the industry? And what could change that? So I mean, like, most people expect like a 2% to 3% cutback could get the commodity prices up 10% or more and offset these higher grain costs. But what are you -- I'm assuming you'll be profitable even if there is no further cutback. Please correct me if I'm wrong there. And what do you think the industry is going to do? When will it happen? And what might that do to your EBIT margins in Chicken?
Donnie Smith: Okay, I think I understood your question. So we are predicting, or in our model for 2013, we do have current slaughter pounds in the forecast. Now let me talk about what we think we're going to happen. Let's look back -- well, about a year ago, this time or so, we were talking about this. We looked back at a couple of periods now when our Chicken business has been in that 6% or so range, one, that April, May, June period of '09. And during that time, we had a 6% return on sales, and slaughter pounds were running around $8.60 a week for the industry, and that gave us the environment we needed to be able to get the pricing we needed up on top of our cost structure. Now let me hasten on to say, during that year, corn was around $5 and meal was somewhere between $325 and $350-ish. So then fast forward now, up into 2012, the third quarter just ended 2012, you've got about 800 and 80-ish million or so slaughter pounds, and you've got probably $7 corn and $360 meal. So what made the difference there? It was all those things we mentioned before: the operating efficiencies, more value-added, our buy-versus-grow strategy, all those things. And so if you look at now the impact of this $0.07-a-pound live production increase, it would just make sense to us that something south of that 860 million slaughter pounds, which by the way I think is pretty close to your math of 2% to 3%, is probably the minimum to provide the environment that we're going to need to be able to get our pricing structure up on top of this cost structure that's coming our way.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And when might that happen relative to historical norms? As you know, it usually takes 6 months of losses before the industry starts cutting back. Do you think it might happen sooner?
Donnie Smith: Yes. I can't comment on that, but I can tell you that the current situation is untenable.
James V. Lochner: I think the key is we've have a rapid run-up in grain, and with the drought and the overall supplies of grain worldwide, we don't look like we're going to see a radical correction downwards. So the optimism waiting for the grain market to correct down isn't there. So that to me shortened the potential time frames.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: One last one for Jim, on Beef. Are you assuming -- you're on, I think, around $50 a head in Beef. And my guess is April was negative. I'm assuming you're above normal range today.
James V. Lochner: Today, meaning last week or...
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, last week, or in the month of June, I'm assuming you're above normal and that's continued.
James V. Lochner: Yes. The month of June was -- May and June corrected. We got the relationship, with the revenue increasing above the cattle cost. And our effort is always to try to run for gross margin as best as we can, and that means maximize the revenue of the beef, maximize the mix, watch our costs and really look at the forward supplies of cattle and the forward demand and try to keep those in harmony.
Operator: Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Do you think that there would be chicken producers who would choose not to cut production and, just because of a good balance sheet, keep their production flat and kind of power through this current negative grain environment?
Donnie Smith: Farha, I just couldn't say. I mean for us, we -- last year, we cut production 6% to 8% and we have held solid with those cuts all year long. That allows us to buy meat on the outside market. And I'll tell you, through Q3, we probably bought 60 loads of meat on the low side and over 100, maybe between 115 and 120, loads of meat a week on the upside, and then brought that -- bought it below our cost in most cases and then brought that in to further process it, which meant we didn't have parts of the bird that would be in oversupply, that would have hurt our sales revenues. So I can't speak for what somebody else may be thinking about with their balance sheet. I'm really proud of our team for doing a great job. If I look at our Chicken business, Donnie King and his group have taken over $900 million out of our cost structure since, call it, mid-'08. That's significant. They've done a great job. They've been very, very prudent in how they've spent their capital, and they've got these plants running great. And so all of those things, put together, give us the optimism. But I can tell you, we don't have any plans to increase our production at all. We don't have any plans to cut anything further. If demand erodes, we might buy a few less loads on the outside. But we're continuing with our production cutbacks. That's -- I can talk about us. That's -- I can't speak for the rest of the industry.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, on Pork, could you just share with us kind of the timing of how you see animals coming to market. Do you expect a huge fall rush of hogs? And we're hearing that potentially there might not be enough shackle space. And then do you expect to tighten up going into next year as higher grain costs hit the hog producers?
James V. Lochner: Typically, you do start to see an increase in numbers coming off of the summer heat, and usually that kind of a June time frame is from the prior year's summer heat as it affects fertility rates. So we would expect that coming into the back half of August into September, October, we'll see kind of what we used to call the normal fall run, and we'd expect numbers at this point to be in the 1% to 2%. I don't think they'll be anywhere close to pushing the maximum slaughter capacity of the industry. And then you always have to -- or just look at the whole cycle approach here and say that high-priced grain will impact production, but you still have a pipeline of about 10 months in production that's coming at you. So I'd say that the impact to producer profitability will start to feel 10 months from now. And then the summer -- this summer's heat also will have probably some issues as we get into kind of next summer's processing.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory A. Van Winkle - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Greg Van Winkle from Vincent's team. My question's related to pork. Wondering if you've seen any increase recently in hog supply as a result of breeder sows being sent to slaughter. And I guess, you addressed a little of this with the last question, but what do you expect in terms of hog reductions going forward after the runoff we've seen in feed cost?
James V. Lochner: We're not in the sow processing end of the business, but I am hearing that there are more sows being offered. And you would expect to see some early liquidation as a result of the run-up in grain prices. But that's what we're hearing, and I'll just have to monitor it week over week and month over month to look at what the projected long-range supplies are going to be.
Gregory A. Van Winkle - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then what assumptions go into your outlook for Pork margins? You seem to be pretty optimistic about fiscal 2013 even though it seems to me like we're going to need higher hog prices to make producers profitable. And it seems like maybe the domestic demand environment is still a little weak. So I was just wondering what's driving your optimism there despite what seems like kind of a challenging environment.
James V. Lochner: Oh, what drives my optimism is you've still seen really strong export demand. You've seen an industry that can flex on the live production side. It's also put down a lot of efficiencies. We'll have to just watch and see what will happen as overall protein prices increase, whether or not -- how much demand destruction there may be or won't be. One interesting thing that's going on this year with the drought, there's been so much communication out in the popular press about expecting higher prices because of a reduced corn crop. And so I do think that at least we'll start to see some acceptance and maybe a little less demand destruction. And we'll definitely have ample supplies through the majority of our fiscal '13. So the other key component that I think one always has to look at is that the high grain prices in the U.S. are affecting worldwide grain prices, and we're still the most efficient producer of pork and chicken throughout the world. So again, the U.S. should be favorably impacted from our overall efficiency in export. So those are a lot of different reasons why I don't see anything real detrimental on the horizon in Pork.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Jim, you talked a little bit about liquidation maybe not happening as quickly here. But we're seeing quite a bit of liquidation, it seems, in some of the other countries that we export into, specifically into Mexico. And that's been mentioned by some of your peers. I'm wondering, could you see a slowdown in exports, you think, in the near term as some of that liquidates and then it's setting up for a really strong export outlook, maybe into 2013?
James V. Lochner: Which -- I'm not sure what species you're referencing.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Well, really, we've seen it...
James V. Lochner: Mexico is not a big pork-producing country but...
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Yes, we've heard quite a bit about pork, specifically. You've seen some liquidation in the cattle side in Oceania and then -- and in the Pork side, it's primarily the hogs in Europe which maybe create some export opportunities for us. Mexico. I'm going to think Canada is also bringing quite a few sows to slaughter. So I'm just curious, kind of universally on the red meat side, obviously, the AI situation in Mexico is also perhaps creating a near-term pull.
James V. Lochner: Well, I just -- that's -- let me just -- off my last answer, I do think that we'll continue to see demand for -- in the countries we export to, which hopefully will persist. If there are that degree of liquidation against a small base, I don't look at their liquidation putting extra pounds on the market that have to be -- that are going to materially impact their need to import product. Clearly, the AI scenario in Mexico has some issue relative to overall just chicken movement within the country, which appeared to strengthen pricing here in the last several weeks. And then in the EU, we continue to hear about pig production being curtailed from a variety of different reasons. But again, as I mentioned in the previous answer, worldwide grain prices are going up as well, so the world's protein producers are going to feel this impact, and the U.S. is the most efficient place to grow pork and chicken. So I would expect that we'll see that long-term ramification from that.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: All right. And then just, Donnie, you mentioned what sounded like an improving foodservice environment. Just curious what your customer conversations are looking like in light of this increase in protein prices and possibly higher fuel on the back of lower ethanol production. Kind of also with wing prices so high this year, how much higher can they go relatively in order to offset some of the seed [ph]? Might some of that increase have to come on the back of boneless?
Donnie Smith: Yes, I guess, the best way I would characterize foodservice demand is it's a little bit -- it's sluggish. But finally there's a little bit of optimism, so, hey, maybe this thing's quite going down as -- that's not a very -- there's a little bit of optimism there, but not a lot. So as far as the conversations are going, I think people understand. There's nobody confused about the drought and its impact on the meat industry and meat producers. Also though, they're well aware of the current supply situation, and so there's not an immediate need to make a pricing adjustment. And so the conversations are largely around, "We understand it's coming and when it gets here, we'll participate because you guys do a great job taking care of us and service and quality and you're the innovation leader," and that kind of thing. So did that answer your question?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Yes. Just on the wings, I mean I'm a little bit worried, given how high they got this year, that they'd be able to take on much more of the...
Donnie Smith: It's interesting. If you go back in just about every year, regardless of where the wing price starts, when you go into the winter wing season, wing prices escalate. So we may test that this year, but so far, every year, wing prices go up during wing season, so...
James V. Lochner: I want to add one other thing. We spend -- do spend a lot of time with customers, showing them the supply/demand fundamentals, what's out in front of them, what the moves are. And that does help them immensely. The dialogue gives them some anticipation of what they think the supply will be relative to demand forward and their thinking about prices, so...
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you elaborate a bit -- and forgive me if you talked about this already -- on the soft domestic demand you highlighted? Is it primarily in a certain species or across the board? To what degree are consumers are trading down? Where are you seeing it? Just a little more color there would be appreciated, if you can.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Let's talk about retail first. Overall, fresh meat sales are down. Hey, as pricing increases, it does hurt volume. Sales dollars are there, but volume is down. Beef and pork are down more than chicken. Fresh chicken sales are about flat. Beef's down; pork's down. At foodservice, really, chicken has had a pretty good summer at foodservice. Demand for the other items is fair at best. Pork has actually probably been the softest between beef and pork. As we look at -- we tend to look at holiday seasons as kind of an indicator for things to come, and Memorial Day was just average at best. And then when we went into Fourth of July, chicken demand was just fair. Pork was a little bit soft. Beef did okay. Beef got a lot of feature activity in retail during the Fourth of July holiday. As we look at it now, as prices edge higher, it's probably going to hurt demand. We haven't really seen -- well, hey, you might call 4%, 5% volume down in beef and pork and flat chicken, meaning some shift into chicken. You might -- could interpret that. But really, we haven't seen what I would call wholesale movement between the proteins. They are trading down within the category from more expensive muscle cut, maybe down into grind and that kind of thing. But really haven't seen wholesale movement between the proteins.
James V. Lochner: I'd add one other thing, and that is even with the Perishable data showing down 3% in 4 weeks and 13 weeks down 1%, and the volume is down 8%, the wholesale prices of beef have been high. They've been higher than a year ago. So the balance of the cutout has still been high.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just generally, as you think about how to approach a year when input costs could be a headwind and obviously, it looks like it will be, I realize you're going to stay on target with your long-term strategies. But are there tactical moves you perhaps might make this time rather than at a time when inflation is a little bit less onerous? It sounds like some of what you're doing with capital spending and share repurchases is that. But I'm just trying to get a sense for maybe what other adjustments you can make in running your business now versus what kind of it looked like a few months ago.
Donnie Smith: Yes. I think you've mentioned the primary 2. We want to keep a little more dry powder around this and just be cautionary. And then as we get into the year and we get more visibility into what our working capital needs are going to be, I have absolutely no problem continuing to invest in the business. Obviously, there are acquisitions that are out there that may interest us in the future, buying our stock back. I think we're a great value. So all of those things are there. Other than that, no, we really don't want to change our strategy. We're on point, growing our value-added businesses, doing those things we need to do to take care of our customers and lead with quality, our service and innovation. Our guys have done a great job. Noel White and his group have done a super job with their premium programs in Beef and Pork and continue to operate their business better than the indexes that they compare themselves to. So no. That's the whole point. It was to weather the storm and get to a point like this to where we could continue down our path and have a balance sheet that would support that.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow with BMO.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I know you kind of touched on it. I'm just trying to get a little bit more hard-core answers to this. How much production cuts do you expect for the industry? And what will be your participation be?
Donnie Smith: Let me go to the latter. What we did was kind of look back into environments that happened before, when we got into an environment where we could add pricing. But in our business, we have remained cut back, the 6% or 8% or so we did back a year ago, and we're going to continue with our current production plans, is the plan now. Now, things may change depending on what grain does or something like that. But currently, we don't have any plans to change our production because we're producing well below our demand today, thus buying all the parts we're buying. So we like our production model being well short of our demand.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And what about the -- because I guess, your comment on the press release is changing crop conditions and pricing could reduce or change the USDA outlook. So I'm assuming you guys think that there is going to be some production cut. I'm just trying to figure out what extent do you think it is and how confident you are in that.
Donnie Smith: Go ahead, Jim.
James V. Lochner: Well, I think -- we look back a lot and do a lot of work looking at history, correlating live pounds and overproduction against demand. The data basically says to increase price, you've got to pull back production, and the market will have to do its job. How fast that happens under what environment is difficult for anybody to predict. And then I think as we look across the board, and we just -- again, history tells us that will happen. Who, how fast, when is virtually impossible to tell. We have thoughts, but we're certainly not going to talk about anybody specifically. We really try -- as Donnie keeps saying, we manage our own business with a lot of focus on demand forecast by part, what our production runs are going to have to be, and manage it out 13, 14 weeks in advance. And we do know what we have ahead of us with increased live production costs. So we're going to work on pricing and all the dialogue associated therein.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my other question is if you guys are pretty updating your -- at least breakeven, if not positive, what would that be for the industry? So I'm assuming you're outperforming the industry. Can you give us a metric to which you guys are outperforming the industry?
Donnie Smith: Well, I mentioned in an earlier question that we're top quartile in one of our benchmarking services and top third in the other. So that's about as much as I could say about how we compare.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Oksenhendler with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, I just want to follow up, I guess, on -- I guess, Ken's previous question and your answer and some of the previous questions in terms of, is this time different, where -- historically, you said when you cut supply, pricing will go up. But is demand weak such that you actually can't pass it through this time? And looking at -- going back to Christine's question in terms of wing prices at all -- really high levels, wing or leg quarter and breast meat prices didn't really move that much higher this year in relation to where they are relative to their cold storage levels and where production levels were in general for the industry. So I guess in terms of your optimism for pricing next year, I mean, leg quarter cold storage inventories are at the lowest level in 3 years since they've changed the data, and breast meat is at the lowest level in several years. So could you comment about that and your ability to take pricing next year?
Donnie Smith: Well, you're making a good point for us, Ryan, because inventories are low and that's certainly an advantage to us. But think, I mean, we're facing today, not knowing what's in front of us, $9 corn delivered and $550 million -- I mean, $550 soybean meal, which is going to have your live cost above $0.50 a pound -- I would -- somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.52 a pound. That frankly is just untenable. So we talked about earlier, as we went back into earlier periods when there was 860 million slaughter pounds, that -- and in those environments, we had the pricing structure that we needed to get on top of our current cost. By the way, we've improved our business since then. But if you just look at that, it stands to reason to us that with this wave of feed cost coming at us, you certainly -- we need to be below that level in order to have a favorable pricing environment. Now our forecast for the year is to operate profitably in this environment, so anything that -- any time the environment improves, that should be additive to our business.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is -- in my comments previously that I'd add now would be you've seen different parts of the bird particularly carry different percentage of the overall, with breast meat being soft, wing's high, leg quarters running pretty strong prices all year. And again, we really try to manage through total revenue component and look at where the opportunity to maximize that, be it in-country, be it export. So I think the market there -- will there be demand destruction with higher prices? Generally that's normal activity and the supply generally coming down. We'll have to offset it until equilibrium again occurs. So the timing of that is very difficult to call. But I do believe people will eat protein. The world will still have the same overall demand for protein. There will be adjustments on the parts. And we'll just have to see how fast that comes up to cover increased live costs.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then can you just talk about -- have you guys been importing any corn from Brazil at all or are contracted to do so?
Donnie Smith: No, not that we wouldn't if the math worked. But we've got a lot of truck corn bought from local farmers close to our feed mills. And right now the value -- imported values out of Brazil wouldn't compete with the cost that we've got local truck grain bought for, so -- but we run the math constantly. And when it works, that's an avenue for us.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then just one last quick one. Jim, if you could talk about the volumes down 14% in Beef. How much of that -- is it lower towel [ph] purchases? Could you talk about what drove that or break down that 14% decline?
James V. Lochner: In that 14%, we did process fewer head. Carcass weight was up. Then our outside cattle purchases really related to the impact of the relationship we have with BPI, with their volume down, where we basically captured some of that towel [ph] and sold. So it was the combination of those 3 things on the line.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First on the Brazil, China losses of $30 million. Is there any more color that you can kind of give us on that? And what did that relate to? What's the likelihood of that continuing, and so on?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we're definitely seeing the softness that you hear a little bit about in the China economy, and that's affecting the wholesale value. So basically, what the story there is, Tim, we have a young start-up business that we run today largely dependent on market birds. The premiums we will get will come when we have these biosecured company-owned houses, which that part makes up only 20% of the 2 million head that we're slaughtering today. So when you combine -- let me hasten on to say, the cost structure we see in those live production assets is great. The premiums that we see over the wholesale markets, both at retail and foodservice, is what we expected. So our business model looks right. It feels good. We're very optimistic about what we're doing there. It's just we're a young start-up, fledgling business, and today we're way too dependent on wholesale markets. And it's been soft. Pretty much the same story in Brazil as we move towards a more value-added mix. This boneless leg meat deal in Japan, when that market closed, it kind of backed up through and affected -- of course, and the problems -- economic problems in Europe have slowed down breast meat prices there. So if you take the boneless leg meat market closing in Japan and the softness in the breast meat market in Europe, a lot of that had ripple effects into other markets and ended up backing up a lot of meat into the domestic business. And again, we don't have our value-added mix sold out like we want to yet, so we were very dependent on the wholesale markets and that was just not a good place to be in Q3. We see some improvement now, and we do predict kind of steady improvement. It's liable to be a couple more quarters out, though, before we're feeling a whole lot better about that. And, hey, the story is in Brazil, get your plants double-shifted and get into that value-added mix like our business model says we have to do. And in China, we can't build chicken houses fast enough. So the model is good. We'll get there. It's just we're too dependent on export and wholesale markets today.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got you. And just a quick one for Dennis. If we were bridging to the $0.50, Dennis, what would we plug in for the tax component of the refunding of the bonds?
Dennis Leatherby: If we're going back to $0.50, if we didn't have the extinguishment of the bonds, it would have been 37.9%.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. But do you know the dollar amount for the tax impact of the bond?
Dennis Leatherby: We can get you that, Tim.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to know what your capacity utilization levels are in Beef now, Jim. I mean, your volume was down 14% in the quarter. You still had pretty decent margins, but you're going to be down double-digit this year. You'll probably be down again next year. At what point this capacity utilization become an issue in Beef?
James V. Lochner: The issue really gets critical when you are going to average -- I've got to get my math right here, but I'll make it simple. When you think you're going to average less than $36, it's critical. We were well north of that. We always do our capacity utilization on a 6-day week, and I don't think there's -- we're not going to see volumes out there that are going to warrant much Saturday operation. But we were still in the high 70s on capacity utilization on a 6-day capacity. But you've also got to kind of look at that number because when you're adding value on your cut floors and going to more value-added mixes, you have to watch how you really run your plant. So sometimes you'll sacrifice throughput for revenue. And that's part of that overall game of trying to maximize revenue against cost, against the supply. So sometimes you'll take a capacity reduction simply to maximize your revenue to get a higher mix. That's why it's a lot less dependent than a pure number of just saying what's the capacity utilization, and we're always making those adjustments. That's why I'm a bit vague with the answer.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I remember years ago, capacity utilization was the most important thing to follow. Has your business philosophy changed since then? It's more revenue management?
James V. Lochner: Yes, let me -- I just apologize for jumping in there, but it was not only the most important thing to follow. Maximizing revenue has always been a key driver. It's just that people like to look at that relative to the supply and the adjustments. So, yes, the key is really maximizing the revenue through mix and sales and then looking forward to what that type of cattle supplies are out in front and really trying to match those. And we're not hesitant to try to drop a little bit of the daily capacity or the daily run rates to try to maximize those revenues.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And a follow-up for Donnie. Chicken pricing, looks like yours is going to be up about 9% this year. Your volume will be down pretty much in line with the industry, maybe in line. Is 9% pricing disappointing? Were you expecting a higher pickup in pricing?
Donnie Smith: Good question. No, I think at the cost level, so far for the run rate, feels okay, not -- it's going to be woefully inadequate to cover the cost structure that's coming at us, so we will definitely need to take more. But I'm proud of our guys. We won some price based on the things we'd like to win our price increase on, which is having a great quality product in the box or in the tray. Our service on time and order fill has just been phenomenal. And two, we lead with innovative capability. We've had a lot of our customers in the Discovery Center working on ways to grow their business, and so for that, we get rewarded for adding that value to their business with a pricing structure that makes sense. So no, I wouldn't say we're disappointed in where we are. I think our folks have done a good job. They do know they've got another hill to climb, and we're headed that way.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: My question is on the Prepared Food segment. Can you just give us some highlights within the quarter? What actual product categories performed well versus the other categories?
Donnie Smith: Yes, sure. Our lunchmeat business, we've talked about that a little bit before, continues to make improvement. Proud of that team. I'll tell you our Wright brand bacon has well outpaced category growth there. We've extended the Wright brand beyond bacon now, into dinner sausages, and are very pleased with that. We are seeing some movement and pretty optimistic around chicken lunchmeat. We've got some smoked meat offerings coming out. We've actually done very well in our franks business. And two, we've got a new offering coming very soon into the marketplace in the next 2 or 3 months, which -- well, it is back to a chicken offering, which will be gluten-free strips and nuggets. So adding value to the red meat items, whether it's pizza topping. Our tortilla business has done well as well. So it's really been a fairly broad-based growth in all of those Prepared Foods segments, and we see a continued bright future and a lot of growth opportunities in that segment.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is we also had a plant start-up, which actually hurt us in this, which we started our Council Bluffs pepperoni plant, which will be a very efficient process there. They're much more competitive than some of our existing pepperoni. And we'll continue to really put a lot of focus in our overall Prepared Foods, particularly the sausage and pizza topping businesses, as well as the lunchmeat. So we're very encouraged with the activity and the project list that we have on incremental improvements throughout the whole category we call prepared...
Operator: Our next question is from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Donnie, it wasn't clear from your comments if you thought you would actually fall into a position of unprofitability in the Chicken segment. I think earlier in the call, you talked about the incremental cost of grain and that pricing was actually coming down on a seasonal basis. We always see it. And that suggested to me that maybe the December and March periods, you would be negative. But then later you said, we're managing our business; however, we kind of remain profitable. So I guess I'm just wondering, for your commentary regarding fiscal '13, is it built on we know where we are to the extent that we know where grain is today and we think we'll be profitable? Or is there a little bit of sort of optimism built into your back half of your fiscal '13, because at some point the market will start pricing and presumably that we'll have a crop in 2013?
Donnie Smith: A little bit of -- the answer to both of those questions is yes. Our optimism is based around where grains are today because that's really the only visibility we have. And we do see improvements in the back end, not so much in our costing model, but on the revenue side of the model. It's a little bit back-half loaded. But to your question, we are using current grain prices, current soybean meal, however the spot market is plus the basis freight delivered to our feed mills, in the cost structure.
Dennis Leatherby: And we see more operating efficiencies coming.
Donnie Smith: Yes. About $100 million, yes.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, I guess I -- somebody touched on it earlier about the revenue side and the fact that obviously the industry is really sort of a supply-driven industry and sort of the pricing follows how much we're either short or in excess. But if you look at even the breeder flock today is now 10% below what it was in 2007, and yet pricing wasn't all that robust this year. So I guess, I'm just a little nervous that even if we get another cut next year, call it 2% to 3%, that the consumer environment is so difficult that you really won't see it. And when I talk to the restaurant companies that are following QSR, they're looking to maintain their pricing structure to their customers, which means they're going to pressure back on their supply chain. So is it the conversations you're having with your customers today that they're now giving you an idea that okay, yes, they're going to be willing to accept these price increases that you're going to need to take to cover this? Or I guess, what's making you so optimistic about pricing in 2013?
Donnie Smith: Number one, yes, we are -- as we talk to customers today, they do see that this is an unprecedented movement in grain that is likely to have an impact on the supply of meat in all 3 proteins, maybe all 4 proteins, including turkey, I guess, on the market as we move forward. Now the exact timing of when which segment will cut back and supply will decrease, we have our ideas, but I won't speculate on that. But I think everyone that we talk to realizes that the meat situation in America is going to tighten up and that's going to have an impact on pricing. USDA has got their figures. We kind of pencil in ours. But hey, our Chicken business has done -- the domestic Chicken business did very well, I think, in Q3. We continue to add not only operating efficiencies, but we continue to grow our value-added. And we're getting paid for the value that we're adding to our customers' businesses. And so that's what keeps us optimistic, is the fact that this situation is untenable. It's going to change. And we're in a position because we've so dramatically reduced the amount of fixed cost -- fixed price -- long-term annual fixed-price agreements that we have to be able to take advantage of helping a customer ensure supply by being in an arrangement with a great supplier.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up question, if I have a minute. I realize you're over schedule here. On the international business, you had talked about pulling in all of that production internally and building out farms, et cetera, in China. Is that -- what's the timeline on that again? Is that 2 years?
Donnie Smith: A couple of years, 2014, yes. We should grow steadily in company-controlled biosecure houses between now and 2014.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And at that time, you don't expect to take any meat from the outside market.
Donnie Smith: Correct.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what would your run rate be in 2014 in terms of total production?
Dennis Leatherby: In China, about 3 million head.
James V. Lochner: Per week, yes.
Operator: Our final question today is from Colin Guheen with Cowen and Company.
Colin Guheen - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just real quickly, I guess, bigger picture and playing off of some of the Diane's questions. There's been such demand destruction over the last couple of years in beef. Are we getting to a level of more latent demand here where people become more agnostic on price? Or do we see more species substitution if we continue to have above your forecasted pricing in beef and continued demand destruction?
James V. Lochner: When I hear that, and I tend to think that until I go look at the numbers, and then I see that the cutout has ran a very high level, and currently is running a much higher number relative to last year. When I look at the Perishable data, you'll see the volumes being down and the prices being down. But the reality is the market's absorbing. It did absorb a choice cutout in the 190s through the bulk of May. It came off after the Fourth of July. It's a very difficult thing to answer other than looking at history, but we do know that the supplies will continue to come down. The prices probably will continue to rise. And the export demand, I think even though it's down year-over-year, January through May, about 11%, now we expect to see probably exports continue -- or will strengthen in the back half and potentially into '13. Again, that overall available worldwide supply keeps dropping, and so I think there are a number of consumers that are really -- the price isn't the primary driver. So it's a long answer to say, I'm not sure. I can't predict the future very well. But I can look at the supply dynamic going down. And history tells me that as supplies come down, prices will continue to inflate.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Well, that wraps up our call for today. We obviously have some challenging months ahead, but we've got the right team in place and the right plan to handle what comes our way. So thanks for joining us today, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jon Kathol. You may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods Conference call for the second quarter of our 2012 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. [Operator Instructions]  I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Our second quarter earnings were $0.44 a share compared to $0.42 in the second quarter of 2011. Operating income was $302 million, which was about flat to Q2 last year. Sales were up 3.4% versus Q2 a year ago at $8.3 billion. The Pork segment was again above its normalized range with an 8.4% operating margin. Prepared Foods was near the top end of its normalized range with a 5.5% margin, and our Chicken segment returned to normalized earnings sooner than expected with a 5% return on sales in the second quarter. Beef was challenging again this quarter, finishing around breakeven. And Jim will speak to what happened there in his remarks.  We're now halfway through what will likely be our third consecutive year of solid earnings. The team is running the business well by focusing on our customers and executing on key performance indicators. We continue improving production efficiencies and management systems, and we're getting a solid return on the capital we've invested in recent years. The work we've done internally is paying off and now, we're beginning to build on that for the long-term success and growth.  Externally, key economic indicators continue to recover slowly. Consumers' views about current conditions improved in February and spending jumped to its highest level in 7 months, however, consumer confidence pulled back slightly in March. Consumers appear to be cautious about the economy, but still hopeful. The national gasoline price average fell in April from its recent highs of about $3.92 a gallon, to the current average price of about $3.75 a gallon. The energy department, however, still says fuel prices will peak in May at about $4. Taking all these economic indicators into account, we're cautiously optimistic that the worst is over for the food service industry. Food service dollar sales increased 6% in the first calendar quarter of 2012 versus the same quarter last year. Quick-service restaurant segment continued showing growth, with consumer spending up 3%. Full-service is showing dollar growth, as well with spending up 10%. Again, this is sales growth, driven primarily by inflation, not necessarily volume growth.  Major restaurant chains are leading the recovery, although it likely continues to be at the expense of independents, which are still struggling. NPD-CREST reports also show a bright spot. Traffic to commercial restaurants increased by 1.7% end this Jan-Feb quarter. This was the strongest gain since the summer of 2007. The major chains realized 4% traffic growth, with growth coming from the QSR segment at 4% and casual dining segment at 1%. Small change were flat and independents continue to lose traffic down 2%. Of course, Tyson partners with many of the chains that are growing faster than the industry average, providing us an opportunity to outperform the industry in terms of average volume growth. As Technomic pointed out recently, restaurant concepts in any segment of the industry can beat the odds on sales growth but they must offer value, convenience, a differentiation that makes them highly memorable and alignment with what consumers are seeking in away-from-home dining. Our R&D resources have us well positioned to help our customers in those areas.  There's good news on many of the key menu categories. Morning meal traffic has been up, and servings of breakfast sandwiches that include sausage, bacon, chicken and steak are growing. Chicken nuggets, chicken sandwiches, wings, meatball sandwiches, and bone-in chicken, also a growth during the period. And we're expecting a significant amount of chicken features at food service this summer, especially in the major QSR change.  Now the retail channel for the 13-week period ending March 31, the Perishable Group reported the volume of fresh meat sold at retail down about 4% versus the same period a year ago, driven by higher retails. Beef pounds were down 9%, ground beef was down 7%, pork was down nearly 3% and chicken was about flat. ROI data show that the bacon and frozen strips and cubes category grew during the 13 weeks ending March 18, but other frozen and refrigerated category volumes declined versus a year ago. Tyson still commands the dominant share in the frozen breaded chicken category, and we grew share in Q2 in the individually frozen segment.  The Tyson brand is the market leader in value-added poultry and has a track record of driving consistent, profitable growth. Innovative new products to solve problems and deliver values to consumers continue to be the key. Some of the new products we're introducing include Tyson whole grain chicken chunks, and Tyson Stuffed Mini Bread Bowls in the grocery channel, along with Tyson Grilled Chicken Tenderloins in the club store channel.  Our case-ready beef and pork rib is valued-up proteins by pairing beef, pork and chicken with fresh vegetables, seasonings and sauces to create healthy convenient meal solutions. This product line has seen double-digit growth this year. Turning to our international business, we're making progress on the growth of our operations in China where we're placing an emphasis on food safety, quality and supply chain integrity as we grow that business. Our startup plan in Jiangsu achieved full production on the first shift in April, and we're on plan in regards to our food housing construction plans. Our operations in Brazil aren't at the level we'd like at this point, but we're working on upgrading our mix, getting costs down through automation and filling up our plants. However, we are pleased with the progress and the efficiencies we're gaining as we double shift these plants.  I'll wrap up by saying that we still believe we have the potential for $2 a share for the year, especially considering the pricing support we should get from overall declining domestic availability. Now, it won't be easy considering beef results in the first half of the year, but beef is rebounding and our other segments continue to do well pertaining another good year. Again, this demonstrates exactly why I continue to believe that our multi-protein, multichannel, multinational business is the right way for Tyson Foods to deliver long-term sustainable earnings.  I'll now turn it over to Jim for a review of our segment results, followed by Dennis with the financial report.
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. With $115 million in operating income and a return on sales of 8.4%, the Pork segment, again, performed above its normalized range of 6% to 8%. We have accomplished this by staying focused on operating efficiency, product quality and yields, mix management, customer service and taking care of our team members while moving commodity products up the value chain. The Pork segment is currently experiencing some domestic demand pressure in hams, bellies and trimmings. Exports have remained strong in calendar '12 year-over-year. We do expect to see hog supplies up 1% to 2% year-over-year for the balance of our fiscal year. While our Pork margin performance should remain strong through the second half of the year, we do not expect it to be at the levels we achieved in the first 6 months. Our Prepared Foods segment, with $44 million in operating income and 5.5% operating margin, again produced returns in the upper end of its 4% to 6% normalized range. These results reflect improvements in pricing and mix. Growing our Prepared Foods business remains a key growth avenue for the company. For example, today, we're opening our state-of-the-art expansion at our Council Bluffs, Iowa pepperoni plant. We will continue to look for opportunities to acquire or build new assets to expand in several other categories or to increase capacity in existing categories. Recovery in the Chicken segment occurred faster than we expected. As we return to our normalized operating margin range of 5% to 7% in the second quarter, Chicken posted a 5% return on sales with $145 million in operating income after absorbing $65 million in additional feed costs versus Q2 last year. Our team has done a very good job of managing price to cover inputs and we're expecting pricing to remain strong as we have kept our inventories in line. Meanwhile, the industry as a whole has reduced production pounds by 4% to 6% year-over-year.  To help keep our production balanced, we bought chicken on the open market rather than growing all the birds we needed. We won't grow a bird solely for the part in the highest demand because we have to sell the entire bird. Grow versus buy is a strategy we look at continually based on input costs, revenue demand forecast and the needs of our customers. We've been very methodical in our approach but we can and will add production when long-term demand warrants, and we'll use our locations where the cost of production is most competitive. In the second half of the year, we expect our Chicken segment to be in the normalized range and we are still on track to meet $125 million operational efficiency target for fiscal '12. And finally, let's look at the Beef segment, which essentially broke even for the quarter. The fact we are able to come this close to making money in the second quarter demonstrates that we have a strong well-managed business. The team did a good job of executing in the areas they could control and competed well in other areas. In Q1, supply balance was a problem, in Q2, it was the demand issue. Since our last call, the industry appeared to be headed toward a recovery and we briefly returned to normalized margins in late February and early March. Then the unwarranted controversy over lean finely textured beef, temporarily destroyed demand for ground beef and beef in general virtually overnight. This caused a rapid decline of over $120 per head over a 4-week period. Personally, I don't recall a revenue decline that steep.  Cattle price is corrected, but not at the same rate, which did cause extreme margin compression in March and early April. In a commodity spread business, raw material prices ultimately adjust to the revenue and forward revenue projections and we're seeing that correction occur. Industry slaughter in Q2 versus a year ago was down 6% and Tyson was down more than that, so we gave up market share in an effort to manage our margins.  We believe the revenue-to-cattle cost relationship has the potential to realign to the normalized profitability as cattle supplies appear to be adequate from May to early fall. Although we're taking a cautious approach to beef demand, other fundamentals would suggest optimism. We're headed into our seasonally strong demand period. The reduced steer and heifer slaughter in our Q2, plus the continued reduction in April, would indicate more-than-anticipated supplies in May and beyond. Some analysts are projecting fed steer and heifer availability to be much higher than originally anticipated in most feeding regions.  Longer term, it looks like we could be on the initial stages of the herd rebuilding as beef cost slaughter is down and some heifer retention appears to be taking place. This will not impact the remainder of our fiscal '12, but the extent of heifer retention will influence the fed supplies into 2013 and beyond. We have seen the shift to more cattle being fed in a 1,000-head-plus feedlots which is generally favorable to our plant locations.  In closing, I'd like to thank our team members for staying focused on the long-term objectives of managing total revenue and costs, while also managing through the near-term ups and downs.  I'll now turn it over to Dennis for the financial report.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie mentioned in his remarks, we reported Q2 earnings of $0.44 per share. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months was 14.4%. Capital expenditures were $162 million for the quarter and totaled $344 million for the first 6 months of fiscal 2012. We continue to invest in numerous capital projects for our domestic and foreign operations. These projects will result in improved productive capabilities and drive labor efficiencies, improve yields and sales mix. Our operating cash flow for the first 6 months remains strong at $454 million. Including cash of more than $700 million, net debt was just under $1.5 billion. Total liquidity was $1.7 billion, well above our targeted range of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt remained at $2.2 billion. Gross debt-to-EBITDA for the last 12 months was 1.4x. On a net debt-to-EBITDA basis, this measure was 1.0x. During the second quarter, we acquired 3.6 million shares for $70 million under our share repurchase program. Over the past 4 quarters, we have repurchased 15.1 million shares since we reactivated this program, representing a reduction of about 4% of our outstanding shares. Over time, we expect to continue repurchasing shares.  Last week, our board expanded the share repurchase authorization by 35 million shares, increasing the total remaining authorization to just over 42 million shares. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the second quarter was 373 million. The dilutive share effect totaling $5 million for options and $4 million for convertible bonds will fluctuate depending on our stock price performance. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 35.3%. So here is an update on the outlook for fiscal 2012. Revenues are expected to approximate $34 billion, driven largely by raw material price increases and continued tight domestic protein availability. We expect net interest expense to be approximately $190 million, down $41 million from fiscal 2011. The effective tax rate should be about 36%. CapEx should be around $800 million to $850 million. This reflects continued spending on improving the efficiency and competitiveness of our domestic and foreign operations, while also continuing to build out our foreign businesses, especially in China.  In closing, our Q2 results continue to demonstrate that our diversified business model works. We are pleased to see our Chicken business return to its normalized range, while our Pork and Prepared Foods segments continue to operate in or above their normalized rages. Although our Beef segment faced volatile market conditions in a reduction in demand for Beef products from factors out of our control, we delivered solid results as a whole.  As we have mentioned before, while it is great when all 4 segments are within their normalized ranges, it's not a requirement in order to perform well as a company. We will continue focusing on the areas of our business we control, and remain confident we will provide strong results for a third consecutive year.  This concludes our prepared remarks, and I'll ask the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jim, unless I missed it, you gave a little bit of an outlook on how you expected margins to look on every segment but Beef. Did I miss something there or was that an intentional omission?
James V. Lochner: I thought Donnie had actually had it in his remarks, but Beef margins have, in the last couple of weeks, turned nicely. And if I replay it back into Q2, we had those Beef margins turn where the relationship of revenue to cattle costs was back in line kind of through February or mid part of February and early March, and then they really corrected after the LFTB controversy hit where we saw that really rapid decline in Beef wholesale prices. Again, I said that was probably steeper than I can ever recall at $120 a head. Now if we looked forward, with they -- have come back in the last couple of weeks, it took a while for that correction. And we do see adequate supplies because you have to look back. The industry has really processed dramatically fewer animals through -- January through March. That also happened in April. And we also looked back in October through December, we processed considerably fewer. Against my calculation in that first 6 months, we're seeing 700,000 fewer head processed, which tells me that the supply should be very adequate for the balance of this year. And the key will be in margins, if we expect to be able to hold on to this revenue to cattle cost relationship going forward.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Great. And then as a quick housekeeping, Should -- I mean, I'm surprised that the earnings presentation doesn't say $0.45. It looks like we were really $0.415 for the first quarter, I think, or -- anyway, the bottom line is that we rounded down for 2 quarters in a row. Sorry to nitpick on that, but...
Donnie Smith: You're right, Tim. We're being conservative on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Nice job on the quarter, especially given everything they keep throwing at you. In any case, Jim, you mentioned on the Beef side that your slaughter volumes were down more than the industry. And it's obviously already at pretty low levels. I'm just wondering, as you look into maybe a little beyond the end of your fiscal year and looking at the retention that we're seeing on the heifer side, are you expecting to be able to manage through that continued kind of decline in slaughter volumes as things maybe tighten up with heifers, and then maybe tighter cattle supplies as you head in fiscal '13?
James V. Lochner: Well, fiscal '13, as you know, fed steer and heifer supply will really -- the base number on that was 2011 calf crop which was still 35.7. We didn't see that decline will be this year's calf crop in 2012. And typically, you roundabout a 2-year lag so about 73%. If heifer retentions, since we usually process about 9.5 million to 10 million heifers, we could see 400,000 to 500,000 come out of the 2013 number. But again, you have to look at the fact that the feeder cattle imports are also running more than they were a year ago. And what we've seen is the shift in because basically the crush has been very negative. So you've seen less cattle being placed in the smaller feedlots, which again is favorable to most of our locations that sit where there's very dense feedlots. So the supply will tighten and then we'll have to see as this calf crop in 2012, how much heifer retention's there. You have seen fewer beef cows processed and you've got a little bit of a conflicting message on the heifer retention when you look at the April on feed number, which actually shows 4% over. So I would expect though that we'll see heifer retentions start to rebound as we go through the year, if we have adequate moisture in those cow states.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: So is it your expectation then that feeder cattle imports will continue to be at these levels, because it looks like the cattle supplies in Mexico and Canada are getting a little tighter?
James V. Lochner: Well, I'm looking at the year-over-year number, which is roughly, in the last 6 months, running about 100,000. And so as their cow herds would decline, obviously, we'd see less, but the feeder cattle price in the U.S. has been very supportive to pull those cows out of Canada and Mexico.
Operator: Our next question is from Heather Jones with BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: My question is for Beef and Pork. Since Q1 of your fiscal '10, we've seen Tyson outpace hedgers at just calculation of industry margins by about 15 a head in Pork and 55 to 65 a head in Beef, and there's been about -- there's been an upward bias to your trend. I guess my question is what 2 to 3 factors are most critical in driving that out-performance? And more importantly, do you believe there's an opportunity to widen that further in a significant way, say 5 to 10 a head?
James V. Lochner: Well, you've put me on a spot when you quantitated the second part of that question.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I was trying to corner you into answering me.
James V. Lochner: I do think there's upside, and that's what we work on everyday because we're looking at how to really value up the mix and then -- in fresh meat, you really have to say that the bulk of those price quotes are on commodity or second value-added raw products. Our whole thrust has always been to try to understand where we can add value to the customers by taking more bone, more trim, more case-ready trim, more retail ready-trimmed sub-primals, and we obviously charge, so we look at a return on labor. The industry will continue to evolve, it has over a long period of time. But with higher freight costs, you're going to see, I think, a more rapid transformation to more value-added raw products. And that's one of the ways that we've done that. I think we will continue to see upside. But the other 3 -- 2 to 3 factors that we really focused on, some of it's location. Our plants do sit where the livestock, quantities are, that gives us a freight advantage on the buy, gives us a shrink advantage for yield. And then we're looking again at -- always our efficiency and how we really manage the mix. And another thing we do is really look at our pricing mechanism, try to get as much on formula, take the least amount of fixed forward selling risk that we can, so there's a variety of things. I know you don't like always the answer, it's simple blocking and tackling on focused on basics. But there's probably over 80 metrics that our teams really look at from a combination of plant efficiency, labor efficiency, yields, mix, value-added mixes, pricing metrics. We index ourselves every way that we possibly can and that's why we drive that differential.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: The most important takeaway I should take from this is that you do think there's further upside to widen that out-performance?
James V. Lochner: Our goal every quarter and every year is to add to that margin differential on the revenue. Our job, the way we look at our position in life and Beef and Pork is to add as much revenue to the product as we can because we do know that the revenue and the livestock cost will stay in a pretty good correlation for the most part over time, and we want to maximize the revenue to the overall category.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: [indiscernible] reported a nice jump in boneless, skinless breast prices last week and I know some of that's seasonal. But their commentary about breasts was a little bit more constructive than it usually is. And I've heard of some buyers looking for say 100 loads only able to get 60 or so, is this what you're seeing in the boneless market, too? And if so, how sustainable of a trend into the summer do you think it will be?
Donnie Smith: Ken, this is Donnie. It feels like that this firmness will probably continue a little bit longer maybe on even into the summer. The thing we keep our eye on, keep our eye on gas prices, we keep an eye on the hopeful but sluggish economic recovery. And I think that's probably got as much to do with it if anything, and I'm not sure how accurately we can predict that. But I can -- we can predict this. Jim mentioned in his comments our buy versus growth strategy. We've been able to buy -- we balance to the nearest whole bird increment and then buy the parts that we need. A lot of that's been breast meat, the meat's been available. And I think as things firm up, then there may be a little bit less meat available. But frankly, all that was kind of built into our plan as summer demand picked up. So honestly, it's working just like we expected it to and we feel really good about how that's going to play itself out for us this summer.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then sticking with chicken, and forgive me if you addressed this already, but can you talk a little bit about your forward buying on beans. I think the last time you spoke on hedging, you mentioned you were fairly close to the market on grains. But I didn't hear a whole lot about soybean meal and of course, the price of that commodity has risen a lot.
James V. Lochner: Yes, that's great question. The South American production is down versus what we expected it a couple -- 3 months ago. And then another factor in our DDGs, a lot of the ethanol producers are pressed in those DDGs to get the corn oil out, which is going into renewable fuels. And that, of course, once you take the energy out of that it’s a pretty high -- the protein fiber ratio gets to the point that you really don't feed it in simple-stomach diets at near the ratio. So that has caused, I think, an increase in feeding. Meals shot up dramatically. I think futures, I didn’t look this morning, but late last week, they're around 430 a ton. We're about 4 to 5 weeks out, something like that. We stay pretty conservative and we're, by the way, about the same place in corn. And so, we do keep an eye on that. We've got pretty decent bases coverage out through the summer, so we feel pretty good about where we are. And you've got to remember, it looks like we've got a huge new crop coming. Lots of uncertainty yet, but you sure don't want to be too long going into that cliff period where you're going to start bringing a big new crop into the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question is from Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, Donnie, first question, if Chicken was better than you thought kind of one quarter earlier and achieved normalized margins, why wouldn't it be better than normalized this summer?
Donnie Smith: It could be. There is certainly the possibility that it would. As we look at our year and you look at all of the segments combined, it looks like to us Pork's probably going to end the year at a little better than normalized. Chicken can sure get there, expect it to. Again, the only caution in my comment at all about Chicken is this economic recovery. It looks like to us, slaughter pounds are going to be down about 4% for the year, so the environment is about right. But the demand picture, what's $4 gas going to do to disposable household income and what effect that might be, it could -- might tame it down a little bit at the end. In our press release, we mentioned that Beef ought to be in the range in the fourth quarter, and then our Prepared Foods business will be in the range. So we feel good about how this summer is shaping up for us. It ought to be a strong back half for us.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And a follow-up on Beef. So fourth quarter is normalized even though margins right now appear to be very strong. Was it just that April was so weak that that's why you can't be normalized in the third quarter and how should we think about the fiscal third quarter in Beef for margin?
James V. Lochner: April was bad in the first couple of weeks, before that price of cattle corrected down with that revenue decline, and so that's the only caution on Q3. But in the last couple of weeks, we've been very pleased as that revenue livestock cost spread has widened.
Operator: Your next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wasn't sure, maybe I missed it, but have you actually quantified what you expect feed costs to be up year-over-year this fiscal year if we were to spread or mark everything to market as of today?
Dennis Leatherby: It's in the $250 million to $260 million category. Somewhere -- that'll be a ballpark range. I don't know if we specifically put that in the press release, but it's going to be about that range. Year-to-date it's $285 million.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you also mentioned in the press release that there's other non-feed costs that were inflationary in the period. Can you just talk a little more about those?
Donnie Smith: Yes, a lot of your animal byproducts, all of that trades off, soybean meal, a lot of ratios, your feed fats, for example, are an energy source. And as corn's trades up and down, so do those sources. So just when you put all that stuff together, you're going to get -- the vast majority of that cost is going to be in corn and soy. But fat, animal byproducts and all of those things can -- will come to play, too, because they all feed off those 2 markets.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you guys have been speaking a bit more about as the turnaround restructuring story of Tyson is clearly full force and we’re talking a little bit more about growth opportunities in the future, you spend more time talking about both the international opportunity and the value-add opportunity. I was wondering if you were prepared to maybe put some more numbers around, for example, accretion potential in your China expansion or how you think things like the new additions in Prepared Foods that you guys mentioned today may ultimately add to earnings? Just a little more color around the real earnings opportunity there as we start to think longer-term?
Donnie Smith: That's a great point. Obviously, our international and value-added segments are intended to be the acceleration for our growth, a little bit on China. Our model there is really around company-owned, company-controlled live production and food safety and quality and supply chain integrity. I think we said in the last quarter that by 2014, we'll be at about 3 million head a week there, which, hey, is less than 10%, I guess, of what we're doing in the U.S. But still that'll be the equivalent of 3 pretty decent sized U.S. complexes. We are seeing our entrants into those markets, not only in the Food Service but also at retail. We have Tyson-branded chicken at retail to-date which is small. These plants are just start ups and we're just getting started, but so far so good. In value-added, whether it's poultry or Prepared Foods, we see a lot of opportunity. We've done a lot in the last, really, a couple of years. As you mentioned, our quality, our service, and our innovation are really driving customer loyalty and we're getting paid for it. And as our customers continue to struggle in this economy to find ways to drive traffic to their store or to their restaurant, they're looking to us for that new product innovation and leadership, a greater presence in value-added chicken, whether it's breaded or non-cooked. It's certainly in our future and there's lots of opportunity for us in Prepared Foods and all of the categories. We've made great strides in the last couple of quarters in our lunchmeat business. We've got great opportunities there. We did all for a right brand dinner sausage in the marketplace, off to a good start there. We've got a new pepperoni plant and our folks are out currently very aggressively selling that product. And so we've got tons of potential. It's a little bit too early, I think, to start getting into a whole lot of detail specifically about what each one of those would do to earnings, but the potential's there and you've certainly read us correctly that we're going to be aggressively growing our business.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just last thing, a little bit more noise about what Russia's WTO accession might mean. Can you just give a view on what you think that might mean for exports of Pork and Chicken in particular?
James V. Lochner: Russia does have a goal set, this is Jim, on trying to get self-sufficient in both Poultry and Pork production. They won't be able to get quite caught up in Beef. But as of late, they've been strong importers of U.S. Beef and U.S. Pork. So if they get into WTO, I don't look at that -- that's all upside is the way I look at it. But the key thing on what -- we always watch world production numbers and try to make sure that we're optimizing our sales relative to what's going on in the world and search for the highest revenue component that we can find.
Operator: Our next question is from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I want to follow up a little bit on Beef. So I noticed that your supply projection for your fiscal year for steer fed cattle supplies is down from what it was previously. I'm guessing that's because of what you've seen so far this year, and that just means that they'll be more available in your next fiscal year. Can you talk a little bit about that, Jim?
James V. Lochner: Certainly can. If we look at our fiscal year, we were projecting in the 1% to 2%. And if you look again at our first 7 months of our fiscal year, we're down just short of 699,000 head year-over-year, and I didn't adjust for any difference in days on that. Which would imply that we should have more cattle available at the back half, but the key is demand is very fragile to all of this supply. So I don't expect that and we're watching it very carefully ourselves, that we don't push more meat on the market than the market can absorb. We try to make sure that we hold prices as best we can, which would suggest that we'll push cattle past our fiscal year into our first quarter of 2013. And the beauty of Beef and the supply chain is you do have a number of options in the way that you feed and manage them to try to hit different marketing windows. And I'm thinking that we'll see more cattle pushed out into 2013. The key number, going forward again, is what is 2012 calf crop that's 2014 supply. So we'll buffer out as best we can and we're looking at that on a continual basis as well. But it is very interesting that we process that many fewer head in the first 7 months of our fiscal year.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So Jim, there's obviously a lot of negative headlines on Beef as you know. And it seems like, at least from the investor side, there's concerns about '13. Now you've said fiscal '13, you don't expect supplies to be a major issue. Can you -- I mean, when would you be sort of comfortable enough to say something about margins for fiscal '13? I mean, I know it's a dynamic situation, but assuming demand's relatively stable, shouldn't we have a pretty good environment for Beef margins in '13?
James V. Lochner: I thought we should have in '12, but it didn't work out that way in Q1 and Q2. So we had a couple of strange issues, one on last -- on Q1, the demand pushed for high-quality cattle, pushed that spread up. And then in Q2, when you have this much demand destruction for an unwarranted publicity on beef and it was surprising how much that put pressure on ground Beef and trim and then the rest of the cuts. But absent any of those, and I don't foresee anything more happening on Beef on the negative side from a demand standpoint other than basically the normal economic factors, and the fact that I think we could push a few more fed steers and heifers out in front of us. 2013 could be a very decent year. I'm more concerned about the out front year 2014, particularly with this year's calf crop and the cowherd that was down almost 1 million heads last year. So that's the concern, and then how much heifer retention will occur, between now and then will take fed steers and heifers up. So we've got a lot of moving parts to call before we can get too far out front on calling what we think will happen in 2013.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just on Chicken, if I may, just following up on some earlier question. So has profitability been better each month throughout this year? I mean, has it sort of been moving up pretty consistently?
Dennis Leatherby: Yes. I'm trying to think real quick...
James V. Lochner: Yes. [indiscernible] Again, it's improved every month.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. So then just -- I mean, you’ll caution, you mentioned, in terms of the possibility of margins being above normal at some point this year. Your caution is just on demand, right? But, let's say, demand is relatively stable to even up over the next 6 months, I mean, what kind of potential does Chicken have?
Donnie Smith: You ought to feel good about it. It's hard to say what this good demand mean and that kind of thing, right? So I'm going to say we have the potential as the environment stands today to end the year in the range in Chicken. And so what that's going to mean is a strong back half. We had a 1.5 or so for Q1. We've got a 5 for Q2, so do the math. We've got to be well up into the upside of the range later. We're facing some -- the possibilities of some pretty strong QSR chicken promotions this summer. We think that's going to be advantageous to us. So hey, my cautionary note is what, if anything, is $4 gas going to do and that kind of thing. But if that stuff doesn't happen, we're positioned very well for the year.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one last one on Chicken more sort of medium to long-term. One of your competitors always has made a bet on sort of exporting the back half of the Chicken, while it seems like your positioned well even if some of the demand in the U.S. increases on dark meat, I mean it seems like your investing to add value to the back half of the Chicken, even in the U.S. I mean, is that -- are you taking a bet either way, I mean -- or are you going and you're just increasing flexibility in your plans to take advantage of either situation? I mean, just trying to clarify.
Donnie Smith: Well yes, we're taking a bet. And we see there's an opportunity domestically to grow dark meat sales in lots of forms. In areas that have had a traditional Beef and Pork meat bought, whether it's a sausage, pepperoni, et cetera, et cetera. Dark meat chicken has a play there in lunchmeat, there's obviously great opportunity there. So yes, we are definitely moving value-added dark meat domestically and internationally, too. I mean, we keep an eye on all those markets constantly. We have a very diverse selling program and lots of different geographies. And we think that gives us the best opportunity to drive the best whole bird return for every bird we grow.
Operator: Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I have a question on the retail market. From what we see in our data, retailers are really keeping the price of particularly Pork and Beef exceptionally high and really expanding out those retail margins, and that's pressuring profitability of the protein producers. And could you talk about what you expect demand going forward at retail if you expect pricing to moderate at all this summer? And how you expect those margins for processors and yourself in Pork and Beef to progress as the summer goes by?
Donnie Smith: You're right. Higher retails have dropped volume. As I mentioned a little earlier in the call, Beef down 9%. Ground Beef, of course, a lot of that had to do with LFTB was down 7%, Pork down 3%, Chicken flat. Frankly don't expect a whole lot of change. We seem to be seeing a little bit of resistance at a composite cut out of about 90 plus. So that may stem some pricing. But as for us, we have all that factored in and the margins that we're talking about and feel pretty good that at the end of the day, we're going to be able to deliver above what we're saying.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: You still think $2 is possible even with a tough retail environment?
Donnie Smith: We've got work to do. But yes, it's possible.
James V. Lochner: One comment on retail is that last year, as those wholesale prices inflated and they lagged pushing retail, this year they're trying to get ahead of it. It's as simple as the market's doing its job. And the retailer has costs, too, and they have margin expectations. So they're passing on the wholesale prices, and if it decreases pounds then it adjust wholesale prices. I mean, that's the way the market works.
Donnie Smith: Yes, the biggest pounds are down in the categories where we spread business. So we adjust to that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Do you expect livestocks in terms of cattle and hog prices to reflect that retail demand over the back half of your year?
Donnie Smith: Repeat your question?
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So the back half of the year, given where cattle prices are and hog prices are, you think you can make your target margins and hit $2 despite the tough retail pricing environment?
Donnie Smith: Yes. Yes.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just my second question is you've announced an increase in your share repurchase program, could you just share with us how aggressively you plan to execute that program and if you have any time horizons in mind for share repurchase?
Donnie Smith: The reason we increased the authorization is we were down to 7 million shares, and we acquired 15 million over the last 12 months so we needed to increase the authorization. As far as the rate of purchases, that really isn't going to change too much. We're focused on our liquidity. We need a lot of liquidity in our business. And we also have a couple of big maturities coming up in the next 2 years. So with $1.7 billion in liquidity, that's more than sufficient to cover those maturities and run our business well. So we'll just -- we'll let our liquidity determine how much we buy each quarter and we'll respond accordingly.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. So no time horizon that you've established?
Dennis Leatherby: No.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I think everything has been asked and more. So about the 2, I guess, pieces of debt that are coming due, can you give us the timing on that? And what do you think that might do to your interest expense? Do you expect to refinance? Can we look at fiscal '13 interest expense as going lower right now?
Dennis Leatherby: Fiscal '13 interest expense will be pretty much the same. There were -- 2 maturities or actually in the early part of fiscal 2014 so the big drop will come mostly -- a big jump will occur in '14 and then in '15, it'll be a really big jump of more than $100 million. In terms of how we're going to handle it, at some point in the future, we'll fund part of it with a bond offering or some other kind of capital raise. I'm not sure when we're going to do that since we have enough liquidity today.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. It just seems like the way I model it, you're going to have a lot of cash flow building up on your balance sheet -- a lot of cash building up, and if you're going to wait all the way until '14. So getting back to Farha's question, is there any sense of urgency to -- is there any thought anyway to increasing the share repurchase authorization beyond $35 million?
Dennis Leatherby: No, at this point, no. But hey, love having the options that great cash flow gives you. We've announced, I think, very recently, our expansion in Sedalia, Missouri. We've spent about just something shy of $50 million in Council Bluffs on our pepperoni dry sausage plant. We've got great opportunity within our business to continue to grow and get into new categories. And it gives us great resources to be able to grow our business. Now we've also got great options in buying back stock, debt reductions, acquisitions when they come about, all those type of things. So what we're trying to do is give ourselves options and you can see that those options are piling up.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I ask one follow-up. You mentioned lunchmeat and sausage, there is a pure play domestic lunchmeat and sausage company that's going to have an analyst day coming up. Why get into lunchmeat and sausage now? You've been in it before, why the strategic push now?
Donnie Smith: Well, we have been for quite some time. I mean, when IBP bought up all of the businesses that made up Foodbrands America, a lot of those businesses, several plants were lunchmeat and sausage. It's a good business, a good category. We have in our lunchmeat business, we've not performed like we should. Our team has done a great job getting that business turned around and getting our cost structure right. And we found that we can compete in that category. We're good at it. Our customers depend on us. We're a pretty large private label lunchmeat supplier today and sell a lot of own-brand lunchmeat, deli meats, that type of thing. So we've been in it, we're pretty good at it and we're going to grow it.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Zaslow with BMO.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So obviously, the fiscal year is an arbitrary date. Pretty much everybody has different dates. But if I look at your guidance or your implied guidance, your run rate is much above the $2 run rate, right? Because you're -- the first half of the year is below that. Is there anything that takes you off that run rate above the $2 number beyond 2012 and 2013?
Donnie Smith: No, not really.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, that's what I thought. The second question I have is in terms of the Chicken margin structure. This year it's $125 million in savings. What are you guys looking for in terms of your next leg of savings into 2013 and beyond? Is there more programs then being instituted with the CapEx funding? Can you talk about that?
Donnie Smith: A little early yet. Our folks will begin planning the 2000 fiscal year late this month, early June. And we will have our savings projections and those types of things in the August, September time period. We always asked our businesses to have that in front of us before we begin the fiscal year. So you’re about a quarter early. We do see potential down the road, but it's a little bit too early to quantify.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But we should expect to see another -- some sort of program into 2013 of...
Donnie Smith: Every segment of our business, we are always looking for ways to maximize our operating efficiencies and continue to drive our business performance through executional excellence.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And just final question, you don't consider this year a good operating environment year or do you?
Donnie Smith: No. No. I mean, we -- let's just take a segment. Take Chicken, for example, I mean, last year it probably absorbed 800-plus in corn and then maybe another 200 in other Prepared Foods and another couple hundred in raw material increases. This year, you're probably going to absorb 250 million, 300 million more, plus obviously you've had LFTB and all these other issues that have come up in the Beef segment. So no, this has been far from an ideal operating environment.
James V. Lochner: Q2 felt like we just got beat up every week on an issue. I mean, it was something every week and we came through it. Well when it was all said and done, fairly well.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit about how you're Chicken results compare to what you see in Agri Stats? Just trying to get a sense of how much your self-help stuff and so forth is helping.
Donnie Smith: We do look at multiple benchmarking services. I would tell you that our performance has continued to improve. Now there's always ups and downs month-to-month. Frankly there's a couple of things in Q2 that we were a little bit disappointed in, in our Chicken segment but the team did a great job and pulled it out. So we're at or approaching top quartile performance. And of course, we have a multitude of plants probably 30-something locations that factor into our average, 32 I think. So to have an average of 32 locations in the top 1/3, top quartile of that is pretty solid performance.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And maybe just as a follow-up to that, could you discuss sort of where the lowest quartile is? And I guess what I'm just trying to understand is that your margins are obviously back where they are. And you think that they could get better going forward. You also talked about maybe there being a big corn crop coming and you sounded a little more positive on breast meat, which has sort of been one of the things that's holding back margins. And we are seeing -- I know you think production's going to be down 4% this year, but we are seeing -- sequentially egg sets are increasing. So I guess I'm just wondering, maybe over the next 12 months, are you at all concerned that we're going to get back into an environment where supply is going to start increasing again in a meaningful way or is the bulk of the industry just not at a point yet where that's even worth worrying about?
Donnie Smith: Well, just one quick point of clarification. Sets and placements aren't necessarily increasing but the comparator versus a year ago is tightening up because of when we began to cut back last year. So the...
James V. Lochner: A year ago we were at 208. Last week, we dropped it down back down like a 190...
Donnie Smith: 200 to 198. But hey, I really don't want talk about our performance. We have seen great increases in our live performance, our team has done a very good job. We continue to make great progress in our labor efficiencies, line efficiencies. Our yields are better. Just all aspects of our conversion costs continue to improve partly because of the capital that we've been able to spend. But also our folks are very innovative and they're constantly pressing on analytics and finding new ways to innovate processes to continue to outpace the others. And we’ve built great customer loyalty. We continue to expand on that. We want to be seen as our customers' go-to supplier and I think that is also a very key component. So it's a very balanced approach. It's a combination of lots of things that have come together and we've got, I think, great opportunity, looking forward.
Operator: And our next question is from a Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Donnie, just a follow-up. I've heard you say case ready was doing well, and every couple of years we get excited about case ready, I'm wondering if it's time for something happening there in particular or if this just was kind of a one-off?
Donnie Smith: Steady growth, business does well. We're -- hey, we're very good at case-ready beef and pork. And their value-added line is doing well and adding to their business. That's a great team around a great business. The retailers view it as an important part of making sure that their sales presence in their category stays and stays healthy. And our team has done a super job, not only in terms of the quality of the product offering, but also in the service. Our on-time delivery, our order fill rates are just, just phenomenal. So we've got a great team around that business and it continues to grow progressively.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And I remember you making comments maybe last quarter about how Memorial Day weekend last year was a disappointment. And I assume that you'd know a lot about what the Memorial Day order book looks like right now or it's coming together right now. Can you characterize the year-over-year on that?
Donnie Smith: Certainly better than last year. And it's interesting because gas prices, gasoline prices actually peaked higher than they did a year ago sooner, about by maybe 6 weeks or so. And in terms of an average have taken more disposable income out of consumers products for longer this year and yet it feels like to us, the Memorial Day weekend should certainly outpace last year's by a pretty good margin. So we feel good going into the summer grilling season. I can't tell you -- Pork demand's a little bit slow. But again, it's a spread business and the other categories are doing fine.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Is the positive weather -- has that been a factor for kind of getting grilling season going early?
Donnie Smith: Yes it's got to help.
Operator: And our final question today is from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on what you just referenced, the slower near-term demand for Pork. Do you know what's behind that?
James V. Lochner: Let me jump in a little bit on that. The retail has been down slightly, but your biggest wholesale drops have been in bellies, which basically, I do think market did its job there. High-priced bacon actually decreased consumption, et cetera, so that put pressure on the belly complex. The biggest disappointment though overall is hams, and export ham stayed up fine and it was domestic consumption of ham products that came down putting pressure on that. And then trimmings actually have also had a major hit on the wholesale side, which I think is a combination of the beef trim correction that we saw from LFTB, as well as the fact that pigs have been very heavy and there's been ample supply and we've probably seen a pull back and have seen a pull back in some of the Food Service consumption on pizza products that support that market.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you referenced in your comments about overall industry for chicken production to be down 4% still for the year. What is Tyson's -- what is your production right now for Chicken? Estimate?
Donnie Smith: We'll be down that or just a tad more. And thanks for joining us today and for your continued support of our company. I'm excited about the opportunities ahead of us in the second half of fiscal '12 and beyond. And I'm confident in our team's ability to execute against our plan. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jon Kathol. You may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' Conference Call for the first quarter of our 2012 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. Because our shareholders' meeting is this morning, we have to end the call by 9:15 Central. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Our first quarter earnings were $0.42 a share compared to $0.78 for the first quarter of 2011. Now keep in mind that our Q1 last year was the best quarter in company history. And although the comparison is unfavorable, Q1 of '12 is still equal to our second best Q1 ever. Our biggest challenge in Q1 came in our Beef segment, which had an operating margin of only 0.9%. There are a lot of moving parts to what's happening there, and we'll have Jim get into those details in his remarks.  The Chicken segment's improving with a 1.2% return on sales. And although that's still well below the normalized operating margin range, we're pleased with the progress from Q4, as lower supplies have supported pricing. Supply and demand appear to be in balance, and we have positioned ourselves well from that perspective. So we're staying cautiously optimistic for now, but we need to keep a careful eye on the impact price increases may have on demand, and remain flexible so as not to overproduce consumer demand for our products. Our Pork segment continues to do exceptionally well and had an 11.2% return on sales in Q1. Our outlook remains favorable for our Pork segment to continue to perform very well. Prepared Foods has made a lot of progress, even while facing high raw material pricing, and earned a 5.9% return on sales for the quarter, which is at the top end of our normalized range.  Now taking a look at the macro environment, consumer confidence and spending improved in the last part of calendar 2011 as expected. According to the Conference Board Consumer Research Center, consumers are more optimistic that business conditions, employment prospects and their financial situations will continue to get better. But it's still too soon to tell if this is a rebound from earlier declines or a sustainable shift in attitudes.  According to the Perishable Group data, while dollar sales of fresh meat at retail were up 3% versus last year, volume was down a little over 5%, led by beef and pork, down 8% and 7%, respectfully [ph], while chicken pounds were about flat. Our view is that this trend will continue. Bacon and lunchmeat sales were stronger in Q1 versus last year, again driven by price improvement. And the frozen breaded category showed a slight decline. Industry indicators show that modest improvement and potential for food service in 2012, however. Real sales growth has been consistently positive for the last 2 years. Forecasts for 2012 call for a 0.7% growth in commercial traffic. Major QSR change, supermarket delis, education and hospitals are the sources of growth and are expected to continue to grow faster than the rest of the industry.  Operators are leveraging dayparts, including snacks and breakfast. And we have been and will continue helping our customers develop products to fit into those meal locations. The ideal proposition is offering better food at a better price. Consumers seem to be moving away from the dollar menu to more moderately priced items such as nuggets, strips, breaded chicken sandwiches and pizza, and the industry is providing the quality cues that justify paying a little more. Our product development opportunity is to deliver good and better for an acceptable value, and we've positioned ourselves to be on a leading edge as we see changes in the marketplace. Now turning to international. We're excited about the progress we're making, especially in China. As we mentioned last time, our CapEx plan in 2012 is larger than previous years, in part to build company-owned live production in China. We began operations in Jiangsu in November, and the start-up is on schedule. We're very optimistic about the prospects for our China operations. We have a great customer base there, and we're building the team to execute our operating and selling strategies.  Another part of our CapEx plan includes adding a second shift to our Brazilian plants, and we're executing that plan. We're very pleased with the progress of our operations in Brazil. In addition, good economic conditions are supporting domestic prices, as well as increasing demand for more value-added products. And with a favorable foreign exchange rate, export sales from Brazil are becoming more cost competitive. As for U.S. domestic protein availability, our view is largely unchanged as the global demand for protein continues to grow, and U.S. exports remain strong. The production cuts in the poach industry made in the past year, along with the decline in beef supplies, will be partially offset by an increase in pork and turkey availability, leading to what we think will be a 1% to 2% decline in domestic availability of protein in 2012. Now moving on to the total company outlook. On our previous call, we forecasted our earnings in 2012 to be in excess of $2. We still feel pretty good about coming in around the $2 mark, but we think it would be overly optimistic to say "in excess of" at this point because of the headwinds we're currently facing in beef, not to mention the volatility in the grain markets. Several things have to go right in our segments, but we're optimistic and we've positioned our business to make things go right for us more often than not. We're more flexible, and with our strong balance sheet, we're better able to react to change and seize opportunities. And that's what we're focused on now.  That concludes my opening remarks. I'll turn it over to Jim for a review of our segment results and then followed by Dennis with the financial report.
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Donnie, and good morning, everyone. The Pork segment continued to perform very well with an 11.2% return on sales and $165 million in operating income. We continue to manage our revenue to operating cost through mix, price and efficiency while managing the total revenue to hog cost spread. We believe export demand will remain strong, and we think hog supplies will increase slightly to 1% to 2% year-over-year. We expect our Pork segment to continue to perform well throughout the balance of year, but it is unlikely for the results to stay at the Q1 levels.  Our Prepared Foods segment had a very good quarter with a 5.9% return on sales and $51 million in operating income. One of the standout products in Prepared Foods is Wright Brand Bacon. We increased points of distribution by nearly 10,000 locations across the country in fiscal '11, and given the strength of the Wright Brand, we plan on extending it to other categories in the next few months. Although input pricing for Prepared Foods will continue to be an issue, we expect ongoing operational improvements and increased sales prices to offset rising raw material costs. We expect our results for the Prepared Foods segments to be in the normalized range for the fiscal year. Turning to the Chicken segment. We continue to see improvement as a result of pricing and mix as we grow value-added and shrink our commodity sales. We had a 1.2% return on sales and $32 million in operating income, compared to a negative 2.9% and a loss of $82 million in Q4. Chicken should gain momentum throughout the year, and we still expect to achieve $125 million in operational efficiencies this year, including live production improvements. If supplies stay in line, we have the potential for our Chicken segment to be at the low end of the normalized range in the second half of fiscal '12. Egg sets continue to be down 5% to 6% year-over-year in recent weeks, and pullet placements were down 7% on average over the past 3 months as total supplies remain pulled back. We expect to remain disciplined in our placements and production to manage our supply relative to our demand forecast and manage the overall revenue relative to the new norm in feed input costs. In the Beef segment, we made $31 million in operating income or 0.9% return on sales, compared to $118 million and 3.4% in Q4. I saved the Beef segment for last because there's a lot to cover and it's important to understand what drove margin compression in Q1 and why we think it will recover. While you're listening to this industry data, keep in mind that Tyson still has the same people and plants that lead us to raise our normalized margin range in May 2010 and the same focus on execution that produced results in and above that range every quarter until now. So I have every confidence in our team's ability to deal with the current circumstances. First, let's cover some obvious observations about Q1. USDA reported beef carcass revenue increased 1.8% over the fourth quarter, while cattle costs increased 7.1%. Year-over-year, beef carcass revenue increased 15.9%, and cattle costs increased 22.2%. The major driver behind the revenue increase was choice and higher middle meats. This increased the choice select spread to an average of $17.30 per hundredweight compared to $7 in Q4 and $8 in Q1 of last year. Demand for choice and higher middle meat cuts usually increases before the holidays and decreases just after the holidays. This fall of spread was driven by -- was driven higher by a 3.6% reduction in the total steers and heifers process and a 1% lower grading of the whole population. This resulted in 5% fewer choice animals available. The choice select revenue spread increases because higher grading meat was in greater demand. Market prices for the higher grading cattle drove up the average price for all cattle, even for the lower grading cattle where the revenues did not warrant price paid. The quality and yield grade of cattle vary tremendously from lot to lot. The price paid needs to reflect the value difference, but spot market prices did not reflect the true value differences. Simply put, the select cutout did not keep pace, and the average cost of cattle increased beyond what the select cattle revenue justified. This compressed margins in Q1. Tyson actually processed 4.6% fewer head than a year ago in an effort to maintain overall margins. Let's look at what's happening in Q2. The choice selects difference quickly adjusted back to the $5 to $7 range. Cattle costs declined, reflecting the decreased overall cutout, and then margins expanded. The next week, the cutout declined faster than expected and cattle costs increased, creating margin compression again. In a spread business like beef packing, the revenues ultimately determine what the raw material cost will bear. We attempt to forecast revenues 2 to 3 weeks in advance and project what cattle should cost to manage the margin. This current revenue cost aberration will correct as weekly slaughter rates adjust.  We originally expected to see fiscal '12 fed steer and heifer slaughter decrease by 1% to 2% based on the 2010 calf crop trend and the trend line in heifer retention. Since the industry processed 3.6% fewer animals in our first quarter and the cattle on feed report implies they are still in the pipeline, we anticipate availability of fed steers and heifers to be adequate or even greater for the balance of fiscal '12. As a result, we expect our beef margins to improve through the quarter and throughout the year. I would like to comment on the January cattle inventory report. It showed a 2011 calf drop of 35.3 million, which is our fiscal 2013, a part of our 2014 fed steer and heifer supply. This was close to analysts' forecast showing a 1.1% decline. We did see a 1.4% increase in the beef heifer numbers, implying some modest herd rebuilding. The beef cow inventory, however, was down 3.1%, reflecting the drought-accelerated losses the last 6 months. The declining future supply suggests probable changes in the feeding and packing industry in future years. Again, our plants are located in the historically competitive feedlot regions in the country. In conclusion, I'll say that our Beef business -- excuse me, I'll say that all our business units understand the revenue and cost drivers. They are projecting forward demand scenarios and revenues in all segments and matching supplies to demand to manage margins. I want to thank them for their attention to the details and focus on quality and customer service.  With that, I'll turn it over to Dennis.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie mentioned in his remarks, we reported Q1 earnings of $0.42 per share. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months was just over 15%. Capital expenditures were $182 million for the quarter, reflecting numerous capital projects that will continue to benefit us in the future in both our domestic and foreign operations with enhanced production and labor efficiencies, improved yields and sales mix. Our operating cash flow remained strong at $338 million for Q1. Including cash, net debt was just under $1.4 billion, down nearly $100 million from fiscal 2011. Total liquidity was $1.7 billion, well above our minimum goal of $1.2 billion. Gross debt remained at $2.2 billion. Gross debt to EBITDA for the last 12 months was 1.4x. On a net debt to EBITDA basis, this measure was 0.9x. During the first quarter, we acquired 1.8 million shares for $35 million under our share repurchase program. To date, we have repurchased 11.5 million shares since we reactivated this program, which is about 3% of our outstanding shares. Over time, we are likely to repurchase the remaining 11 million shares under the current authorization of this program, which would bring the total reduction of our outstanding shares to about 6%. Our effective tax rate for Q1 was 35.8%. So let's review our outlook for fiscal 2012. Revenues are expected to exceed $34 billion, driven largely by raw material prices and continued tight domestic protein availability. We expect net interest expense to be approximately $185 million, down $46 million from fiscal 2011. The effective tax rate should be about 36%. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the first quarter was 376 million. This reflects the dilutive share effect totaling 5 million for options and 4 million for convertible bonds, which will fluctuate depending on our stock price performance. CapEx should be around $800 million to $850 million. This reflects continued spending focused on improving the efficiency and competitiveness of our domestic and foreign operations, while also continuing to build out our foreign businesses, especially China. In closing, 2012 is off to a solid start given the challenges we were faced with involving chicken industry fundamentals and difficult beef market conditions. All segments were profitable in Q1 despite those challenges, and we are pleased to see our Chicken business return to profitability and continue to improve. We are confident we will come through this year strong as we continue to focus on our areas of our business we can control: our cost structure, efficiencies and our desire to help our customers innovate and grow their business.  This concludes our prepared remarks, and I'll ask the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm still a little bit surprised though, given how few cattle are out there and how low capacity utilization around the packing industry may be, that you're guiding within your normalized range for the back half of the year. I'm just curious, is there something else in your guidance maybe beyond the return to normal in that choice select supply and gradings and prices in the other items you mentioned? Or maybe you're expecting a competitor to close a plant. Do you see some year-on-year comparisons maybe we don't? Any, I guess, further insights there would be appreciated.
James V. Lochner: Well, let me start with your comment that cattle supplies are markedly lower or the implied that they are markedly lower. A lot of times, what people miss is, we're dealing with a 2-year lag of the calf crop. And if you really look at what the calf crop has been, we're dealing right now with the remainder of '12 or calendar year's '10 calf crop, which is 35.7 million. That's not a big decrease compared to the last 2 years. It's what we've been saying, in that range of about 1%. And that will always be dependent upon also what cattle are imported, as well as heifer retention. And -- so I don't see this big decrease. And then I wanted to point out furthermore we saw in acnodes [ph] in that period, we saw substantial pullback in industry numbers. We also cut back 4.6% year-over-year. So those cattle on feed are still in the pipeline. We didn't process them to the same rate we had in prior years, in the Q1 period. And then in the last 5 weeks, we're also running substantially below a year ago. So we're pushing cattle out front. And what really happened is, cattle got higher-priced than the revenue was warranting. Part of that was really driven -- when you look back in arrears, that the choice select spread got wide. We had a false sense of security of what the revenue on the wholesale prices was bringing as the normal choice, middle meat choice and higher middle meat, which is the rib meat, strip meat and tenderloin meat, increased. And then when it seasonally correct, we were out of balance, and that's what caused this margin compression. So I'm not as concerned in the fiscal year of '12 that we're going be tight in supply. But as we look forward and we look at the calf crop of 2011 and we look at the projected calf crop for 2012, that's my comment basis. We'll probably see some adjustments going forward. So hopefully that answered the bulk of that question, why I'm fairly very optimistic we'll get this back, because we don't see the year-over-year big declines and we process fewer head in the acnodes [ph] in the last 5 weeks.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That is helpful. Just as a follow-up, are you -- the implication there may be -- and then we're looking way too far out here, but for fiscal '13, we should see a steeper decline. Or is it just too early to tell?
James V. Lochner: Well, fiscal '13 was last year's calf crop of 35.3 million, which was down from the prior year of 35.7 million. So, again, it will be dependent upon imported feeder cattle, which I don't see adjusting appreciably, and then whatever heifer retention shifts there are. And that's what we'll be monitoring.
Operator: Our next question is from Christina McGlone-Hahn from Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, I understood what you were saying about the calendar fourth quarter, but I don't really understand what happened then as we came into January, why margins are so bad. And if the cattle -- if you've been running short slaughter schedules and the cattle are there, then why is it so tight? And why are margins so bad right now? And then, won't heifer retention just make the situation worse in '12?
James V. Lochner: Let me answer the back half of that question first, which heifer retention or the fed steer heifer supply, those decisions were made quite a bit earlier than -- those cattle are in the feedlot, not out in the field as replacement heifers. So we were watching that. That didn't show a major shift in the last 6 months. We're seeing a shift in the animals killed the last 6 months but not the animals placed. Now why did margins get so out of whack in January? Again, we came through tighter margins, pulled back supplies through the November-December period and a very high choice cutout that quickly corrected, which set, all through the acnodes [ph] period, a higher cattle cost that was built on the premise that the choice select spread was higher. That also drove up the average cost of all cattle. And, again, the mandatory price reporting groups don't always reflect the true value differences in cattle. So simply said, the overall cattle costs were higher than the revenue bear-ed and -- or warranted throughout that whole time frame. And when we came through the first couple weeks of January, the kill came back up, and it appears that we all missed the revenue. We missed it. It declined a lot faster, and all of a sudden, cattle went up. In 1 week, the revenue declined and the cattle costs went up. And now we're starting to fight through how to get that back in line. But, again, the promising component to me is, we're coming through. We're building up cattle. We're not short supplies out front, and we'll just have to watch what the revenue will bear. And we did see the choice select spread quickly compress back down into the $4 to $5 zone -- $4 to $5 a hundredweight zone. So when you have that margin compression like we had, it takes a couple of weeks' lag time for it to correct that. And we've got our kills way pulled back in an effort to manage margins. So hopefully that gives you a little more explanation on that.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, that's really helpful. I mean, I guess just my follow-up is, what do you think in terms of beef prices if you look at the scenario that Donnie laid out with meat availability? It should augur for higher beef prices, but yet it seems to hit a wall on the choice, maybe at around 195 or a little bit lower than that. Do you think that demand just stops there? Or will we eventually get above that level? Because you need it well above 200 for people in the chain to make money.
James V. Lochner: Well, as I said in my comments and a couple of times, in the end, we're trying to forecast what we think the revenue will be and buy cattle accordingly. In the end, what happens on wholesale prices is if meat's clearing the system and there is more -- the pipeline is empty, prices go up and vice versa. And I know most analysts and charts I've seen have shown some pretty strong resistance on a choice cutout of 195. So we'll have to see. A lot of that depends upon domestic availability and what the domestic and the export disappearance are looking like. So right now, it looks like there's been some price resistance, keeping in mind that all through '09, '10 and '11, we raised prices substantially.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess my question would just be -- I appreciate all the detail on beef, and you obviously have a lot of conviction in your outlook. But if it's 2 or 3 or 4 quarters from now and things came in differently than you expected, when you guys sit around and do your plan, what are you worried about could happen that could make your beef forecast not correct?
James V. Lochner: Well, we had a long list of things that I was worried about, and that's what we try to anticipate, a variety of different scenarios relative to how we're managing our forward sales, our pricing risk, our buying strategies. And we're looking at the big picture. That's why we spend a lot of time looking at the real supply chain drivers and the lag times that are out there. But as I've pointed out, we've seen this 0.5% to 1% decline in the calf crop. The biggest thing that bothered me was simply that the beef cow inventory dropped fairly quick. The beef cow slaughter numbers didn't -- were only up 175,000 the last 12 months, yet the overall cow number dropped 967,000. So we'll feel that in 2012's calf crop, which will be 2014's fed steer and heifer supply. So -- and we got plenty of time to look at adjustments and how that influences the overall psychology of the market and the overall supply chain.
Operator: Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: When you look at beef, Feb and March tend to be the weakest demand months for beef. Feb and March tend to be sort of the calendar weakest demand periods for beef. So as you're trying to push up prices, seasonally that's going be tough. Do you anticipate you can get the margin turnaround in time to report a positive beef number in the March quarter on the operating line?
James V. Lochner: We started January, as you know, with a tougher scenario, and again, that's the whole component. We're not projecting robust beef prices in this time frame. And so, again, in this business, the key is that the raw material costs, that we have to get them down to what the revenue will warrant. And that's the push that's going on. And we do that the way we manage the volume we have every week. So we pull back volume, try to shore up pricing and decrease demand for fed cattle. And that's the way the business works and always has worked.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So if you had to kind of think how long that's going to take, is that going to be sort of a 2-month process, 2-week process? Is it going to be like June, July?
James V. Lochner: I envision -- we have that extreme margin compression in a 1-week period. And I always like to think we can get it back in the same time frame, but it usually doesn't work that way. It's definitely not out over 2 months. So we, again, have our hours pulled way back and trying to hold pricing, get pricing increases and be very selective in our procurement strategies.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just looking at another protein. The chicken markets specifically seem to be lagging a little here to start the year, only in breast. Meat, wings and leg part is obviously doing very well. But I'm a bit curious with this discounting that's happening in the current market and what you think might be driving that. And whether or not it has any significant implications for what you seem to lay out as a pretty good scenario as we head into the spring and summer and more seasonally strong demand. I'm just curious, what could be behind that?
Donnie Smith: Sure, Christine. Breast meat pricing is a bit of a two-edged sword for us. Let me try to explain that. When we build our supply plan, we make sure we balance on whole bird increments and then build in the flexibility to buy some parts as we need them, rather than grow a whole bird when we would only have a good sale for part of the bird. For example, in your scenario, we wouldn't necessarily want to grow a bird for wings and leg quarters and not have a good sale for the rest. So what we do is we balance on a whole bird basis, and that gives us the flexibility to buy breast meat when the breast meat market is soft. And then, of course, when the whole bird revenue model indicates that margins are appropriate, we can grow the bird. So on the buy side, we're currently able to take advantage of these weaker prices. Now, of course, that sword cuts both ways. And the weaker breast meat markets have somewhat of an opposing impact on our finished product sales. But our model differs from commodity models in that across our total portfolio of sales, we experienced more financial impact from changes in dark meat and whole bird prices than we do with breast meat prices. Now that, of course, is in large part due to the stabilizing effect of our greater proportion of value-added sales, which again affirms our strategy of continuing to accelerate growth of our value-added business.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: All right. Then just as a follow-up to that, as you look at your export business, are you still pretty optimistic that we'll maintain these kind of levels based on kind of the short protein supplies that you're seeing in global markets?
Donnie Smith: Christine, there's always intervals at times when pricings are soft, pricing is softer or stronger. But in general, yes, for the rest of our year, we're optimistic about export demand for poultry and feel like that portion of our sales will be favorable for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can we talk about pork? The margins there were much better than I was looking for versus sort of what we track internally on the cutout. Could you talk about what happened there? I know you're guiding for that to be above your normalized range in the back half of the year, but to what extent are exports -- are you benefiting from the exports directly? And just kind of frame what we should expect on pork for the year.
James V. Lochner: The overall benefit on the export, obviously, is the domestic disappearance, and it drove -- that it contributed to drive up wholesale prices because we had a very strong year. We get our fair share and slightly above on the export market, and we try to work very hard at promoting U.S. pork abroad, as do a number of our competitors. And so we're really -- as we manage through our margin, we're paying very close attention to what we think the forward export disappearance looks like, how that fits into the domestic demand and really trying to maximize the revenue for the whole. And, again, our business, we really just put a lot of focus on managing the mix, managing the yields, managing the quality, customer service and staying very close to the market and working through that process. But I do think exports in pork will continue be very strong throughout this fiscal year, and I don't see a major drop-off. I'm hopeful we'll continue to see an increase as we go forward.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, that's not what the USDA is predicting. So what you're seeing right now, in the current market, exports are still robust.
James V. Lochner: USDA, I noticed, was predicting down, but I don't see any major shift other than perhaps in Korea. But I do see other parts of the world picking it up.
Operator: And our next question is from Ryan Oksenhendler with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was just -- I was curious, in terms of your outlook for chicken prices this year, I guess in response to Christine's question, it doesn't sound like you're that bullish on breast meat. You're trying to balancing your model there. But, also, I'm just surprised to see -- when you look at some of the national restaurant accounts talking about their pricing, I mean, Darden said it's going to be down in calendar 2012. I think Wendy's announced that they only expect a 5% increase in chicken prices. So I guess how does that square with you guys getting to normalized margins in the back half of the year?
Donnie Smith: Okay, Ron, while I can't comment on what others might be saying about pricing, I can comment on what we're experiencing. And during this round of pricing, which really is the fall and early winter, we were able to secure higher pricing. And in general, when we were forced to lock in a price for a period of time out front, we were able to build in some kind of relief mechanism, whether that be a grain collar or whatever. So we feel comfortable about our value-added mix and the opportunities that, that gives us to insulate ourselves a little bit from the commodity swings in the market pricing. We get paid for the value that we add to our customers' business. And our quality, our service, our innovative capabilities are really industry-leading. And we are building great customer loyalty, and we're getting paid for that. So I think that's why maybe we sound confident, because we are. Because we feel very comfortable that in concentrating on a customer and adding value to their business, that in turn will add value to our business and our shareholders.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So I guess what would be the biggest risk, then, for you guys getting to that target in the back half of the year?
Donnie Smith: I probably would have to say grain, although I could tell you, in the current range, we think grain is kind of trading in the upper end of its value range now. And you got to remember, you're probably facing probably a 95-million-acre planted crop coming in front of us, and that's going to be kind of a heavy weight on old crop prices. So I think that is a bit muted. And then we just got to continue to remain focused on providing the innovation and the market solutions that our customers need, and continue to help them grow their business and get through some of these difficult times. And we'll get rewarded with that, with more business and getting paid for the value we add.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: The -- Jim, the pork margins have just been so surprisingly good for so long, and I know you increased the target range recently. But maybe you can give us your thoughts on why, in that particular protein, with supply up a little bit, we just seem to continue to sustain much better margins as opposed to chicken that -- where supply is tightening. And just maybe for Donnie as a follow-up, too. Just this sort of more holistic approach that you've espoused before, where the world's going be tight on protein. And not clear whether you're going to make your money in this one or that one, but overall, the world is going to be tight on protein, and that will firm up margins. Can you kind of touch on that point again, Donnie?
Donnie Smith: Yes, let me jump in there first, and then I'll let Jim obviously talk about pork. But yes, very much, our multi-protein, multi-channel, multinational strategy is, we think, very important. I mean, our model is going to be very successful. As we look around the world, as global demand for protein increases, it gives us great opportunity internationally to grow those businesses, and we're off to a good start. Those are somewhat fledgling businesses but have a very bright future in front of them. And then domestically, I think the beauty of our model is not every protein has to be just perfect all the time for us to deliver great value for our customers and our shareholders. So what we do is, we look to operate every segment of our business, absolutely the most efficiently -- certainly as we can. And our objective is always to be the industry leaders in every single segment. And we have made remarkable progress, I think, in the last 3 years towards getting there. And so if a segment, maybe at the current moment like Beef might be a little bit out of favor, the good news about our business is we've got a great Chicken business, we've got a great Prepared Foods business, operating at the top end of its range. The pricing environment has improved. There's raw material prices have stabilized a little bit. Jim mentioned our growth in our Wright Brand business and our ability to make that brand extensible into other categories. And those are all the things we're working on to continue to deliver this balanced approach to our customers and help them find the solutions they need. So that's my part. Jim?
James V. Lochner: Just real briefly on pork. I mean, the big answer is, we saw the quantities decreased from '08 down into '10, '11, '12. And the whole pork complex is in a reasonably good balance with export, domestic and supplies. And we've always had plants in very good locations. We're very efficient. We know how to manage the mix. We know how to work through our overall yield, our overall quality issues and stay focused on that. And so there's a good balance in the industry, but -- and we really understand the details. I mean, that's why it's worked very well.
Operator: Our next question is from Heather Jones with BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Quick question on Tyson, specifically on its Pork and Beef businesses. For some time, you all have been able to generate pretty large outperformance relative to the industry in both of those segments. And in Q4, that outperformance seemed to narrow pretty significantly. But in this quarter, it widened considerably. And so I guess going forward, I'm just trying to get a sense of, how should we think about this outperformance? Like on an absolute magnitude basis, do you think you can maintain the outperformance this quarter? Or is it going to fluctuate significantly? I just -- if you could give us some color on what you're foreseeing going forward.
James V. Lochner: This is Jim. I'm not sure really how to answer that, other than we really focus on the details and what the forward revenues, what the demands are going forward, and really try to match what we think we're going to run from a supply standpoint and really what we think the raw material or the commodity warrants from a price standpoint. There will be quarter-over-quarter where certain things shipment [ph] adjustments. But we got very good teams that really are very experienced, and we've put a lot of good CapEx on our plants and we stay very efficient. And our plants -- keep in mind our beef plants are located in very good states where there's very good supplies of fed cattle, and same thing in our pork plants. So we have some good location advantages, which has been a long-term strategy from years ago.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So you don't anticipate anything that should change your performance relative to the industry from Q1.
James V. Lochner: No, I don't.
Operator: Our next question is from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to focus on chicken, because I think we've talked about beef enough. So can you help me understand sort of sequentially a couple of moving parts? One is the revenue line and the other is costs. I mean, costs were up seems like $0.10 a pound, $220 million. Would love to know what your projection is on costs as we sit here today. So maybe you can answer that first. And my guess is, sequentially, you're not going to see as much of a drag from higher feed costs. But what is your projection for the year? And how far are you hedged?
Donnie Smith: Okay. Akshay, the overwhelming majority of the cost increase was grain. Now quarter-over-quarter, if you'll remember last Q1, we had a fairly significant increase in hedging for the quarter, and this quarter, we were pretty much flat and with a very, very minimal hedging line, I think $3 million or something like that. So the overwhelming majority of the increased cost in chicken is in the grain. Now offsetting that is our increases in price; improvement in our mix, in other words, selling more value-added items; and then continuing in cost efficiencies. I think we mentioned last quarter that we anticipate another $125 million or so in cost efficiencies for this year. And in Q1, we delivered something on the order of just shy of $25 million of that. So as you look forward, our pricing -- as you can see in this last quarter, our pricing was better, and we feel like that will continue. I agree with you that the year-over-year increases in feed costs are likely to stabilize. And so it's a matter of continuing to improve our mix, continuing to grow our value-added sales, continuing to drive operational efficiencies, and that will, in turn, continue to drive good margins and give us that opportunity in the back half of our year to get our Chicken business back into its normalized range.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But what's the -- how much of your grain cost -- feed and grain cost, which you said were up $220 million in 1Q, what is the order of magnitude for the year? Last year, I think they were up 500. So my guess is we're going to see a major drop-off starting this quarter.
Donnie Smith: No. Actually, the comparison will -- and, hey, what we're using is current basis levels, current futures prices versus a year ago. So just taking the forward curve on futures and basis today and projecting that out for the rest of the year. The impact for our year is an incremental couple of hundred million dollars, which is frankly what you saw in Q1. So for the balance of our year, we really see that impact flat. We don't have projected in a decrease in feed costs because remember, for the 4 quarters which would end in September, the last of those grain purchases are made in July. And so it takes about 8 weeks from the time you ship a train of grain to our feed mills for that to work its way through our cost of goods. So just kind of keep a mental picture that we buy grain through the end of July to secure our cost all the way through Q4. And by the end of July, we have no way to predict at this point what the grain situation is going to look like. Will it be dry or what have you? There's just no way to tell. So we just take the forward curve, and projected forward basis levels are really high right now. Railroads are still charging significant fuel surcharges in the freight rates. So the delivery basis of corn is still really high. So factor all that in, the year-over-year change, we think, is going to be about $200 million.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just on the revenue side, can you help -- I mean, the revenue per pound realized in my estimation was up double digits this quarter, which was just truly exceptional. Can you -- on a year-over-year basis, I mean, is it going to come even close to that? Because if it does, I mean, it looks like to me you could be at the high end of your normalized range if you're going to get 10% increases in revenue per pound, which is what you got in 1Q for chicken.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So there is some portion, although a relatively small portion of our business, that is susceptible to the commodity market pricing. So I can't, with all certainty, tell you what our revenue component is going to look like. I can tell you though that we are getting paid for the value we add. We feel good about our ability to add the value that we need to, to our customers' business to get paid for what we do for them and the solutions we provide them. So I feel good about the revenue. I can't necessarily call it. But I can tell you, we have been able to secure higher prices, and we feel good about our opportunity to continue to do that because of the way we're delivering for our customers for the rest of the year.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Sequentially, if spot market prices improve, which is -- there's a lot of industry observers who believe that will happen. So spot revenue per pound improves from now until the summer, sequentially your revenue per pound realized should also trend that way, correct?
Donnie Smith: Yes, sure.
James V. Lochner: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jim, I was hoping that you could just go back to some of the comments in your prepared remarks about how the beef industry is likely to have to change around some of the dynamics you're seeing in supply pipeline, given shorter cattle supplies down the road. Just maybe you can expand a little bit on how you think the industry might look in 2, 3, 4 years down the road.
James V. Lochner: Sure, I will. The alarming number -- and I was watching very carefully with the drought that we experienced last year, what the impact to the supply, the base of the supply chain being the beef cow herd, would do. And, again, if you're watching beef cow slaughter numbers, you thought, well, will decrease about 175,000 over the last 12 months. But then all of a sudden, we saw this big decline of 967,000, down to a 29.9. And you saw Oklahoma and Texas cow numbers decrease. Now a lot of people think that those states then will have some issues relative to availability of the cattle. Keep in mind, the cattle are fed still in feedlots that are close to the grain with good weather, good water and a good environment. And so we won't see -- we'll continue to see competitive feedlot source feeder cattle, and that's where our plants are located. And if you look at the feedlot placements and when it was all said and done, with the total number, you saw that the upper mid-east region was down considerably. And Texas was up 104. I think Kansas was flat. Nebraska was up. So where I'm headed with this is, the competitive feedlots will continue to feed cattle, and the plants located close to those will continue to have good sources. And that's where, again, we sit in a pretty good relationship to cattle on feed and where the cattle will be available. But long term, that cattle decline will have a structural change on both the feeding industry, likely, and the packing industry.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just also as a follow-up. Hoping maybe you guys could shed a little bit of light on some of the trade issues in the chicken industry that are currently in the press with respect to Mexico. Do you see any issues arising with the challenges to chicken exports?
Donnie Smith: It's too soon to tell. Obviously, we're engaged. Our D.C. office is actively engaged in those conversations. But it's too soon to tell.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you maybe help us frame what's at risk here?
James V. Lochner: I really can't. I mean, obviously, Mexico does buy chicken from the U.S., and an anti-dumping duty would hurt the margin on that. I could tell you from our standpoint, our export sales, I'm going to call it customer portfolio mix, has changed fairly dramatically over the last 12 months. And we're not overly dependent on any one particular market for margin in our export sales. I mean, we've done a great job of diversifying our portfolio. So it may have an impact. I think the impact on our business would -- certainly, there would likely be one, but I don't want to overplay its magnitude.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a couple of questions. I know everyone's been talking about beef. I just have a couple of really quick ones. One is, are you guys actually capturing cattle or getting cattle outside of your typical range of where you normally get it? I guess it's my first question. My second one is, over the next 10 to 20 months, does capacity actually need to come out from the packer industry in order to restore margins, given -- again, I know you're saying it's a slow cattle decline, but I'm assuming over time though that something has to change in the industry. And then third is, I mean, you guys say you're in a soft spat -- spot. What does that actually mean?
James V. Lochner: I didn't follow the third part.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Well, when you say you're in a soft patch for beef packing margins, do you actually lose money? Are you still making money? Are you profitable? I guess just kind of magnitude of what we're actually seeing. That's what I just want to know. But that's actually the least of the 3 important questions.
James V. Lochner: To answer your first question. Are we going outside our region? No. To answer your second question, again, fiscal '12 is interesting going forward. I don't see that we're going be deficit cattle, particularly after we and the industry, looking at the industry number in the Q1 period, process the 3.6% fewer cattle. We processed 4% fewer cattle year-over-year in that quarter. And then in January, the industry's kills have been way pulled back. So we got to be pushing them forward because they are in the pipeline. Now when you go out beyond that, again, the key number I watch is the calf crop projected out for 2 years, and then try to factor in what we think heifer retention is going to be. So do I think the industry is in overcapacity? It's been there before. And looking at the long range out a couple of years with the implied 2012, this calf crop this spring, I'm guessing we'll start to see some adjustments.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So you guys are not...
James V. Lochner: And the third question, yes, this was a rough patch, and I've explained that a number of times. That 1 week, when revenues dropped and cattle costs went up, the spread got way out of whack and it can get messed up like that in a week. And it takes some time, 2 to 3 weeks or more, to get it back in line.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Are you currently in a rough patch? Or are you out of the rough patch?
James V. Lochner: We're currently in a rough patch.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, currently. And then is there...
James V. Lochner: Oh, I'm starting to hear that. That will be our new technical term. How is that?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, I'm not sure exactly how to model it. I was just going to put "RP" [ph] on it, I guess. But in terms of the -- do you think the industry right now -- you don't think the industry is overkill, and you think right now the -- like are you guys running 40 hours a week? Is the industry running 40 hours per week? Can you just talk about what people are actually -- what the industry is actually doing on an hourly basis right now? It seems like, again, from people that I know, it seems like there is a potential that the facilities are being run a little bit harder than they should be.
James V. Lochner: We have not run 40 hours. We've been between 32 and 36 in every plant throughout the year here, through January. But I just looked at the fed steer and heifer kills the last 5 weeks, which I watch very closely: 429 the first week, 493 the second week, 484, 472 and 471 projected for this week. Now that's a good 20,000 to 25,000 lower than a year ago. So the industry is clearly not running anywhere close based on that. I know what we're running, and I can look at that inference and get pretty close. But the industry's running considerably less than 40s and probably considerably less than 36s. And again, you're looking at that additively. Those cattle will have to get -- at some point, get processed. So, again, just really watching the acute numbers and what's going on week-to-week, which is how you really manage these businesses.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You don't think capacity over the next 10 to 20 months has to come out of the industry. You don't think anybody is going to close down or anything is going to change structurally, like what you guys did in, what is it, end of '08 or '09 where you guys actually closed down a facility. You don't think something like that has to happen over the next 10 to 20 months for a restoration of normalized margins.
James V. Lochner: I can't comment on what our competitors because that decision really gets to, is your plant competitive in the region from a revenue cost, size, scale, mix standpoint? And there's a lot of variables. The ones we shut down were knocked -- in '06 and '08, weren't competitive in the regions, and they weren't competitive within our structures. And so that really becomes a key component that you have to look at. And again, looking at the macro play, which I've covered a number of times, I'm just really watching the numbers going forward. In the next few months, it doesn't appear so, but I -- if I had a noncompetitive plant, I'd be looking at it. I mean, that's all I can say. We're looking at our competition and what -- excuse me, our plants from a competitive standpoint on a continuous basis.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just wondering, given the challenges that we've obviously been talking about in the Beef segment, is there any need to adjust production in the Chicken segment in order to make sure that remains profitable and hits that low end of the long-term targeted margin range?
Donnie Smith: Speaking for ourselves, we have a pretty good taste of what oversupply looks like, and certainly we will pause before we risk returning to an oversupply situation. But we really like where we stand. Our supply and demand is very well balanced. We have an opportunity at times to take advantage of buying the parts we might need. So I could tell you that currently, our forecasted demand and our supply plan does not need adjustment. But we look at that constantly, and we will make adjustments as needed.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. One is, have you seen any signs that this plant by Northern Beef is going to open in Aberdeen, South Dakota or not? And then secondly, an international question for Donnie. How much capital have you put into China and Brazil over the years? I'm coming up with a number of about $400 million. And I want to know if I'm close. And when do you think you could get like that 15% kind of return on capital that you said that you've been doing for the rest of the business?
James V. Lochner: I mean, yes, I know that plant in Aberdeen is in some phase of construction. I've not been tuned in to what the projected opening date or startup looks like. I have no idea. I just know it's being built.
Donnie Smith: Rob, on the capital piece, you're really, really close. I mean, that's -- you're all over the number. And I would tell you, on the return, I figure 2 or 3 years or so, we should be at that point. And our Jiangsu plant has started up. The ramp-up is on target. We feel very good about our model. We feel very good about our customer mix in China, who we will be serving, and the product portfolio that we will be serving them with. We're doing a good job so far in getting our production supply chain built out like we want to. So it's going to take some time, but we think 2 or 3 years out, we're there.
Operator: Our next question is from Farooq Hamed with Barclays Capital.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick question for you. I just wanted to walk back through the pork exports expectation, and maybe if you can walk us through -- you made a comment that -- I guess that 2012, they're going keep pace with 2011 export levels. And I'm just wondering how you get there or if you can walk us through the different major regions where you think that the exports will hold pace, just because we had significant disease issues in Korea and China last year. I'm just wondering, could we still see the same export levels this year? And how we get there?
James V. Lochner: Well, that's a good question. But I'm just really looking. And when I referenced, I'm talking our fiscal year and sometimes, people get misaligned a bit because they'll look at the calendar year, which a lot of the other data. But October and November were up 40% year-over-year. So that -- we still saw that strong strength. Now I do think Korea might adjust. But keep in mind, there's a big, long lag phase once you have herd reduction to correct a disease problem like they had. You can't fill that pipeline. In the case of hogs, that's a 19-month recycle. That's why I'm saying it. It's the same thing in China where they had to correct some -- or are doing some liquidation to control some diseases. So that's why -- where I'm at. And a lot of people think you can turn that production cycle back on that quick. But when you just look at it, it's a 19-month to see an increase. And then I'm seeing the residual carryover in October and November numbers that are still very strong. Now do I think they're -- so I'm not pessimistic that we're going to see a decline at all. I'm optimistic that we'll see a gradual incline because those numbers -- those supplies can't be replenished that fast.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But then I guess looking at the 2011 and then maybe the 2012 export levels, longer term or bigger picture, would we see that as kind of being the peak for pork exports in this industry, and then maybe 2013 onwards, we're going to start to see some declines as those herds catch up?
James V. Lochner: I had a really great crystal ball because it's being managed in the business. But the reality is that the U.S. is still a very competitive place to produce pork, and if the dollar and the relativity, the global protein supplies -- or demand continues to increase and outstrip the ability of the supply chain to catch up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have one for Donnie and one for Jim, if I can. Donnie, how happy are you with the Tyson brand's ability? Obviously, it's a great brand, but its ability to succeed across the entire packaged meats aisle in the supermarket. And the reason I'm asking is you have a lot of cash in the balance sheet. There may be some attractive assets coming to market that neatly kind of complement what you do. And I know you can't discuss anything in particular. I'd really just be interested in your thoughts on your current portfolio's ability to play and win, say, in retail breakfast meats, lunchmeats, things like that.
Donnie Smith: That's actually a great question. We have a tremendous amount of confidence in the Tyson brand and its brand promise and our ability to deliver on its brand promise. Now we also have a stable of other regional and national brands that have a brand promise. For example, Jim in his remarks talked about Wright Brand. Wright Brand has really grown in acceptance. He mentioned 10,000 points of distribution last year. That's amazing. And so that brand delivers very well on its brand promise consistently over and over again. So I would not want you to think that we would only use the Tyson brand or the Tyson logo to extend across the meat category. But certainly, you can tell from our comments that having a broad, diverse portfolio of products is very important to our strategy. Now I think -- and I'm going to add a little bit. Maybe it was in the question, maybe not, but over the last couple of years, we've done a great job of strengthening our balance sheet and our balance sheet gives us the flexibility. We use the term around here, "optionality," to be able to buy or to build. And so we have the opportunity to look at any channel, any category, any type of product grouping and decide whether or not we want to build our current assets and then build through that particular category that way, or whether or not we want to buy that -- buy a business that might fill that gap. So I like having those options. It gives us an ability to keep our return on invested capital forefront as we grow our business. And certainly, both of those are very important to our strategy to both grow our business and to keep an acceptable return on invested capital.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then, Jim, you mentioned you're pulling back somewhat on your hours in beef packing. Have you thought about the possibility of maybe going the other way? That is, running your plants even faster to temporarily drive margins down and force a competitor to shut a plant more quickly. Or is that just way too risky a strategy? I realize it's easy for us on this side to think about that. It's a lot harder to actually pull the trigger and it may not even be the right strategy long-term. I'm just curious how you think about that.
James V. Lochner: The simplest answer to that, no. We really try to manage. Over a long run, you got to manage margins. You work on, again, your sales mix, your forward sell, your customer, your premium programs and then you really try to project what the revenues are going to be and what the raw material costs warrants basis that revenue projection. We manage our own business. We don't have a market play in that whole scheme. So I should have just stopped with no, but I gave you a little more color.
Operator: Our next question is from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jim, do you have any -- is there -- do you think we might get a few cattle coming across the border with the Wheat Board decision this summer? Or is it too early to tell what's going to happen there?
James V. Lochner: The economics, I think that changes the dynamic. That's a really good question because we really watch these feeder cattle import numbers, and they supplement that and have been in the pipeline. In recent years, the Canadian number has declined. And so as the Wheat Board decision changes the dynamics of feed wheat availability and the competitiveness of feedlot in Canada versus the U.S., it may. I don't know. It will depend upon what that front-end economics at the point in time, the calves and the cost of gains versus what the deferred futures are looking like in the revenue. But it changes the dynamic. That's very worth watching.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Well -- and just as a second point on that, just given where your plants are, if we do see more cattle coming from Canada, would you say you're better positioned than the rest of the industry because most of your plants are in the North?
James V. Lochner: Well, that will be where the feeder cattle -- I'm guessing it would be a greater -- the issue will be, will there be more imported feeder cattle? And Washington state, as one example, was up appreciably, which we have a plant in Washington. And those cattle would be a lower delivery cost to the upper Midwest from a feeding standpoint. So it would be favorable.
Operator: Our next question is from Christina McGlone-Hahn with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just quickly, Jim, I wanted to confirm that your outlook for pork is still -- you said it's still above normalized because recently, margins have really narrowed, particularly since the fall. And we're showing at times negative on a spot basis. But you still think you can do above -- not only better than the industry, but above normalized.
James V. Lochner: Well, I think what I said was I didn't think we'd be permanently as strong as Q1. But, yes, we expect to be above normalized. Again, I don't see a major shift in that fundamental at all going on.
Operator: Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to get some more color on Prepared Foods. That segment performed extremely well. Is it packaged meats? Is it tortillas? Is it pricing, capacity utilization? And in terms of normalized, do you expect that segment to perform at the higher end of normalized as it was this quarter? Or kind of mid to lower? Just some more color on that would be helpful.
Donnie Smith: Farha, your answer is yes. It is a factor of all of those. The great thing about our Prepared Foods business is that it is so diversified. Our tortilla business is doing very well. Great business in pizza toppings. I would tell you, maybe a weaker part of that segment has been our lunchmeat results. But I'll tell you, we've got a great team around that business. They have absolutely anchored themselves in the fundamentals of the business and are making very, very rapid progress. So we think there's a segment within the segment that has not been performing, that will continue to improve and perform ever -- even better, which makes us feel even more positive about our Prepared Foods segment. So it's coming in all forms. Our mix has improved. We've changed our selling strategies. Our food business has improved. We've -- of course, for a lot of that business, the raw material is beef and pork. And as raw material prices have stabilized, that's allowed some of the lagging pricing mechanisms that we have to catch up. And certainly, that's improved. So it really is a combination of multiple things. But I guess the bottom line to that whole business is a great diversified portfolio, being run very well by an extremely competent team, meets tremendous customer needs. And we feel very positive about our results in that segment.
Operator: Our final question today is from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just want to follow up on chicken. Just Donnie, if I understand it correctly, so you had a $220-million increase in feed costs. Sequentially, you won't have that going forward. So that's about an 8% margin impact, right, on your sales. So my understanding is, going forward, the cost side is getting better sequentially. And on the revenue side, I have a question for you, which is, if I say breast prices are going to be at $1.85 in the summer and leg quarters remain at $0.50 and the whole bird price goes into the mid-90s, is there any reason to believe then that Tyson would not be at the high end of normalized range by the end of the -- by the summer? Or am I missing something in the mix or fixed price contracts or something like that?
Donnie Smith: No, you're right on your market prices. We feel great. Akshay, one thing on your cost model. Think stabilized, not improving.  So listen, we have to run, but thanks for joining us today and obviously for your continued interest in and your support of our company. We've got to head off to the shareholders' meeting right now. So we just hope you all have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-11-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jon Kathol - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary James V. Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital, Research Division Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William Sawyer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: I'd like to thank participants for holding. [Operator Instructions] I'd also like to inform participants today's call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Jon Kathol. Thank you. You may begin.
Jon Kathol: Good morning, and thank you, for joining us today for Tyson Foods' Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and 2011 Fiscal Year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone, and thanks, for joining us today and I'd like to welcome John to his first earnings call as our new Vice President of Investor Relations. Our fourth quarter earnings were $0.26 a share compared to $0.57 last year, on record sales of $8.4 billion. Operating income was down $219 million versus Q4 of FY '10, driven by the $223 million change year-over-year at the Chicken segment. Now, I should quickly add that our Chicken business absorbed $315 million in additional input cost during Q4 versus the same quarter last year, and when the dust settled, the Chicken segment finished the quarter with a loss of $82 million or a negative 2.9% return on sales. The Beef segment was in the middle of its normalized range for the quarter at 3.4% return on sales, Pork was at the top end of its range or 7.9%, and Prepared Foods had a 3.4% return on sales for Q4, which is just under its normalized range. Let's come back to the Chicken segment for a minute. We told you last quarter that we would lose money in Q4, and unfortunately, that was the case. But I'd like to give you some perspective on our performance. July and August were possibly the worst months in the chicken industry has experienced in one of the worst years in industry history. As for us here at Tyson, we dug a hole for ourselves in July. August improved but were still negative. September was better yet, and we were profitable as we started Q1, and we've been positive every week since. So now let's review our overall results for the year. For fiscal '11, our adjusted EPS was $1.89 or $1.97 on a GAAP basis, which is the second-best in company history. We have record sales of $32.3 billion, reflecting increased volumes of 1.7%, price increases of near 12% and operating cash flows of about $1 billion. Even though these results were below last year, I'm very pleased with our results, especially considering the business environment. Demand was flat as unemployment hovered around 9% mark, and of course, your all familiar with the input headwinds we faced all year. Our multi-protein, multi-channel, multinational business model puts us in a unique position. While chicken was overcoming obstacles and Prepared Foods was struggling with volatile inputs, Beef and Pork performed very well and even improved the their position against the USDA industry index. As we think about 2012 and how the retail and food service environment will shape up, we know that consumer confidence index improved slightly in September but it declined again in October. So consumer confidence has now dropped to the levels we saw over the '08, '09 recession, over renewed concerns about business conditions, jobs, and income. We continue to address consumer concerns and their focus on price and value through our product innovation. Cook it from scratch and healthy food options, our own shoppers' list of considerations which I see as a long-term positive for our retail business given our broad portfolio of products that meet those needs. We work very closely with our retail customers to adjust to changing consumer buying habits, to maximize category sales and retailer profits. Our Tyson national brand is backed by strong regional brands and our portfolio also includes private label offerings with several strategic customers. In food service, consumers are looking for value at every price point, from the drive through to full-service restaurants. Tyson is helping operators deliver that value with innovative products and solutions that drive traffic while protecting their bottom line. Technomic's food service outlook for 2012 is positive, with the return to real growth. However, it's predicting only 0.3% increase. So the economy won't be helping us grow our business, so we must rely on innovation and consumers -- as consumers redefine food service value in terms of quality, price, and the overall dining experience.  We believe 2012 will bring a renewed focus on chicken features, especially at QSRs, as a strategy to deal with high ground beef prices. There's also considerable emphasis on using dark meat as an ingredient, which is not only a great value play, but makes sense in the big picture of domestic availability of protein. So when we look at global protein supply and demand, despite the economy, demand for protein around the world is growing. With strong exports, domestic availability of protein should decline again in 2012 for the sixth year in a row from its peak of 284 pounds per capita in 2006 to about 255 pounds per capita in 2012. According to the USDA, beef domestic availability will be about 6% lower in '12 compared to '11, chicken is expected to be down over 3%, and while pork should be up less than 1%, and turkey up just over 1%. In total, meat and poultry availability is projected to be down 2.1% in 2012, which should lead to higher protein prices. Dennis will give you some of our financial expectations for fiscal '12, but I want to go ahead and talk about our CapEx plans for the year. We anticipate investing $800 million to $850 million in our business on a variety of projects across our segments. Although we've been reinvesting heavily in the business the past few years, there are still opportunities for improvements that should provide good returns. For example, in our Prepared Foods segment, we're converting a plant in Council Bluffs to pepperoni production in response to consumer demand in that category. Our team in Brazil is doing a great job growing distribution in volume, so we'll add a second shift of production in 2 of our Brazilian plants in 2012. And I'm also happy to announce that we opened our greenfield plant in Jiangsu, China this morning. Although it'll take several quarters before we see a significant positive impact on revenues and returns, we're excited to take this step in executing our plan to become a fully integrated poultry producer in China. We're optimistic about fiscal 2012, and we're off to a good start, with all segments profitable so far in Q1. We think this should be a good year and we expect 2012 EPS to be in excess of $2. So that concludes my opening remarks, I'll now turn it over to Jim for a review of our segment results, followed by Dennis with the financial report.
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Donnie. Good morning, everybody. The Pork segment continued its strong performance by posting a 7.9% return on sales and an operating income of $113 million. This is at the top end of the new normalized range of 6% to 8% we announced on our previous call. For the fiscal year, pork had a 10.3% return on sales and $560 million in operating income. I think it's a common misperception that our pork business is performing such a high-level solely due to strong exports. Although exports have led to increased total revenue, any spread-business model increases or decreases in total revenue ultimately flow back to the producer and are reflected in the livestock cost. We are running a much more profitable Pork business because we focus on our daily efficiencies, costs, our mix revenue, and our revenue indexes compared to publicly reported data. We have outperformed -- we are -- had been outperforming USDA index in pork, and in the fourth quarter, we further improved our competitive position relative to industry numbers. The 2012 outlook for our Pork -- for our Pork segment, is much the same as it was in 2011. Hog supplies should be up slightly from gains in productivity, and exports should remain strong, so domestic availability of pork should not change appreciably. Based on what we know today, we don't expect any significant changes to the fundamentals of our pork business. The Beef segment also performed well for the same reasons described in the Pork segment. Beef had a 3.4% return on sales and $118 million in operating income for the fourth quarter, and 3.5% and $468 million for the year. In recent weeks, there has the beef industry packer margins compression as the cutout has not kept pace with the increasing cattle cost. This happens at various times of the year. Although our margins have compressed the last several weeks, we continue to outperform the reported industry numbers and expect our Beef segment to continue to be profitable in Q1, although at a lower level than Q4. The drop in the Southwest has caused cow calf operators and stockers to push their cattle in the feedlots earlier. More calf backgrounding is occurring in feedlots, which has disrupted feedlot placement patterns. In the past, this has resulted in lighter carcass weights when these cattle are marketed, and potentially could shift normal fed cattle seasonal availability. This may create more volatility as supplies might not match seasonal and demand patterns, but keep in mind, there are presently my cattle on feed than last year. I know some of you are concerned about the availability of cattle in 2012, these cattle have been born already and are available. Also in the past 12 months, there are nearly 180,000 more imported feeder cattle year-over-year. Therefore, we plan to process roughly the same number in 2012 as we did in 2011. When projecting supplies beyond our fiscal 2012, let's look at all the facts. The herd shows no sign of expanding or contracting when evaluating the percentage of heifers in the fed-steer heifer process numbers. In the past 12 months, the percentage has been 37.4%, nearly the same as the past 4 years. Although cow slaughter has been higher in the past 12 months, the percentage of beef in the total cow slaughter has been normal at 60%. The actual beef cow year-over-year slaughter has been 136,000 more than last year or only 0.4% of the beef cowherd. The dairy portion of the cow slaughter has increased 157,000 year-over-year, with a combined total being up 283,000. This data implies the total beef and dairy cowherd is declining at 0.7%, which is only a slight acceleration compared to the last 2 years. Moving onto chicken. We're coming off one of the toughest years for the chicken industry. We had an operating loss of $82 million or a negative 2.9% return on sales for the quarter. For the year, we had a 1.5% return on sales and $164 million in operating income. Our Chicken segment was profitable for the year because we have invested a considerable amount of time and effort along with some capital into improving our yields, our labor efficiencies, and mix while staying focused on product innovation and customer service. For the year, we overcame $750 million in added cost from higher grain and feed ingredients, and other inputs because we refused to accept that we're at the mercy of the poor industry fundamentals. Without these year-over-year added costs, we would have reported an 8.3% return on sales in the Chicken segment, holding other factors equal. Over the past several weeks, we have seen more than a 7.5% reduction in USDA eggs sets and chicks placed. However, optimum growing conditions in September and October meant heavier birds, and the reduction in slaughter pounds was less than the reduction in head. As they moved in to cooler weather, bird weights are declining at close to last year. For fiscal 2012, we have seen estimates of around 4% fewer production pounds than 2011, which should support improved market pricing. Ultimately, prices need to support the increased live cost and historic -- and history certainly implies that will happen. We expect our Chicken segment to be modestly profitable in Q1, and improve throughout fiscal 12. The Prepared Food segment fell well below its -- excuse me, but Prepared Foods segment fell below its normalized operating margin range with a 3.4% return on sales and $28 million in operating income for the fourth quarter. For the year, Prepared Foods had a 3.6% return on sales with $117 million in operating income. We believe operational improvements, and increased pricing, will offset expected increases in raw material cost. Because many of our contracts are formula-based or shorter-term in nature, typically we are able to offset rising inputs through increased pricing. Prepared Foods profitability should pick up in fiscal 2012 as we start to see results from the improvements we made in our lunchmeat business. As always, I want to thank our business units and their teams for their efforts and focus on margin management. The gains in efficiency and cost, along with paying attention to their metrics, are driving results. That concludes my remarks and I'll turn it over to Dennis for the financial report.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie mentioned in his remarks, we reported Q4 earnings of $0.26 per share. Our reported full year fiscal 2011 earnings were $1.97 per share, which includes $0.08 per share of adjustments related to the sale of an interest in an equity method investment, and an unusual tax benefit recognized earlier in the year. Excluding these items, fiscal 2011 EPS was $1.89. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months remained solid at 18.5%. Capital expenditures were $174 million for the quarter and $643 million for the year. This amount reflects numerous capital projects that will continue to benefit us in the future with enhanced production and labor efficiencies, improved yields, and sales mix. Our operating cash flow remained strong at $360 million for Q4, and totaled $1 billion for the year despite higher input costs from grains, live cattle, and hogs, and record boxed beef and pork prices which resulted in receivables and inventory being up over $400 million compared to a year ago. Including cash, net debt was just under $1.5 billion, down just over $100 million from a year ago. Total liquidity was $1.6 billion, well above our goal of $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion, even after retiring the remaining $295 million of our 2011 notes at the end of September. Gross debt is now down to $2.2 billion as we have paid off $1.5 billion in the last 2.5 years. Gross debt to EBITDA for the year was 1.2x, in line with our expectations. It is our goal to meet or beat 1.3x on a normal basis to ensure sound credit measures and enhance our ability to raise cost-effective capital when needed. On a net debt to EBITDA basis, this measure was 0.8x. During the fourth quarter, we acquired 5.3 million shares for $90 million under our reactivated share repurchase program. This brings our total repurchases, over the past 2 quarters, to 9.7 million shares for $170 million under this program. We intend to continue repurchasing shares. And the timing and extent to which we make these repurchases will depend upon, among other things, market conditions, liquidity targets, debt obligations, and regulatory requirements. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2011 was 31.8%. Excluding the unusual tax benefit recognized earlier in the year, our rate would have been 33.7%. So here are some thoughts on the outlook for fiscal 2012. Revenues are expected to be $34 billion. Again, driven largely by raw material price increases, which represents an increase of $2 billion over 2011. We expect net interest expense to be approximately $185 million, down $46 million from fiscal 2011. The effective tax rate should be about 36%. Our average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter -- fourth quarter was $375 million. This amount reflects the dilutive effect of options and convertible bonds which fluctuate depending on our stock price performance. Additionally, given the timing of the 9.7 million shares we repurchased, their benefit is only partially reflected in this past year. We will receive the full benefit in future periods which will positively impact EPS by approximately $0.05 per share on an annualized basis using our current share base. CapEx should be around $800 million to $850 million. This reflects continued spending on improving the efficiency and competitiveness of our domestic and foreign operations, especially in China. We will use excess cash to repurchase notes when available, at attractive rates, as we do not have any significant debt maturities due until fiscal 2014. In closing, 2011 was an exceptional year considering the challenges we faced. Net debt was down $100 million despite $3.7 billion of increased raw material cost. Strong capital spending above depreciation. $170 million of stock repurchases and a $66 million buyout of our partner in China. This just proves our diversified business model works. Following the 2 best years in our company's history, we're excited about the future and look forward to even more success. Tyson Foods is in a strong financial position with solid debt ratios, a strong liquidity position, and a capital structure that will enable us to continue delivering solid results and grow our company. This concludes our prepared remarks and I'll ask the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Farooq Hamed, Barclays Capital.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up on the comments about the chicken division being profitable as we enter Q1, and growing profitability throughout the year. So I mean, in the past quarter that you just reported, we saw an $82 million loss. I wanted to understand what's the biggest difference we're seeing between this past quarter that was just reported and the current quarter, as to why we're seeing an operating income this quarter. Is it more on pricing side, is it operating improvements? Maybe you can give a breakdown of where the increased profitability is coming from.
Donnie Smith: This is Donnie. Let's start off talking about the last quarter a little bit. As we came into July, you're pretty much at the peak of your live cost, and if you'll remember, the market pricing in first month of that quarter coming off a pretty disappointing Fourth of July, which really, really soft. So our profitability in Q4 dug a pretty deep hole there at the beginning. So, then as you continue moving through the quarter, our live cost kept getting better. Now, some of that was grain related, but a lot of that was internal to some things we were doing inside of our business. Now, one other point to add. Coming off the Fourth of July holiday, as I mentioned pretty disappointed, and we started pretty aggressive cutbacks at that time and so what we're doing at the front end of the quarter is we're taking the cost hit, if you will, for making the adjustments in our production. And then in our business, you need to wait 8 to 12 weeks or so before you get the benefit of that in future periods. So what happens to you is your quarter got front-end loaded because you got the peak of your live cost, you're cutting back. And July, I would add, I'm telling you, that's a pretty ugly month. But we got better than that in August. August was much better than July, but still negative. September was much better yet. Now, one thing you probably noticed, we had a mark-to-market hit in that quarter of about $31 million. So let me go ahead and cover that one for you, too, because it's a big part of the story. When we were talking in August, corn was somewhere around the upper $6 range, maybe $7, meal was somewhere around $350 million. And then, we had a little rally off that. But then, in the last 3 weeks of the quarter, corn fell $1.50 a bushel or so, meal was probably down $60, $65 a ton. And so, at the end of the quarter, we were long about 3 weeks or so worth off flat price coverage into the next quarter. And all of that got marked-to-market. So that $31 million was a pretty good slice of that $82 million that you mentioned. So moving forward, our live cost is in better shape. We have seen some pricing help, not just market related. But as I mentioned, I think last quarter related to our service offering, the value that we're bringing our customers. We're seeing some price. So the real recovery into the positive Q1 has really been a mixture of every part of our business. Our live cost has gotten better, we're seeing the benefit of a lot of the CapEx that we've spent in our business, and our operating efficiencies at the plants, we've seen some logistics help in some new programs we've done in logistics. So it's coming from just about every facet of the business.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's pretty helpful. Maybe just as a follow-up then, I noticed that in the quarter you mentioned that -- in the release you mentioned that fiscal 2012 grain costs are expected to be higher than fiscal 2011. So can you comment on how you're going to see those improvements in live cost even though you're going to have higher grain cost?
Donnie Smith: Yes, part of the efficiencies, frankly coming, and feed conversion rates, some of it will come in some improvements we've made in our hatcheries. So it's really in all aspects of the live production. It's not just related to the -- necessarily just to the cost of corn and soybean meal, but to a lot of things that we can control as well.
Operator: Next question from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick question on pork. Obviously, still looking at numbers at that very high end of your normalized range. But just curious why we saw -- if you could just go a bit deeper into why we saw the sequential deterioration in margin performance even though we're seeing a bit better availability this time of year versus your prior quarter? That's a fair statement?
Donnie Smith: Yes. In any spread business, you can have periods of time when the revenue declines and then the cost of goods or the hog cost don't decline at the same rate, or vice versa. In general, that all, it wasn't a major decline. It was enough, however, to drive a differential compared to the prior quarters. But it was still a very strong performance. We didn't have any major shifts other than what I'd call kind of normal spread business margin compression and expansion. So really nothing significant.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, I think, still just trying to get our arms around how fantastic returns have been up to this point. And I know you guys have been pretty conservative, it seemed, about your normalized range for pork margins since you've been putting number so far ahead. And so I'm just curious, maybe if you can give us anecdotes on how the business has evolved relative to last year, and maybe that will help clue us in to how to model margins going forward given we're still seeing very strong exports and the industry still seems to be operating, firing on all cylinders. So any difference where we are today versus where we were last year that might explain some of the margin differential would be helpful.
James V. Lochner: Yes. I mean there's no, again, one single factor. What it is, is you continually lay improve on your daily efficiencies, in your labor efficiencies, in your cost, you continually improve on your yields, you continually improve on your mix of sales, you continually improve on trying to beat the market pricing through a variety of different components. Generally, it doesn't happen on the livestock buy side, although the only thing we can really influence there is how well we work on yields and our draw credits, et cetera. So I know that's difficult for you to figure out on the model, but it's not one thing. It's all of these little things that we continually improve. Our model really, in the businesses, is we do the same thing every day, we just try to continuously improve and you have these small incremental improvements over the course of months. And I know that doesn't sound real profound but that's exactly how we operate all our businesses.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe if you could, guys, give more detail on how your feed conversion efficiency is improving on the chicken side. What sort of stuff you're doing to improve that.
James V. Lochner: Let's see. All right, I'll try to give you a little insight. So we have made improvements in the production process that have improved not only our feed conversions, but also the livability. Now, some of that is going to be attributable to taking our weights down just a tad. But we also, maybe got a little bit out of line on our feed conversion in Q3 and Q4, during some of the really hot weather. And then we got our out times right. We've done a good job, our live production folks have done a great job improving the upstream processes and feed manufacturing, and in our hatcheries. That's just given us a great opportunity for improvement in the field for all of our growers. So again, it's just incremental improvements. Getting a little better at everything we do, it adds up.
Operator: Okay. Next question, Ken Goldman, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Two questions. First, I think, I appreciate the benefits of hedging and other forward activities, but this does mark, I think, the third straight year in which the impact of your commodity risk management has been a headwind on income. This past quarter it hurt by $49 million, that's the most in almost 3 years. So I guess my question is this. Are we reading the data wrong, to look at them and ask if maybe Tyson might not benefit by being a little bit closer to the market? Or is it just something where 3 straight years of kind of losses there or negative impact is just a random event, and maybe it's still worth it going forward so do all that hedging and get ahead of the markets so you can maybe price based on your cost and so forth? I'm just curious of how we should think about that balance.
Donnie Smith: Well for the year, our total -- I'm going to use the term Dennis did, but the total outcome of all of the, I'm going to call it hedging activities, was about $41 million. So when you're buying 4-plus million bushels of corn a week, 40,000 tons of soybean meal a week, and all the other stuff that goes with that, you add that up at $6, $7, well, $7.50, $8 at times on a delivered basis, $41 million, that's landing on an aircraft carrier over a whole year. So I would say that with the extreme volatility -- when corn fell from the upper $7, we were like $7.50 or so. And at the end of the first week of September and then we're -- gosh, it was below $6, somewhere $5.90-ish, somewhere around that on September 30. With as much commodities as we buy, having 3 weeks out front is not an excessive position. So in general, we have a very conservative approach. We stay pretty close to the market, we're pretty close to the market right now. We feel pretty good about that. But when you've got such a vicious swing in commodity prices in the last 3 weeks in the quarter, you got mark that stuff to market and you use a lot, that's a pretty big number.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then Jim, you talked about how, from time to time, cattle prices rise more quickly than beef prices, and obviously that's true. USDA data showing some of the weakest industry gross margins, right now in the last decade, and I'm just curious for some more insight there. I do appreciate cattle prices up year-on-year, but they've been up when 20% year-on-year all of 2011. Only recently have margins collapsed, at least in the reported national numbers. So I guess I'm just curious what you're seeing there. I recognize your plants are in areas where cattle are plentiful, maybe not as affected by some of the dynamics right now, but if you can shed some light on that, I'd appreciate it.
James V. Lochner: Yes. You always got to remember, in the price of cattle, you have a lot of regional issues and you can have some small regions that are tight relative to the slaughter demand. And as the tendency to -- with mandatory price reporting on the transparency of price reporting, everybody in government reports exactly what the transactions. So there's a tendency for the short region to trend higher prices and then kind of move the overall up. And then over time, what happens is those regions correct in demand and the prices come back. And we always got to remember, as a reminder, as I reminded the beef group earlier in the week, we were coming into Thanksgiving and as long I've been in the industry, it's hard to move beef prices up going into Thanksgiving. And usually, you'll have a little bit of a boost afterwards. And so our assessment was that the volumes needed to moderate. We're pushing too much meat on a weak demand period, and that's exactly what's happened. In the last couple of weeks, you've seen a correction in the USDA reported processing numbers. And that's why, in my comments, I really made it that margin compression happens and then the market does its job over time, and they expand. If they get too big, they contract. And that's generally the market dynamics that happens in spread businesses. We put all our focus, always, on really trying to make sure that we're managing the mix, trying to drive the highest prices relative to the reported numbers. Combinations of premium programs, combinations of formula sales, combinations of export, and really focus our attention to the detail. And then we're in the market. And again, I know that, that doesn't give you a real complete answer, but the market usually the market makes the types of moves. Has for a long period of time. And we're pushing more meat than the market could absorb and that's what caused that margin compression.
Operator: Next question comes from Heather Jones, BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: My question is related to your Beef and Pork businesses. They were strong for the quarter, and I think I'm thinking about this correctly. Typically, over the past 2 years, your margins in both businesses on a per head basis have been well in excess of the industry. And then generally improves in line with the industry on a sequential basis, if not, actually widening your out-performance. And so this quarter, I'm looking at where -- what you did in Q3 versus what you did in Q4, and there's actually a deterioration sequentially, which is, while the industry margins show improvement. So I'm just trying to get a sense of what happened during the quarter, that would have driven that, and how should we be thinking about that going into 2012 as far as your performance relative to the industry.
James V. Lochner: I'm trying to put my finger on exactly a factor, but generally speaking, we did not -- when we look at how we index our revenue components and how index our cattle cost components, I didn't see anything that really jumped out of the ordinary, that said we missed it. A lot of times, particularly in cattle, you can run into regional differences between north and south, and then the grading differences that can happen, that really can sometimes really drive the interpretation of those results. And if you really understand the numbers, you really are indexing yourself. But we did see the margin compression and didn't really see anything that bothered us relative to our indexes. In fact, if anything, we looked at our indexes, actually improving even though we saw the results come down quarter-over-quarter in beef. And then in pork, it would really be kind of the same scenario. We didn't really see the shift, and again, we're very pleased with our indexes related to how we benchmark our price realizations and our procurement. We didn't have a major shift in yields. We didn't have a major shift downward in labor efficiency. We didn't have a major shift in our market share and key categories. So we really didn't see it is what I'm trying to say.
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. Because our data is showing that you all did to close to $90 a head in Q3 and $70 a head in Q4. Now as we go into Q1, as people have alluded to earlier, the industry has deteriorated pretty dramatically. When we're thinking about you guys, relative to your Q4, should your sequential deterioration be less than what we're seeing for the industry benchmarks?
James V. Lochner: Yes. I mean, we're nowhere near that major decline. We saw that compression again, the last -- starting about 4 weeks ago and then it's starting to rebound now, but we've not been anywhere near that negative. So we're holding on. In fact, every week thus far, our Beef segment has remained profitable.
Operator: Okay. Next question, Diane Geissler, CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Did you give expectation on your range for pork in 2012?
James V. Lochner: No, we we've not. This is Jim. We have not changed it, so we did not alter it up or down for 2012.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So what you're saying is you expect to be in your normalized range in terms of pork margins in 2012? Is that accurate?
James V. Lochner: Yes.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the Chicken business, what's the biggest driver there year-on-year? I mean it's got to be pricing. First of all, if I look at your total profits this year, fiscal '11, you do expect your profits in chicken in '12 to be higher than '11, correct?
James V. Lochner: Yes.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And it's the biggest driver there, then pricing coming from just lower supply? Because your commentary on food service suggests that the channel remains pretty weak. Although you do expect some product development, so is it really pricing driven? I mean, it has to be because the grain side is worse, right?
Donnie Smith: No. Diane, let me try give you a little help. You're right on the environment, we do not view demand to be any stronger in 2012 than it was in '11. So let's call it demand flat. By the way, probably both at food service and retail. I believe, going into the year, depending on how much pricing gets passed on or absorbed into the marketplace, might want to keep an eye on retail demand. But so let's just call it, going into the year, demand flat. Now our business, yes, we do think that we will improve pricing. But that is not strictly where all of our benefit is going to be coming from. We'll also make mix improvements in our business. In other words, we will sell more in a value-added mix. We think that we will continue to see some live performance improvements in livability, feed conversion, those kinds of things. And remember, over the last couple of years, we've spent pretty strong CapEx against our business, and a good portion of that has been against our poultry business. And we've mentioned, in the past, that those CapEx expenditures were in what we would call, good return but low risk type projects. And by low risk, what we mean is, there's low risk that the return we think we'll get we'll actually get. That's proven to be the case. So the money that we're spending on our business, particularly on the processing site in chicken, is paying benefits in lower conversion costs, we continued to see operational efficiencies, and improvements in that side of our business. So I think what you'll see is an improvement, not only on the live side, but also in plant conversion side and we do intend to get some improvement in pricing as well. But it won't all come from pricing. I think to clarify, when you asked me on the pork earlier, I said we did not come out and change our range. However, we do expect our Pork business to be in and above the range. And we don't really see a material change going into 2012. Just to clarify that answer.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the chicken. Where is your total production, currently, year-on-year in terms of head and tonnage? How much are you down?
Donnie Smith: Okay. We said, I think on our call, we were talking about being down somewhere in the 6% versus the Q3 run rate versus a year ago.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: 6%?
Donnie Smith: Yes, about 6%. Our cut has actually been on a little bit more than that, and that's in terms of pounds produced, okay? So as we tried to talk about on the last call, I've tried to -- I want a lot of clarity around what we're talking about because we've seen egg sets and chicks placed out roughly 7% or 8%. But until recently, we've not seen much significant movement in live weights. And so, I think last week's slaughter pounds were at 969 million -- excuse me, 869 million, good catch. And so when we talk to you, we'll be focused on total pounds produced. So we'll be at an excess of 6%.
Operator: Next question comes from Farha Aslam from Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First, on chicken, when do you anticipate hitting your normalized range this year in chicken profitability?
Donnie Smith: Our best chance obviously is going to be in the back half. I feel comfortable that we will see progressive improvement throughout the year. Still a bit early to be calling any specific quarter in which we think we would be back into the normalized range, but our best shot is going to be in the back half.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then a follow-up on beef. If you could give us color on the first quarter profits, do you expect them to be in the normalized range, half of normal? Just kind of give us some more color on where you think beef profitability is in the first quarter and how you expect that to progress as the year goes forward.
James V. Lochner: Well, let me say that they won't be as strong as they were in Q4 and we're just half way, not even quite halfway through the quarter, and we're starting to see the margin picture change relative to last several weeks. So I'm going to leave it at that and not get that quantified. But I feel pretty strong that we'll come through this first quarter very well and the market will correct. And then we're going to start to see a fair amount of cattle availability as we come into January or February, which generally works on our favor relative to managing the spread.
Operator: Next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a question on chicken again. So did I hear you correctly? Your pounds are going to be down 6% for '12, was that right?
Donnie Smith: No. What I said was, right now, we're running down a little bit in excess of 6%. So here's the way to frame that up. We always take a detailed forward look of demand. We spend a lot of energy looking at forward demand. And so our production plans, we think right now, our team has done a great job getting us exactly where we need to be in light of the demand we see through the first, say 4 to 6 months of calendar 2012. As we move into Q1, we will be looking at the forward demand for the rest of our fiscal year and we will make any, if any, production decisions then. But for us, it's always about balancing our supply and demand to meet our customers' expectations of our business. And currently, the color I can add is we're down better than 6% in the current quarter versus where we were.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then your expectation for 4% decline in production. Can you give us a little color on that in terms of where that's coming from? Is that truly yours? Do you expect that to happen regardless of what happens with demand? And if production is down 4%, which seems more than what other industry experts are saying, I would think. If that does happen, do you think the industry would be profitable or will get to normalize profitability this year?
Donnie Smith: I'm going to start that and then Jim may want to jump in and add a little bit of color. First of all, when we talk about the 4% number, that is what we project the industry to be. Obviously, we're going to be a part of that. I don't really want to try to project what the rest of the industry is going to do or what their profitability is going to be because I don't know their cost structure, I don't know how they price their product. So there's no chance I'm going to project what they're going to do. I can tell you what we're going to do and I'll let Jim add some color. We're going to balance our supply with what our view of demand is. If anything, we're going to be a little bit on the short side of that, which gives us opportunity, at times, to buy parts that we need without necessarily having other parts that may or may not be the best value in the marketplace. So that's going to be our strategy going forward, and our team is very disciplined in looking at that forward demand and then matching our supply to get there. And when we get off-base a little bit, we quickly react because it's important to us to keep that supply and demand balance.
James V. Lochner: Yes. I think, you always got to -- when we give a number, it's always against our fiscal period. So I looked at a composite of different independent estimates and this current Q1, I know of Dec of '11, which is our Q1 is the strongest decline. So a number of them on average are around 5.5%, and then as you move into calendar '12, that's where you probably say it's a little less because you'll start to see it start to change with Jan, Feb, March, in the high 3s, and then April, May, June, 3. So you end up in a scenario where you sink that all back up with a variety of independent forecasters, on average of 4% against our fiscal year. With the strong end being right now, and I'd know, this period.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right, and then just a follow-up there on price realization for you guys, especially last 3 quarters, based on my numbers, has been exceptional which is why it seems like you're doing much better than the industry. So you're starting off, pricewise, price per pound, much better than the industry in general. How do you feel about price realization in '12? I mean, give us some numbers here, if you can. I mean can you put some numbers around the price realization efficiency numbers that you've talked about in the past? I mean, how much are you expecting to benefit from just pure pricing, yield efficiencies, cost programs, et cetera? Can you give us some numbers so we can put that into context with the increase in grain cost and think about where profitability could end up?
Donnie Smith: I can't talk about the principles behind what we do. Obviously, it's important to us to be a cost leader in our industry, in every segment that we participate. We have a very diverse portfolio of products. And so it's pretty hard to -- without going into a tremendous amount of detail by bird class, exactly what we expect to do and I don't think that's probably in our best interest on the call. So what we can say is this, we continue to move our mix up the value chain. We always want to try to add value to our customers business and to try to add value to our product mix. We will continue to do that. We believe that we lead the industry in quality, service, and certainly innovative capabilities and we believe that we bring a different value proposition to our customers. And then we get paid for that. So I think you'll continue to see that as part of the spread. In each of the commodity type businesses that we're in, we've we controlled our production to the point that we don't have a lot of excess sales in the marketplace that are a drag on our pricing structure. So that's a huge advantage to being balance in terms of our supply and demand. When you get into those situations where you're supply outstrips your demand, that's when you have excess product that you have to sell in commodity markets which hurts your pricing structure. So if you start putting all those pieces together, I think you see, and obviously you have, the difference between Tyson and others. And we continue to remain very disciplined in our go-to-market strategy and how we bring value to our customers in each one of the segments.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So what would it take for you guys to -- if it was up to you, right? So what would it take for you to come out and say you're going to be in the normalized range and margins for chicken? What would have to change, today, for you to feel more confident about being within a normalized range in a reasonably short term? Like what would you have to see change for you to feel more comfortable about that?
Donnie Smith: I'd say move the calendar forward about 3 months or so and let us get it a little deeper into the fiscal year and we'll be a lot more confident about what we can say about when certain events will happen. In terms of our business model, I don't think there's anything that needs to change. And I think, certainly, our business team is focused on getting back to normalized margins as absolutely as fast as they can. And I think they're doing everything they can do to get there as quick as they can, and we'll get there.
James V. Lochner: But I think if you just look, again, at the market fundamentals versus the supply pull back, you start to see some supportive pricing. And overall, again, the big picture says domestic availability of all proteins is declining, partly from export and production. That's generally supportive of pricing. And you have to factor in the economy and factor that. How fast can it go, that's anybody's prediction.
Operator: The next question, Christina McGlone, Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, Jim, I just wanted to dig into beef a little more. Can you explain what we're seeing in terms of the north-south differential and how does that impact Tyson. And if you're paying more for your northern cattle, are you also getting more for the beef from that cattle? And then something you said worried me a little when you said the fact that you were getting a lot of cattle and feedlots and then usually they come out at lighter weights and when they're marketed, there's more volatility and you might not match demand. How do we think about that kind of idea when we're modeling?
James V. Lochner: Well, that's exactly why I put that in because your models will get a little bit different simply because you don't have some of the normal placement patterns that have occurred in the past, which is a clear observation as the southern plains didn't have good forage so the cattle left. We pasture and pasture and went into feedlots and backgrounding. But the North-South spread is always a factor that always messes up your models because you don't get that granular in the way you forecast beef margins within regions. Our job, basically, we're nicely dispersed between the North and the South. Some of our competition has plants that are more concentrated in the South or some in the north. We have a good mix of the north-south plants, close to the feedlots. And our job is always to try to maximize the revenue and try to manage that spread. But it does make it difficult for you to model in that regard. So I don't expect to have any major shortages in any of the regions that we have plants because I think the cattle supply, when they come out, will be fine. And I know that cattle feeders will try to really balance that placement up and actually try to hit the same type of end-put weights that they have historically and try to manage to hit the typical seasonal demand patterns. It makes it more challenging when calves go in the feedlots versus yearlings. So it's a comment just basically driven to tip you off, I guess, that the model sometimes will change around because we've had something very unusual with the drought in the southern plains.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess when you think about '12 and you talked about margins within normalized for beef. But as we close out calendar '12, so calendar not fiscal, are we in a very tight situation where we're going to see overcapacity in beef processing? And then maybe also, if you could speak to the fact that the WTO has said that COOL is kind of a violation of agreements. Does that help? Do you think there'll be any changes on the origin of labeling front?
James V. Lochner: Let me address the end of calendar '12. Again, that's why I went through and pointed out the fact that even though some people will say the beef cow process or slaughter is up 4%, when you put it in to real perspective against 31.4 million beef cows and 9.2 million dairy cows, that accelerated decline is not really appreciably accelerated and there were people who were thinking that the drought, again, in the southern plains had really accelerated the liquidation of the beef cowherd and when I really went back and analyzed those numbers, it's up, but not as much and it's not as catastrophic as one would think. The other key component is, feeder cattle imports were 180,000. That easily offset a good number of the decline that we saw in the beef cow herd throughout the last couple of years. Now as that relates to country of origin labeling, if that gets resolved and everything went back to normal, what you'll actually see probably is the potential for more imported feeder cattle out of both Canada and Mexico. And that won't impact, again, calendar '12 as much as it will impact, potentially, '13. But the reason I put all those numbers in my prepared remarks is to really put it in to context. Even though we've seen some slight increase in liquidation, it's not what I'd call a major increase above and beyond what others have been forecasting into that 1% line. So I'm not pessimistic that we're going to have a problem, having extreme overcapacity in the beef processing industry. And I always got to remind everybody that we did take about 2 million head of slaughter capacity out several years ago and that balance against where our plants located is in pretty good balance.
Operator: Okay. Next question from Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse.
William Sawyer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Will sort of in for Rob. I wanted to talk a little bit about your international operations. You're investing your CapEx there, adding a second shift in Brazil, you bought out your partner in China. What is the margin situation in both those areas for you? And what is your outlook for demand?
Donnie Smith: Both of those businesses are pretty young and so the margin structure is on the light side of what we will produce in the future. As we look at demand, we feel very good about demand in both countries. Let's talk about Brazil here quickly. We have over the last year or so kind of decided, at least for the foreseeable future, what our mix will be between international and domestic volume. And we've added enough capabilities to be able to provide the diversity within our product portfolio offering to be able to capitalize on some growth, both domestically and internationally. So we really feel good about that business. All we need is time. We got a great team down there, they've doing a great job. So we feel very confident that every pound that we add, when we second shift. We've got grower base coming along behind us -- or actually in front of us, to be able to produce that. And so we feel very confident we'll be able to move that at the percentage that we want to both in the domestic and the international markets. So quickly shifting to China, a great opportunity there. We've got a great customer base in China. We're building a very solid team to execute not only our operating but also our selling strategies there. We're moving toward a company-owned, company-controlled live production model. We have a few company farms, now, that the birds that we have seen produced in those company farms are outstanding. We love our cost position there and we feel very good about our model going forward. It's a bit more capital intensive, but the efficiencies that we're seeing are making that the way to go. And it helps in terms of speed, too, a little bit. Around getting our footprint as large as we can, as fast as we can. When we get a build-out and what we currently have available to us, our footprint will be about 3.5, 3 million head a week, that'll be in 2014. And I would tell you, by the time we get there, we would expect to have normalized returns in that business. So we feel very good about our opportunities internationally.
William Sawyer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then Donnie, can you talk a little bit about what the customer mix looks like in China for you guys? I really figured your plan is...
Donnie Smith: Simply put, both food service, QSR, and a retail base. So you need a very fairly broad portfolio to be able to spread your product mix out appropriately. And so we feel really good about our customer mix. I really don't want to get into detailed customer names, but just suffice it to say, food service, QSRs, a few other food service customers, and a good mix of retail customers.
Operator: Next question, Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Jim, real quickly. You had suggested that you aren't seeing any signs of expansion, I think. I'm just curious with cow calf returns where they are today, do you expect to see that? Especially in the North where this guy should have the capacity to do so?
James V. Lochner: Yes, I would -- I went back and I looked up the heifer percentage of the fed steer and heifer kill, slaughter numbers. And it's been running right at this 37.4%, 37.2%, 37.5% about the last 4 years. So we'll be really watching that carefully because I would expect, with the returns, that outside of kind of the drought affected regions, that there would be expansion. and I think that's also why you didn't see the beef cow liquidation when you looked at -- the southern plains it would have been fairly expansive for that region. But the other regions had plenty of grass and all the profit signals probably offset that number to a great degree. But that's the key number we're watching. It's just the percentage of heifers and the total kill, to see if it drops into the low 30% and will start to see that expansion. We haven't really seen any meaningful expansion for about 4 to 5 years actually. And '07 would have been kind of that timeframe, maybe the one we saw a little bit of moderate expansion.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just a follow-up then. On the choice select spread being so wide now, I'd assume that the incentive there is to produce more choice cattle. I'm curious if you're changing your grid at all, to incentivize producers. Are you seeing any move toward that and what that might mean for availability as we head into the next year?
James V. Lochner: Our grid is also reflective of what the current choice select spread and premium programs, et cetera, which is -- the term used in the industry is usually the cleanup costs reflects that component. And the choice or select spread did widen here, which is a lot of people thought might have been a decrease in grading but when, again, you look at the peers statistics, the percentage choice cattle hadn't really materially changed year-over-year with the choice select spread a year ago was much lower. So what we're probably seeing here is, perhaps that food service, fine dining, and steakhouse demand on consumption might be up. We might be seeing a combination of select demand for metals being soft because when you look at where the choice select spread differential is it's not unusual that it's in the middle meats, but we've seen really widened price spreads between particularly PISMOs, rib eyes, and strips, and the choice of select offering which suggest that we get food service consumption increasing slightly. But we have not really seen these types of spreads for a number of years. So the market will probably do its job again, and overtime, make that correction retailers or some other end users shifting to the value side on the select and they're offering. So the answer to your question, our grids always adjusts all constantly to what that choice select spread is doing.
Operator: Next question, Tim Ramey, D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Donnie, wondering if your investment in China looks like it might have any kind of ancillary benefits in terms of greater ability to export to U.S. production there.
Donnie Smith: Tim, I'm going to say probably not. Today, if you combine the antidumping duty and the countervailing duty that exists between the U.S. and exports of chicken into China, it's like 63%. And even, hey, if we started a WTO action today, it would, I'd tell you, take 2, 3 years to change that. So I really don't see that affecting much in terms of us being able to -- as a matter of fact, you might go the other way. So if we're not going to be able to ship it from the U.S. into China, let's just go over to China and grow it there.
James V. Lochner: We're certainly not banking on that. Our whole focus is running a real competitive Chinese production model.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Right. And just listening to your comments about July, and weaker Fourth of July and keeping inventories lean. It sounds like you might have gotten crossways on inventories and we're carrying too much into the Fourth of July holiday. Is that a fair interpretation of...
Donnie Smith: It was. Hey, this may be way more detailed and I know we're going a little long, but let me try to add a little color. So let's go back to just before Easter. When we were in the Lenten season, demand was really, really, really strong. And so if you look at chicken, by the time you start setting more eggs, you get them through the hatchery, you get them into the field growing out, and then produce them, and have them ready in inventory, depending on the type of mix you got, you've really got like 12 weeks’ worth of production that you've made in that decision. And so if you go to, say mid-March, you got mid-April, mid-May, mid-June. And so based on the signal we got in mid-March, we made production decisions that had a lot of meat coming at us just before the Fourth of July. If you'll remember, Memorial Day was less than impressive, and I'm telling you, Fourth of July was just nothing to write home about. And so once we saw that Fourth of July was pretty disappointing, man, we through the brakes on and we started backing up. And hey, unfortunately, commodity prices, you got a high feed component of your live cost. But when you're backing out of production, you're absorbing a lot of cost early. And so that just made July just a really ugly month, but we did pull back hard on inventory. Our inventory position, through the quarter, got cleared up, too. I tell you, when we ended the fiscal year, hey, our inventory position is what I like to call the manageable minimum. And so we are doing a great job servicing our customer, but we're not carrying a lot of excess inventory to be able to do that, it's putting a lot of pressure on our logistics resources, it putting a lot of pressure on our plant resources, but they have stepped up to the challenge and done a great job of taking care of our customer. So that's kind of the whole picture, Tim.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got it. And just one more quick one. You've been talking about feed conversion. I know you experimented with betain versus choline chloride, I don't if you've moved back to going choline chloride. But is there anything you can tell us about kind of the feed ration that is specifically having an impact?
Donnie Smith: Nope. Listen, that's all really proprietary stuff and there's 0 chance you're going to get any details, honestly, on how we're feeding our chicken. I appreciate the offer, it just ain't happening.
Operator: The next question from Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 bigger picture questions. For the year, Donnie, you've always been saying roughly around $2. It sounds like you're actually more optimistic in terms of saying in excess of $2. Can you talk about what the change of language was about?
Donnie Smith: Yes. Well, listen, we're very optimistic about our business. Over the last couple of years, we've done a lot to change our mix, we've done a ton in our operating efficiency. By the way, let me mention this. This past year, we were talking about $200 million in operating efficiencies that we would garner, and we did. And still view that going into 2012, we have another $125 million or so in operating efficiencies that we believe that we will achieve in our poultry business. And so when you put all that together with the kind of the last 2 years we've had, I'm very optimistic about our future. Now, hey, it's still early for us to be add any more detail than that. But...
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But what was the change? I mean you've been saying around $2 and your language changed to in excess of $2. So I'm assuming something -- was it just internal improvements or is it marketing conditions that made you get a little bit more positive.
Donnie Smith: It's all of it. Our Beef and Pork businesses are performing very, very well. Our Prepared Foods business has weathered the storm, really, for the amount of pricing that we were able to achieve to cover the raw material inputs, our Prepared Foods businesses has done very well. We've got a bead on a part of that business, it's probably underperformed, and we've got a solid action plan to improve that part of the business. And then when you look at chicken, we're seeing the benefit of some of the things that we've been doing in the past that just have us operating that business well. If you look at industry fundamentals, we've got a much better environment we feel that we're operating into and feel pretty solid about our chances.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So my second question, just a little bit longer-term. Look, for the last -- 2012 comes in near where you're talking about -- you'll have 3 years in a row in that $2 to $2-plus range. You're starting to spend aggressively again on CapEx. Is there an expectation that you guys could actually, in it 2013 and '14, start to develop a growth model where EPS can grow at a certain rate? And is it depending on market conditions, CapEx? Can you talk about the potential for you to actually grow earnings in 2013, which clearly would be somewhat contrary to the market expectations. But can you talk about that?
Donnie Smith: Yes. Hey, that is absolutely the plan. As we continue to improve our business, I think one of the things that we've proved in 2011 is that our multi-protein, multi-channel, multinational business model gives us a bit of distinction and a little bit of differentiation in the marketplace. And we intend to take all of the opportunities that, that model provides us and be able to capitalize on that. So we've got opportunities in front of us in value added poultry, we've got opportunities in front of us, in our Prepared's foods business. Some of it is broadening the product portfolio. But some of it is broadening the channels. We've got great opportunities in front of us in Brazil and in China. So yes, as I look forward, part of what we needed to do in '10 and '11 was to stabilize this business and get it turned around. And get some operational efficiencies in place so that we could use that as a really strong platform to launch off of into the future. And we do believe the growth opportunities in front of us are meaningful and particularly the earnings opportunities in front of us are meaningful.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So what would you say -- I mean, if I was to say, 2013. What would be the incremental contribution? Where would the incremental contributions come from in '13 relative to '12?
Donnie Smith: I can't. Way, way, way too early. Hey, I'm trying not to get too far ahead of you on explaining excess of $2 in 2012. I'm...
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, no. I'm not looking for an EPS number, but it is it in Brazil? You're going to spend $800 million this year, I think $600-something million in the last year in CapEx. Do start to assign a return on that, that we expect? Is it Brazil? Is it China? Is it improvement in fundamental? Like, what is it that gets you to growth? I'm not asking for the actual quantification. Have you kind of -- give us some sort of growth trajectory out besides 2012.
Donnie Smith: Absolutely. So we built a pretty good foundation for ourselves internationally. And we will continue, now, to add production in our international businesses about as fast as we can. Our international team has done a great job of getting these new start-ups underneath us, to the point to where we can now add incremental volume to those businesses and have it sold in the right place and improve our margins along the way. So we're at the point now to where when we add incremental volume, it adds incremental return. That's where we needed to get. If you look at the rest of our portfolio, adding value to the raw materials that we produce is a huge, huge platform for us to grow in. The 2 things that we have, that we can leverage, is raw materials and relationships, and we intend to leverage those into the future across the broad portfolio of our business, both in value-added poultry, in our Prepared Foods business, taking our Beef and Pork raw materials and adding value to those, moving those up the value stream, putting them into new channels, expanding our customer offerings. So I think what you're going to see is a very balanced approach to us growing our whole portfolio across the board as we move forward.
Operator: Next question, Jeff Farmer, Jefferies & Company.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Recognizing the time, I'll just be brief with this one. Just a quick modeling question. Looks like your absolute G&A dollars actually fell in fiscal '11. As you look forward to FY '12, what's the expectation there?
Donnie Smith: Probably about flat. I'll be honest with you, I look at it more as a percent of net sales. And I think, we finished the year at around 2.8% of net sales, and we'll be in about that ballpark.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just following up along the international discussion. Revenues pushing, well actually, it's more than 16% -- or international is more than 16% of your consolidated revenue right now. So can you provide any type of margin number on that revenue to date? And as you move forward, do you expect that margin to improve quickly? I realized there's a lot of start-up investments in Brazil and China, et cetera. But any color on the margin picture on that full bucket of international revenue in FY '11 and what you're looking for in FY '12 would be helpful.
Donnie Smith: I appreciate that. The only color that I can really add at this time is, at this point it's not, I would say, a significant portion of what you see. But certainly, over time, we expect it to improve incrementally as we grow the business, and it will become more and more significant to our results. So that's about all the clarity I can add right now.
Operator: Next question, Ryan Oksenhendler, Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Hey, I'm sorry if I missed this, I jumped on the call late. But did you give a number for what you think grain or feeding ingredients will be up year-over-year in fiscal '12?
Donnie Smith: I don't think we did. No.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you?
Donnie Smith: No, I think, all I would be comfortable saying at this point, because we're pretty close to the market now, and which I feel very comfortable with. I would suspect that grain cost, in 2012, would be at or above what we saw in '11. And Ryan, the real emphasis of that is if you just go back to Q1, well our Q1, which would be calendar Q4 of last year. Corn futures, for example, we're in the $4, $4.25, $4.50, somewhere in that neighborhood and moving up through the quarter. And hey, we are at new crop and we're at $6 plus. So we're $1.50 or so starting the year higher than we were a year ago. So it just stands to reason that we're going to have incremental increases in our cost of corn, soybean meal, and other inputs, by the way, of going into next year. Which accents our need to get our pricing improvements in order to get paid for those higher raw materials.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just quickly, I guess on the pricing side, you sounded a little skeptical about retail demand, I guess maybe depending on where pricing goes, it looks like for the Georgia Dock, we're rubbing up against $0.90 a pound here. Was I reading that right? At what point do you think demand starts to drop off at the retail level?
Donnie Smith: I can't really pick it based on a particular market price. But I can say this. We're holding unemployment around 9% or so. My GDP number for '12 is somewhere about 1.5% or so. So I'm not looking for a robust recovery in the economy. It just stands to reason that if more and more price gets passed along to the consumer, that there's an opportunity for them to back off. Now the good news is that we keep a very close eye on forward demand and our strategy is, if anything, to be a little short against that demand so that we don't get caught. Let's say, like we did in July with too much inventory or maybe not too much inventory, but excess of what we would have would have liked have at the time, and excess production. So we're going to keep this thing in check and we've got, I think, a very good eye on what our forward view of demand is. So let me just close up, if we can. Hey, I want to emphasize again how important I think our multi-protein, multi-channel, multinational business model is. When you combine that with our cost capital structure and, frankly, what I think is the best is the best team in the business, Tyson is uniquely differentiated from our competitors and I think we're poised to grow in 2012 and beyond. Tyson Foods is a protein company with the widest variety of products to sell and the most channels to the broadest base of customers here in the U.S. and around the world. Our diversification gives us options and opportunities. We intend to make the most of them. So thanks for your interest in our company and have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. That does conclude the conference today. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Ruth Wisener - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary
Analysts: Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now like I'll turn today's meeting over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Thank you. You may begin.
Ruth Wisener: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the third quarter of our 2011 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ruth Ann. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us our Q3 call. Well, our multi-protein, multi-channel value-added business model again proved effective. I'm pleased with our execution and our results.  In our press release this morning, you saw we reported $0.51 a share for the third quarter or $0.46 a share on an adjusted basis. We once again posted record sales of $8.2 billion and an overall operating margin of 3.8%. Jim will provide detail on our segments, but I'll just point out that these return on sales was near the top of the normalized range and Prepared was just under its range. In May of 2010, we raised Pork's normalized range to 46%. Because it has consistently performed above 6%, and we believe this performance is sustainable over time, we're again raising Pork's annual range to 6% to 8%.  The Chicken segment's return on sales was only 1%. But given the unexpected supply and demand imbalance in the third quarter, we're proud to say our Chicken business was profitable. We believe we're adjusting to a new paradigm where, for a prolonged period, we'll be required to get Chicken pricing to cover our costs in the upper $0.40 per pound range. To give some context, live costs have averaged in the mid-30s the past 5 or 6 years and near the mid-20s for the 2-plus decades prior to that. We believe the current input costs are here to stay. Therefore, we're focused on pricing because the current situation is simply not sustainable. On our second quarter call, we were cautious about chicken consumption, particularly at foodservice, but it was slightly worse than we, our customers or other forecasters predicted. This, along with excess production, led to market prices at or near historical lows. We now know why consumption didn't meet expectations as the Commerce Department recently released its advanced estimate of calendar Q2 GDP at a weak 1.3% and simultaneously revised calendar Q1 GDP down from 1.9% to 0.4%. Unemployment is still over 9%. Gas prices continue to take a bigger piece of disposable income with the average price of unleaded peaking at almost $4 a gallon in May. These macroeconomic factors have, of course, affected consumer behavior in both the foodservice and the retail channels. Technomics (sic) [Technomic] is currently projecting foodservice will grow in 2011 to be a negative 0.6%, which is only about 0.5% lower than our margin [ph]. As the foodservice industry continues the slow call to recovery, we'll continue working with our customers at every major market segment to bring back traffic, focusing on product innovation and promotion strategies to allow them to hit the price points consumers need to get them eating out again.  In the retail channel, all major proteins experienced dollar sales increases in April through June. And according to the Perishables Group, chicken managed about a 1% increase in pounds sold. Beef and Pork pounds were down as strong exports led to lower domestic availability. Now unfortunately, increased chicken sales weren't enough to counteract increased production. USDA data shows that pounds produced were up 2.7% versus the same quarter a year ago, while cold storage inventory increased 100 million pounds and exports were flat versus last year. Domestic availability must be in balance with demand before industry economics can improve. Tyson continuously strives to match our supply to demand. And as a result, we made a production adjustment in the third quarter. As a company, we must be even more conscientious about providing value and understanding the need for value beyond price. In response to consumer behavior, we've devoted resources to develop specific products and marketing plans to meet customer needs in this sluggish economy. We believe our balanced portfolio is key in meeting these needs, and it has played an important role in our performance relative to our competition. We'll continue investing in our business to serve our customers while improving operational efficiencies. When supply and demand rebalance, we're confident of our ability to perform even as the economy doesn't improve anytime soon. We also continue investing in our international operations. In Brazil, we're working on automation, yield improvements and mix upgrades, and we're growing our production capabilities to meet customer demand. In China, we're near start-up of our greenfield operation in Jiangsu, and we continue to be pleased with our operations in India. We're also pleased with our long-standing business in Mexico. Even though Tyson is already the largest producer of value-added chicken in Mexico, our team there is doing a great job of growing our value-added business, especially with branded products. Now that concludes my opening remarks. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a review of our segment results and then followed by Dennis with the financial report.
James Lochner: Thanks, Donnie. The Pork segment continued to perform very well with an 8.8% return on sales and an operating income of $124 million. Pork producers in general have covered increased grain costs over the past couple of years, and supplies could be up 1% to 2% year-over-year. U.S. exports in May were nearly 13% higher than a year ago, and for the third consecutive month, they exceeded 400 million pounds. While exports are strengthening, Tyson is capturing more of those exports.  As Donnie mentioned, we have raised the Pork segment's normalized operating margin to 6% to 8%. By changing our approach to margin management, we've improved our competitive position, even in times of higher hog costs. We believe we can sustain results at these levels because of our operational execution, our selling strategy and the location of our facilities relative to hog supply.  The Beef segment had a 4% return on sales on an operating income of $140 million. Their operating margin was within the normalized range despite an unusually wide fiscal Q3 North-South spread and cut across that favored our southern plants compared to our northern plants in the feed lie [ph] regions. There appeared to be a shift in beef buying patterns as well. White meat prices have been below the 5-year average, while the chop cuts, round cuts and ground beef are above the 5-year average. Even with lower middle meat prices, we've done an outstanding job of marketing our products, and we're getting paid for the value we create. In addition, cattle prices were up, which enabled feed lies [ph] to receive higher prices for their livestock. All these factors combined demonstrate than our Beef segment can still perform well while facing headwinds. Beef exports in May were 15% higher year-over-year and in the first 5 months of the calendar year. U.S. beef exports exceeded 1 billion pounds. As with pork, our share of the growing beef export market has increased. Turning to the Prepared Foods segment. On an operating income of $30 million, we produced a 3.7% return on sales. This is slightly below normalized, but we expected this due to the price lag associated with higher input costs. We still have challenges to work through in Prepared Foods, especially our lunchmeat business. We have identified the need for numerous operational improvements. The Chicken segment produced a 1% return on sales of $28 million in operating income. Although these aren't good results, I'm pleased our Chicken business remained profitable in such a difficult operating environment. Foodservice consumption appeared weaker than anticipated, and retail consumption was up slightly year-over-year. Our customer sales plans for chicken were based on uncharacteristically strong demand experienced in March and April. However, the demand from Memorial Day to July 4 didn't meet anyone's expectations. We now know that this is because the economy was much more sluggish than initially reported. Our goal is to match supply to demand. And following overproduction the industry experienced, we cut production in the third quarter, but those cuts have not yet impacted the market. Having a diverse portfolio in both foodservice and retail and a range of products on the value-added continuum put us in a good position relative to our competition and enabled us to drive value for our customers. Additionally, we continued to improve our operational efficiencies. Despite our improvements, we remain concerned about the near-term outlook for Chicken. At this point, we think the Chicken segment will lose money in fiscal Q4, but we haven't given up. And our business unit teams are working hard to hit their targets by focusing on details and margin analysis. In summary, Q3 had numerous challenges that we handled well. And I want to acknowledge the success our multiple business units had in dealing with ever-changing business fundamentals. With that, I'll turn it over to Dennis for the financial report
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie said earlier, we reported Q3 earnings of $0.51 per share or $0.46 after adjusting for an unusual tax benefit in the quarter as noted in this morning's press release. Our adjusted EPS of $0.46 compares to an adjusted $0.67 per share for the same period one year ago. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months remained solid at 22%. Capital expenditures were $150 million for the quarter and now total $469 million for the first 9 months of fiscal 2011. This amount reflects numerous capital projects that will continue to benefit us in the future with enhanced production and labor efficiencies, group yields and sales mix.  Our operating cash flow for the first 9 months was a strong $686 million despite higher input costs from grains, live cattle and hogs, which resulted in receivables and inventory being up almost $700 million compared to a year ago and up nearly $600 million since fiscal year end. Including cash, net debt was $1.5 billion, down $273 million from a year ago. Total liquidity was $1.8 billion, well above our goal of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Gross debt-to-EBITDA over the last 12 months was 1.2x, in line with our expectations. It is our goal to meet or beat 1.3x on a normal basis to ensure sound credit measures and enhance our ability to raise cost-effective capital when needed. On a net debt-to-EBITDA basis, that is, when our total cash is netted against gross debt, this measure was 0.7x. For this past quarter, our bond buybacks were $25 million, and we're again limited because bond premiums were generally above our repurchase targets. Considering the cash flow used for inventories and grains so far in fiscal 2011, I think our debt level is remarkable.  As a reminder, in May, we announced our intentions to reactivate an existing share repurchase program. Pursuant to this program, we repurchased 4.4 million shares for $80 million during the third quarter. We intend to continue repurchasing shares in Q4. The timing and extent to which we make these repurchases will depend upon, among other things, market conditions, liquidity targets, or debt obligations and regulatory requirements. Our effective tax rate for Q3 was 28.6%. Excluding the $21 million unusual tax benefit recognized, our rate would have been about 36.5%.  So here's an updated outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2011 and for a few items pertaining to fiscal 2012. Revenues for fiscal 2011 are expected to be -- to reach or exceed $32 billion, driven largely by rising raw material prices, which is an increase of more than $3 billion over fiscal 2010. We expect 2011 net interest expense to be approximately $235 million, down about $100 million from fiscal 2010. For fiscal 2012, we expect interest expense to drop to approximately $200 million. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2011 should be about 33%, or 35% excluding the $21 million tax benefit previously mentioned. Our weighted average diluted shares for the second quarter were 383 million. This reflects the dilutive effect of options and convertible bond, which fluctuate depending on our stock price performance. Additionally, given the timing of the 4.4 million repurchased shares, only half their benefit is reflected in this quarter. We will receive the full benefit in future quarters, which will impact EPS approximately 1% or $0.02 per share on an annualized basis using our current share base. We will continue to reinvest in our business, and we still expect CapEx to be around $650 million for the current year. Our spending is focused on improving the efficiency and competitiveness of our domestic and foreign operations. While $650 million is down from our previous estimate, this amount is still well above our annual depreciation and amortization level of approximately $520 million for fiscal 2011. Our preliminary capital expenditures plan for fiscal 2010 is similar to fiscal 2011. We will use excess cash to repurchase notes when available at attractive rates. From the standpoint of debt maturities, we do not have any significant debt coming due until fiscal 2014. The balance on our 8.25% notes due October 2011 was $295 million as of July 2. We plan to retire these notes on the last day of the fiscal year with cash on hand, which was $981 million at the end of Q3. In closing, our diversified business models are working well on a combined basis. We're in a strong financial position with solid debt ratios along with a strong liquidity position and capital structure. This will enable us to continue delivering results in a challenging environment. This concludes our prepared remarks, and I'll ask Candy to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Akshay Jagdale, KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: My question is really on Chicken, of course an observation. Based on where corn and soybean meal prices are today and what you've said about costs being up in the quarter, it looks like Tyson would need about a 4% to 5% increase in revenues to offset grain costs in fiscal '12, and about a 10% increase in revenues to offset or to get to normalized margins. So if you can comment on that, that will be great. But the question really is, where does -- in your opinion, where do USDA ag stat data need to be over the 6 to 9 months for Tyson to be within its normalized EBIT margin range for Chicken? And if you can just quantify the company-specific initiatives on mix and yield that you're pursuing for fiscal '12, that would also help. I'm just trying to get a sense of when can you get to a normal margin in Chicken and how you plan on getting that.
Donnie Smith: Okay, let me start with this, Akshay. I'm hoping that my comments will be a little helpful. But I got a tell you I'm a little hesitant to comment on the percent reduction because there's so much you don't know when you talk about that number. Ag stats and placements are great leading indicators, but in the end, what really matters is the amount of slaughter pounds that are on the market each week. That's what really determines the market pricing structure. And so you got so many different sizes of birds that just reducing head placed by 5% or 6% doesn't necessarily you'll get a commensurate reduction in pounds 6 or 8 weeks later. So we spend a lot of time analyzing this. And I want to back up into history and hopefully give you a decent picture of an environment that we see that was favorable for us. So let's go back to third quarter of '09, April, May June of '09. In that quarter, we generated around a 9 -- 6%, excuse me, about a 6% return on sales. Now back then, the USDA weekly production was around 860 million pounds a week. So looking at this year's data, we now know why April, May, June was as weak as it was because the weekly production was 930 million pounds in that quarter. On top of that, you had 100 million pounds more in cold storage than you had back in the same period in '09. And I think it's obvious to everyone demand was certainly no better. So really, the pricing environment shouldn't be a surprise. The other thing, like we mentioned a little earlier, you got to figure that our live cost is now about $0.10 a pound higher than it was in 2009. So you got to take that into account, too. Now in terms of the whole revenue improvement thing, let me take a shot at that one this way. And then, Jim, if you want to clean up after me, as -- that's be good. But let's say, okay, our live cost is up $0.10 a pound. So breast meat is roughly around 23% to live. So if you held everything else constant, then divide $0.10 a pound by 0.23, you're going to get around $0.45 a pound, something like that. So that gives you kind of an indicator of what market conditions would be need to be. And I guess, Jim, do you want to add something to that? And we may need to pause and give you your follow-up to make sure we're on target with your question.
James Lochner: Yes, the only thing I'd add is on the April, May and June, when you look at the difference, that it's -- between April to May and April to June, that's when you really see the enlightenment because June was record pounds of production, and that's when the steep pricing pressure occurred. And we had the biggest all-time increase from April to June at 4.3% increased pounds produced. So that'd be the only clarity. Don't just a look at the quarter because it blends the average. The increase really went from April, May to June at -- year-over-year at 5%. And when you look at the pricing relative to the prior years, you'll see a lot seasonal slaughter pounds.
Donnie Smith: All right, so it's probably time for your follow-up to make sure we're on target.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Yes, that is very helpful. Just -- I understand that it's very hard to predict what the rest of the industry is going to do. So I just -- if you can help us with the company-specific initiatives, right? So you're assuming that the industry is going to do what it's going to do, but you know what your cost structure is going to be. So I'm trying to get a sense of how -- what does your plan look like from a Tyson-specific cost reduction yield improvement side for fiscal for '12? And I'm assuming it's going to be more than it was or you'll try to get more savings than you are going to 3 months ago because of the outlook now. So can you help us with mix and yield? I mean, the $0.10 increase in costs, how much of that do you expect to be offset by mix and yield improvements, which are Tyson specific?
Donnie Smith: Okay, great. Okay, now back on target, okay? This year, we were projecting about a $200 million improvement in operating efficiencies. Through Q3, we're at $143 million. So still on target. Probably didn't have hardly the same run rate in Q3 as we had in previous quarters, but still racing for that. And looking forward for the next 5 quarters or so -- and I got to tell you our teams are in the process right now of getting their fiscal '12 plans together and making the commitments on their cost savings, but it'll look like this. We see some improvement, very significant improvement in live production across our business. You will continue to see yield improvements in our operating efficiencies. As we continue to spend capital against these businesses, we're de-bottlenecking lines, providing us with not only a lower cost throughput but also increased capability that allows us to consolidate products online and run them more efficiency (sic) [efficiently]. You'll continue to see us spend against these facilities going on into '12, as we have been. We think it -- our Chicken business is a great business to invest in. Also, we've had significant improvements so far in labor and line efficiencies. I think you'll continue to see that. So those are the areas. In terms of the quantity, I don't think I can put the same concrete dollar value on '12 that we had in '11 yet, but that is something that we would want to be talking about maybe on our next call. Okay?
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Perfect. And one last one. When do you think -- what's your best guess on when you might get into a normalized range? I mean -- or if you don't want to be specific on that, can you at least say that it's not going to be in the next 2 quarters, 3 quarters? Anything you can help in terms of timing.
Donnie Smith: Akshay , I'll tell you, we still got a corn crop standing in the field. And the month of August, as we saw last year, is very important in the crops' yield. And so it's just too early for us to talk about that. Honestly, hey, we want to get there as fast as we can, but it's just too early to make that call, okay? Appreciate it.
Operator: Next question, Jeff Farmer, Jefferies Research.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I just wanted to follow up on that conversation. It looks like your average sales price in the Chicken segment was up 10% in the quarter. Just curious what really was the driver of that big increase and how sustainable that is moving forward.
Donnie Smith: Oh, yes. I'd tell you what drove that is great quality, great service and innovative capabilities that deserve a price increase. We add a lot of value to our customers' business, and our goal is to always get paid for that value. So as we continue to focus on their business and grow their business, we get rewarded for that, for the value that we create. So that's why our focus is always on adding that value.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And just to be clear on that, so are you going out there yourselves? People having these pricing conversations, retail and the foodservice channels? And you're working this, you're basically explaining to them what you're offering now and how it's different from the last couple of years and you're essentially asking for higher prices? How should I think about what you just said?
Donnie Smith: Absolutely. That is exactly how you should think about what we just said.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. You touched on this, but breast inventory, obviously up huge. I think it's close to 50% year-over-year. Again, I know this is hard to answer, but what is the precedent for this industry being able to work down that number? It look like they hit it in '06 and '08 in terms of absolute breast inventory levels. But what is the precedent? How do we get this number down in the next couple of quarters if it's possible?
Donnie Smith: That's hard to say specifically because the production, the amount of production weighs on that number, too. So if production falls pretty rapidly, obviously you'd have a chance to chew through that inventory. But if it doesn't, it could take a while. So it really does depend on the pounds produced and that weekly pounds of slaughter number that you see from USDA. That is a key number.
Operator: Next question, Farha Aslam, Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: A question on your Chicken segment. I mean, clearly, in this quarter, it performed extraordinarily well, which is awesome. But going forward, you have some cautious commentary in your press release, and we want to understand just kind of how cautious we should be on the fourth quarter, and kind of your outlook for Chicken in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So first, I don't want you thinking about Q4 of '08, okay? It's hard for me to be really descriptive because see, when you're adjusting your production, on the front end of that period you get the cost increase, but you haven't seen the revenue materialize yet. And so we're now experiencing the front-end cost impact of taking the production out, and then we expect to see that the revenue on the tail end of the quarter will be helping get our business back into profitability. So it's a little bit hard on that timing, but I think what you should expect, is it not, to look like that -- I think it was, like, Q3, I mean, excuse me, Q4 of '08 was like negative 3 8 [ph]. I want you thinking that deep of a number, okay? And hey, these guys -- let me tell you, these cars guys are focused, laser focused on their spend, folks in our plants are doing a great job staying focused on making sure there's great quality in the box, and we're done a super job on our service. So our team is doing everything they could do to get this thing turned back into the wind, but it's just going to take a little time for the costs to roll through this quarter. There's about a -- probably somewhere in the neighborhood of a 8- to 12-week lag on the grain cost side. And in Q3, we experienced some of the highest grain costs. So it just takes a little time for that to work its way through.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then for the full year or this year, previously you had said that your number for this year could -- EPS number could be kind of within that GAAP number level of 2010, which is about $2.06. Clearly, the markets in Chicken have been far worse than anyone anticipated. Kind of as you go look forward for 2011 into 2012, is -- are you thinking kind of $1.80 to $1.90? I know you don't give guidance, but is that sort of the right place to be? Or can you still hit that $2 level?
Donnie Smith: Chicken fundamentals are definitely going to weigh on earnings. So I think it's going to be tough to make the $2 on an adjusted basis right now. But listen, we are fighting hard, and we think it should be possible on a GAAP basis. Now we're working hard on that. We think it'll be close, let's say it that way. We think it could be close on a GAAP basis. Now, looking on in '12, now this is August. We've got a corn crop still standing, so it's way early on '12. But in Beef and Pork, we don't really see any changes to the way the supply and demand fundamentals are set up. So -- in Prepared Foods, I hope to see some improvement there as we're able to get our pricing on top of this raw material inflation we've seen. For Chicken, it's just so hard to make predictions this early when we don't have as much visibility as we need on the cost side through the corn crop, et cetera. So you might think of Chicken kind of as a mirror opposite of '11 where we got off to a great start, done it -- finishing a bit slow. And I think in '12, you start a little bit slow, but you finish better. So that's about as clear a picture as we could paint for rest of '11 and '12. So working hard on it.
Operator: Next question, Christina McGlone, Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Donnie, you -- in the press release, it talks about a loss in Chicken in the fiscal fourth quarter, but then an impact because of the cuts late in the fourth quarter and into '12. And I guess that -- given the fact that we seasonally see less demand in the fall and that you do have all this cold storage, and then I don't know what the industry is doing in terms of weights, maybe you could talk about the weight issue and how much is structural and how much it could actually come down, do you really see being profitable in Chicken in the fiscal first quarter and the December quarter?
Donnie Smith: Wouldn't rule it out. But you got remember that corn crop, all right? I mean, our Q1 cost of goods sold in Chicken on the non-operational side, so the feed ingredients side of that, is going to be largely established in August, September and first half October. So we're entering that period now. Certainly, our objective is to get through this dip as quickly as we can and get back in the black as soon as possible. So we're pushing hard to see that.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And then what about the weights? Can you talk how much is structurally people shifting to big birds or shifting to bigger birds within big birds, and how much could actually come out so we can understand, when we see heads cut, how we have to offset that with higher weights?
Donnie Smith: We really can't add anything to -- you aren't talking about us and our big bird group. And really across our portfolio, we've adjusted head in all of the segments in our diversified Chicken portfolio. And in our big bird group, we've taken our weights down. So I couldn't tell you what the rest of industry is doing, though.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And the weights that you've -- the weights you've taken down, would we have seen in the data yet or not yet?
Donnie Smith: Probably -- no. No, you wouldn't have seen that yet. We've had -- that started right after -- maybe just a tad, but right around the Fourth of July period. And it just wouldn't -- not had a chance to kind of work through yet. It'll be in probably last half, August-type time period, something like that.
Operator: Next, Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just on your comments relative to your outlook, I guess, on Pork being a little better consistently going forward, a little curious on what you expect demand to do at these higher prices. Or if because so much of it is being driven by exports, if maybe price is less impactful on overall demand kind of?
James Lochner: Let me -- this is Jim. I'll try that. Obviously, we're -- on wholesale prices, domestic availability or disappearance, or some people call it, is a primary driver. And with exports being as strong as they are, we've seen the reaction in wholesale prices with the aggregated $1.08 to almost a $1.09 cut-out. And I can't tell you -- if consumption starts to shift, obviously prices will come down. That's the best I can do on that. But I would say that if you look backwards, most people would be shocked, would have never forecasted these higher prices. But we've seen, again, domestic availability continue to decline with increasing exports.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And just with the productivity increases that we're seeing now, it looks like a lot more hogs here going into the fourth quarter. Wondering, are you expecting maybe margins actually improve as we go forward? Is that part of why you've raised your kind of normalized outlook? Or is it tied to this really strong export demand?
James Lochner: No, the increase isn't tied. Really, the exports, it's really tied entirely to our operational improvement, just the selling strategies, our operating strategies, our supply chain management. And hogs keep -- are going to be produced where the grain sources are there. So it's the combination of things, not really one variable. The export prices, as they relate to higher wholesale prices, usually result in higher hog costs. So that's really -- we can -- that strong relationship with revenue to hog costs exists. So our job is to maximize revenue, manage mix, manage yields, managed selling strategies and really stay focused on what we have control over. So it's really not related to that at all.
Operator: Next, Kenneth Goldman, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you guys talk a little bit more about your uses of cash going forward? You talked about share repurchases in the press release, but there were a few, I guess, smaller Chicken processors struggling with their balance sheets right now. If some of these guys came to market, right, even if you yourself were in supply reduction mode, would you be willing to look at some of the assets? Or would you just kind of rather let them go away and have that take care of supply on their end?
Donnie Smith: Let me start and then I want Dennis to add a little bit of color here. First, we like to have lots of options. And fortunately, our balance sheet and our cash position gives us that, to maybe the latter part of your question first, and then bouncing back to the what are we -- then what are we going to do. We review a lot of proposals. Frankly, we're just really not seeing anything that we believe will give an acceptable return for us and for our shareholders. Now it's not to say we aren't open to acquisitions. We are. We just haven't seen anything yet that we're interested in. We own a lot of raw material. We've got great facilities, great people, great products, great product innovation, capabilities, and we believe that we can create a lot of value by investing in the efficiencies in our current facilities versus anything that we've seen to acquire. So that's where we stand on that one. And I'll let Dennis comment on the uses of cash, kind of the front-end part of your question.
Dennis Leatherby: Ken, it's really not much different than before. We're just re-investing in our business, like Donnie just said. We're maintaining enough cushion to weather the cyclical environment that we're in, whether it be grain costs or any other thing that comes our way. So as I mentioned in my remarks that we want to keep up a base amount of liquidity, a certain leverage target, we think that's to our advantage from a capital structure and raising capital cheap standpoint. We will buy back some stock, and we'll also buy back some bonds that are cheap enough, but we think that having a sound capital structure with a lot of liquidity is to our advantage, and we'll maintain that.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then one follow-up on what you guys said earlier. Can you give us some color on your feet hedges in terms of how we should model them? I might have thought you were more hedged into the December and March quarters. But given what you said, maybe you were a little bit closer to the market in that. Just how we should think about that?
Donnie Smith: Okay. I'll tell you a little bit about process and then a little bit about going forward. Again, we like options. We like options in our balance sheet, we like options in the grain markets. What we really want to do is just provide a ceiling so that the corn costs just can't get away from us and our teams can be effective as they go to their customers and begin to add value. And that way, we keep our cost structure. I don't know what exactly the right word is, but we keep our cost structure optimized without taking a lot of risk. Now going forward, looking into the -- and again, by the way, when we talk about grain and its impact, unless we otherwise note it, we are always talking about that quarter's cost of goods sold. So it takes a while for that to work through, but we're always looking ahead at the cost of good, not necessarily purchases during that particular quarter. So as we look forward, we've got some, not a whole lot, of our Q1 cost of goods sold locked down, feel pretty good about where that is. But going forward, there's just so much we don't know about this crop. We had a similar experience, if you'll remember, back in '08 when corn ran up to $7, $8, and then came down to $5.70, which is $1.30 lower than where we are today. Now I understand the different supply and demand fundamentals, but if you go back to what we were thinking then, struggling economy, what would crude do, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, we locked in some, I don't know, well, it was, $5.75, $6 corn, something like that. Corn went down to $3. So we're not going to do that again, and there is just too much unknown for us to feel comfortable about going long a lot of corn. And then if you look at the options premiums, very, very expensive going out front end of the margin in May time periods to buy options. So you're really paying way too much for that insurance right now.
Operator: Next question, Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just I didn't hear. How much did you cut production?
Donnie Smith: Well, you're right, you didn't hear that. Let me try to add a little clarity there for you. Obviously, our demand planning looking out front told us that we needed to make a production adjustment so we could get our pounds in line with current customer demand. I can tell you our adjustment was across the entire portfolio, all bird classes. Our volume reduction was in head and pounds. And our reduction, I'll say this, for the balance of the calendar year is generally in line with the year-over-year decline in the USDA ag stat data.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Are you making a structural change to your bird weight? I know that at one time you were increasing your bird weight. Is there a thought that maybe you're structurally now reducing the size of your birds in certain operations? Is that a fair statement?
Donnie Smith: In certain, yes. But in general, our plan is to remain diversified. I mean, we have some birds in small birds, some birds in the chilled pack sizes, some birds in deboning sizes. And we've got some big birds. We are taking the weight in our big birds down just because the feed conversion against those big 8-pound birds with $7, $8, $9 corn, is just -- the economics just aren't there. So we're pulling those weights down. But in -- no, there's no other shift other than to be able to keep the bird sizes at the appropriate level for which they are grown.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So just to make sure I understand, you guys are cutting in line with the industry? Not exceeding. You're just keeping up with whatever the industry numbers are just to participate as a, I guess, as a solid citizen type of thing. Is that fair?
Donnie Smith: No. Our production adjustment is in line with what our forward-looking demand is. Hey, our inventories, Ken, we're in good shape. And as we look forward, we look at the demand against our products. And so we take into account how much we have in inventory, what's our production against that demand, what are our service requirements and how much production do we need to meet that demand. And that's always what runs our math. Like a lot of folks, we got a little over revved. The Lenten seasons had very strong demand. And when you make a production decision in Chicken, you really make that 3 months out in advance, right? And so with that strong early April, we had production in line for May, June, July, for that third period. Well, when Memorial Day was a little softer than we thought, we said, "Got to watch this close, we've got to be very careful about our Fourth of July." And then when Fourth of July was just kind of okay at best, we knew it was time to change in the -- our demand forecast had shifted downward. And we made a production adjustment to accommodate that forward shift in our demand forecast. That's exactly how the process worked.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my last question. In terms of managing the cattle supply, can you talk about how you and Tyson can actually keep these margins in the Beef packer side given that the cattle supply seems to be pulled pretty aggressively up and there might be a, call it hole in the supply? I don't know if that's a good word, but can you talk about how you're managing that and how does that work out?
James Lochner: Well, let me try to answer that. I'm not positive what your question really means because what happened is drought pulled cattle and the feed guys are being backgrounded. That really means that they are in the pipeline for the future. Now -- and when cattle are placed at an earlier weight at an earlier age, you got a lot more latitude as to when you manage your out time simply because you have more options in the amount -- and what -- how you feed them to hit an end point. So I don't really look at any major issues going into fiscal '12. Now this drought, obviously, is very severe, and it is actually pulling cows out of production. And so out front in '13, we'll have to be concerned about fiscal '12's cattle crop and how that looks. But again, what happens is the most efficient feedlots are the ones that end up getting the feeders. Our plants set in those good zones, and then we really focus all of our attention on maximizing our revenues through a variety of different programs to include exports, to include value-added programs and then keeping our costs in line and the cattle costs, what the revenue delivers. And so that's really the nature of the spread business, which is why we've been able to navigate through that. So we optimize our revenues and minimize our costs and really pay attention to the supply chains out front. So that's really the answer. There is no prescriptive way other than you manage lot of details.
Operator: Next question, Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: In beef, all the details for us have been helpful. But I guess what I want to understand, the sort of existential Chicken question, is you guys have talked about losing money in Chicken in the quarter that's upcoming. But then you're also talking about producing according to demand. So I guess what is it about your operations or about the industry that's causes you to define demand as a loss-making sale? Like what -- why -- now that you're looking at your forward book and negative margins, why don't you just keep cutting production? Why do you just, as you say, well, keep producing as long as the customer wants to buy even though we're going to lose money on it?
Donnie Smith: Well, first of all, I don't think we said that. The situation that our industry is in today is unsustainable. If you look across the industry data, I'm sure you can get lots of data sources that could tell you what the average integrator is losing, and it's not sustainable. We have plans to continue to improve not only our operational efficiencies but also our revenues. You saw our revenue increase in Q3. We intend to continue to get paid for the value that we add. And as we do that, our demand should shift towards us because we're adding value to our customers' business. And for that, we'll have profitable sales going forward. We've said we are going to take a dip in Q4. We're working hard to make sure that's a very temporary, short-term thing and we're back on top of it in subsequent quarters and seeing successive quarter-over-quarter gains from that dip forward. That's our plan.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So is it fair then to say that you believe with your operations and competitive advantages that you have business and market share opportunity for you?
Donnie Smith: Look, we have -- we've gained some share, I think, so far. Mainly, what we're doing, though, is matching supply and demand, making sure that we're providing value to our customers. And as our customers grow, we're growing with them and, in a lot of cases, we're helping them with that growth. I mean, there's categories where our growth is the growth. So that's what we do.
Operator: Next question, Tim Ramey, D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Donnie, you're doing a great job of being very circumspect in your comments, and appropriately so. But maybe, with my more bullish rose-colored glasses on, I mean, you guys are outperforming the industry, you're cutting production, you had surging exports, the risk to corn is probably to the downside and Beef and Pork continuing strong. I mean, what -- is it crazy to have a pretty bullish outlook here?
Donnie Smith: No, I don't think it's crazy. I think it's exciting. We're -- we -- this team continues to not only work on the cost side but also on the revenue side of the equation. I mean, we've got lots of folks that are -- and by the way, in all of the segments, I'm not just concentrating on Chicken now, but that are finding new ways and new answers for our customers that are providing them with the, frankly, much needed help during a pretty sluggish economy, whether it's working with, say, retail customers in ways to plan productions around when snack payments are going to come due, whether it's an opportunity -- or where -- snack carts are loaded, sorry, whether it's working in our foodservice on new Pizza Toppings. We've announced recently we're adding production in pepperoni because of this -- we're -- I guess we're the nation's probably largest or certainly one of the largest pizza topping manufacturers. And so we're continuing to expand that part of our business. Our Red Label line in foodservice is doing great. It's a very good option for foodservice operators and distributors today. So lots of stuff that we're doing to add value. Hey, adding value in -- we're finding opportunities to use poultry meat, chicken meat as a key ingredient in some processed items, whether it be lunchmeat, sausages, et cetera, finding ways to use chicken as a lower cost alternative in those meat box. That's all good stuff in the future.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Good stuff. If I could...
James Lochner: And I had one real quick comment, that -- just so you connect this dot. And that is, we have been spending a lot of money in our core businesses and will continue to do so, which drives maximizing net revenue, drives efficiency and keeps us across-the-board trying to be the most competitive in producing protein. And that is across all segments. So just in case you missed that point. And then lastly, we drive a tremendous amount of innovation for our customers. And as we said many -- and as Donnie said many times in this call, that's how you differentiate yourself. So yes, we are bullish.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And if I could just follow up with you, Jim. Two things. One, how do you see the export situation in calendar '12? It seems to me that we're just going to have to continued double-digit export growth. And then would you agree with my statement that the risk to corn is to the downside here? It's sounds like from your positioning for the 1Q, you do, but I'd love to hear your thoughts on that.
James Lochner: Exports, I think, will continue to grow, as we've stated on multiple prior quarters. When we saw these production pullbacks initiated in the post-'08 period, they didn't happen just here, they happened across the world. And we continue to see demand increase across the world, so that balance is driving that. The weak dollar obviously has helped. But again, there's not a place with the life cycle of the livestock to go adequately have that back in the short run. Corn is too early. I mean, these yield estimates are coming out this week. So I'm going to wait for those before I make a comment because there's certainly enough people out in the country looking at just what the condition of the crop is. So they are seeing just -- you are seeing some demand destruction because you're seeing some feed rationing, alternative feed utilization. And I'll have to see what happens on methanol production and exports because the price of the corn have shifted some of the economics of usage around it.
Operator: Next question, Diane Geissler, CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Hey, I have a 2-part question. So I'm hearing you say that you think Chicken margins will bottom either in the fourth quarter or first quarter, 1 of the 2, based on where the grain market is today. And then my second question or part B of the first question would be, I just want to clarify, when you talk about fiscal '12 versus your GAAP $2.06 in fiscal '10, I guess, is what we're referencing here, sorry, yes, fiscal '11 versus fiscal '10, you still think you can still make it in that GAAP range?
Donnie Smith: Okay, so let me take the first part first, and the answer to that is yes.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So either the fourth quarter or the first quarter, somewhere in there is going to bottom and then...
James Lochner: Yes. Diane, it's kind of the -- the reason is a little unclear is because of the lag feeds on the grain when that works its way into the cost of goods. So we're kind of lagging that end now. You're lagging in the fix-cost absorption issues on the production adjustment now. And then as you move forward, then you kind of settle out there, and the revenue in Pork starts coming later. So how well that timing works? Now, it worked perfectly on our quarter, but that's the calendar -- that's the part of the calendar that they think in that way. And then on the other question, yes, we'll be disappointed if we're not up in that $2 range, again, in '12. We really will. We've got a great business, great plans, great people, great products, great product innovation. We got a great team on the field. And so our team's focused, and we think the thing is set up to give us an opportunity. We got a little dip here in the Chicken deal. But we'll get through that, and we'll get revenue up on top of this cost structure and we'll be good. But hey, we're going to have to live with this $0.40-ish live costs, in that mid-40s area for a prolonged period of time. So we're going to have to focus our business on getting paid for that. We add a lot of value to our customers, and we're going to be focused on getting paid for that.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Well, I guess the question is why wouldn't fiscal '12 be up? Because if Chicken is bottoming in your fiscal fourth quarter and then improving, supposedly, Pork is going to be somewhere in the 6% to 8% range, beef should be basically in line, your interest is down and you're buying in shares, why wouldn't fiscal '12 earnings be better than fiscal '11 earnings?
James Lochner: I like the way you're thinking. I'm not going to say it won't be. Now there's -- our cautionary note is around the uncertainty in coal. So now I feel certain that over time, we would get the revenue we need to cover that cost. I feel certain over the long term, we'll get paid for that. What quarter it falls in and whether the upside in the back end is as strong as we need it to be to get Chicken back in its normalized range during '12, it's just in August, in early August, it's just a little early for us to call that.
Operator: Next question, Ryan Oksenhendler from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to clarify this on -- for fiscal '12. I appreciate the commentary that you gave on the call about Chicken. But in your press release, according to current futures, it says that high grain costs will be higher in 2012, and you expect to offset a portion of that with operational price and mix improvements. So that leads me to believe that you actually think your margins for the full year will be down next year. Is that the correct way to think about it? I know it's really early.
James Lochner: Yes. No, it's not, Ryan. It's just too early to tell. Certainly, our intention is to offset grain costs as we had been doing. You think back since '08, we've got almost $800 million in operation -- in operating efficiencies in the poultry segment alone. Now there's still a little more meat on that bone, and we intend to work hard to get that in 2012. So our intention in '12 is to offset the higher grain costs with operating efficiencies, which would include things like labor management, yield management, our line production management, all those kind of categories, and improvements in revenue and the pricing structure of our products. We simply have to get paid for the value we're providing.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's fair. And just a question, a quick follow-up. I guess. In terms of your Prepared Foods segment, I guess the -- mainly with your Pork profit margins, would you be willing to pull back on your Prepared Foods business a little bit with Pork margins almost double what they are in Prepared Foods, in -- or the cuts of meat that are going to Prepared Foods earning a higher margin than they would if they stayed in Pork?
Donnie Smith: No, not at all. As a matter of fact, we think the Prepared Foods area is a great growth area for us. And remember, not only is our Prepared Foods business value-added, at least in Pork items, lunchmeat, deli meats, pizza toppings, et cetera, we also have a good season and sauce business. We have a very good appetizer business, we've got a good tortilla chip business, a lot of complementary businesses with the -- the pizza toppings business is very strong, pizza crusts. So we have a very good diversified Prepared Foods business, and we fully intend to grow that business.
Operator: Next question, Stephen Share, Morgan Joseph.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: I just want to ask -- I want to clarify. It's been talked about a couple of times, but just so I'm clear. What you're saying is for fiscal 2011, your GAAP number will be close to $2.06, and then for the adjustment, it'd be $1.98. And what I'm understanding you're saying, you'll be disappointed if next year isn't at least as good as kind of that $1.98, $2 number. Would that be a fair statement of what you're saying?
James Lochner: Okay, I like your '12 part, maybe even a little better than that, but your front-end part, what we're trying to say is, we think that our GAAP number, we have an opportunity to push that close to $2. There's still just a little bit unknown about whether or not we're going to be able to do that. But man, we think there's a possibility, so it could happen. But on the adjusted side, as I stand flat-footed today, it's going to be tough to make $2 on the adjusted side. But we got to get -- we got a shot at GAAP. We're working on it.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Got it. And then really, what I want to ask about was on the Park side, your guidance, you talked about how you expect Pork supplies to be kind of comparable to what they were in fiscal 2011. And you've generally been able -- you've kind of guided that that's flat, but you beat that a little bit. It seems like if you were able to procure more pork, that you would be able to sell it pretty profitably. Is there any plans in place to try and get more pork? Is it just to tough to get to the hogs right now? Or what's the situation there? And how could we maybe push that number instead of flat volumes to positive volumes in '12?
Donnie Smith: Well, let me answer that by saying the pipeline with the sow herd and the advances in productivity and the infrastructure and facilities probably is going to keep that in that 1% to 2%, and which will be predominately an increased productivity. And that's a fine balance. We don't -- basically, we're -- we really try to make sure that we're optimizing our revenue and our plant efficiency and we don't really have to add anything to absorb 1% to 2% or subtract anything to decrease 1% to 2%. So that's a really -- that's actually less hog than around in '07 and '08. So we're basically really trying to manage the spread again for the -- maximize revenue, and the hog costs will follow it. And we operate in trying to be the most efficient and maximize yields, product mix, export sales, et cetera. That's a really -- not -- now 1% to 2% is a fairly low change.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: I see.
Operator: Next question, Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Hey, I was just looking at cash flow. It's been really strong for the last 3 years. And then when I look at your CapEx spending, it's really or most of it is in Chicken, which leads me to believe that the cash flow in Beef and Pork but must be just outstanding. So I guess my question is, over the next couple of years, when do you think you can -- your CapEx spending on Chicken can kind of come back more closer to a maintenance level? You've made a lot of investments. They've been very fruitful for you. But really, if you look at Chicken, I don't think Chicken has been cash flow-positive at all over the last few years. So I guess if you can get to a maintenance level at some point, wouldn't that have a big step-up for your overall cash flow as a company?
Donnie Smith: Okay. Well, number one, we don't view -- we look at cash as just cash. So we don't -- Chicken get to spend the cash they generate. Beef, Pork spend the cash they generate there for us. So we just look at cash as cash. And what we do is -- when we look at capital investments is we look at the opportunities in areas in our business where we feel that we can add the capability that we need to continue to grow our business efficiently out into the future. In the latter half of 2010 and most of 2011, Chicken did get a disproportional amount of the CapEx. But I'll tell you what. Our Chicken business had lots of opportunity with what we would call low-risk, high-return-type projects. And by that, I don't mean that -- like they're -- what I don't mean is they're MR-type projects. They're just projects where we know that the risk is low that we'll get the money. We want to get, for example, putting in a cone [ph] line to hand deboned breast meat instead of mechanically deboning it. Well, we've done it over and over and over again, and we pretty much know exactly what the return is going to be in that capital. So that is a low-risk, high-return type of -- type opportunity, so we're going to invest in that. So looking out into the future, it appears that there's still good opportunity in various parts of our business. We announced here just the other day that we're going to invest $48 million in pepperoni capacity. There are still opportunities in our Chicken segment. There's opportunities in our Beef and Pork segment to improve operational efficiencies and that type of thing. So what we're really looking at is using our cash where it provides us an opportunity to differentiate, continue to grow and continue to return not only for our customers but also for our shareholders. And that's really how we view our cash. Dennis, you want and any color to that?
Dennis Leatherby: The only thing I would add is -- with respect to Chicken is we have continuing opportunities in the international businesses, in China, in Brazil, and we'll continuing to build them out. So that'll be a part of the CapEx picture as we go forward.
James Lochner: The other point I'd make is our goal is pretty simple, and that we is know when we have projected for maintenance and repair that don't have a return. We really motivate our operations to try to find cost improvement, yield improvement, revenue improvement with the return to costs, as that maintenance and repairs, so that we're always aggregating. And that really helps keep us extremely competitive. So there's a philosophy and a strategy around CapEx.
Operator: Next question, Lindsay Drucker [ph] Mann, Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just 2 quick ones. First of all, you talk about expecting for in Chicken industry production to be down in fiscal '12 versus '11. Can you just comment on the quarterly pace of that decline? How frontloaded it would be versus back end?
Donnie Smith: Really don't know. I mean, so far, we've seen excess chicks place down 5% or 6%. The total production, as we talked about early in the call, is really going to depend a lot on weight as well. We really don't know anything about that yet and probably won't for a few more weeks. So it's just too early to comment.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess just a down slightly piece, given the recent pace, suggests maybe growth by the end of next year or the end of the next fiscal year. And I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that.
Donnie Smith: For us, we will continue to, as we project our forecast forward on what pullets are going to be, what our demand is going to look like, that's what we're going to adjust our production to. So it's just way too early to be able to tell what the back half of '12 is going to look like.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then secondly, curious if you could give us some of your perspective on what you're seeing from some of the smaller producers who have not weathered through the first -- year-to-date some of the challenges in the industry, what you're seeing those people doing.
Donnie Smith: Honestly, Lindsay, all we get is what we read in the papers. So I don't know.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, all right.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ann Gurkin, Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I just want to ask one more question about chickens. You talk about production cuts, but what do you think is the risk that this will be enough for both you and the industry? In other words, demand may be -- softens more than expected another round of production cuts is required?
Donnie Smith: It -- time will tell. I can tell you that the current environment is unsustainable. And we have an old saying around here, "Best cure for low prices is low prices." And so I think the answer is one of timing. So it's just too early to tell. We've seen, what, 5 or 6, 7 weeks now of excess and chicks priced down in that 5 or 6 area. Given that your small bird grow up, time. And then on end of the longer time it takes for your big birds to grow up, I think we'll start seeing the impact of whatever those cuts were here in the next 2, 3 weeks. And then we'll probably have a little bit better view of what this thing will look like. It's just too early.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Before we go, let me take this opportunity to welcome our newest board member, Kathleen Bader, to our board. We look forward to working with her. There's a press release late last week, if you haven't seen that. And I also want to reemphasize that I'm still very confident about this company, about our ability to execute. The challenges aren't going to go away anytime soon, so it remains imperative that we stay focused on helping our customers grow their business and getting paid for the value that we add to their business. And we're going to do that. We'll keep are reinvesting in our business, and we'll keep returning value to our shareholders. So thanks for joining us today, and you all have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Again, that does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Ruth Wisener - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary
Analysts: Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Diane Geissler - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Ma'am, you may begin.
Ruth Wisener: Good morning, and thank you for joining today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the second quarter of our 2011 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business.  On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ruth Ann. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter call. In our press release this morning, you saw that we reported $0.42 a share, which is the same as we reported in the second quarter last year. Sales were $8 billion, which is a record, and over $1 billion more than the second quarter of 2010.  Our overall operating margin was 3.8%. As expected, all segments, with the exception of Chicken, we're in or above their normalized ranges. Chicken [indiscernible]. We believe it will continue to be profitable in both the third and fourth quarters. Grain hedges were a factor in Chicken's profitability but not the only factor. We continued to work on operational efficiencies, which played a big role. Jim will go into more detail about that and our efforts to increase revenue in Chicken in a moment during his comments on our segment performance. In terms of domestic demand, we usually see some fall off at the beginning of Lent, but we didn't see that this year. And on the other hand, we typically get an uptick after Easter, but demand has been slow, probably due to the bad weather experienced in much of the country. The slow economic recovery is still a factor as well. After a fairly steady increases, consumer confidence dropped in March. Rising gas and food prices continued to reduce disposable income. According to Nielsen, consumers are likely to remain conservative and hold on to many of the behaviors they adopted during in the early stages of the recession, including eating out less, value-conscious shopping and increased use of coupons. One difference we're seeing is that consumers are now making more frequent, smaller retail trips to help manage cash flow. Retail beef and pork prices are very strong and, eventually, this should support chicken prices. Our chicken prices mostly increased to cover this unprecedented grain costs increases. We are seeing more future activity in chicken this summer in both retail and food service. And chicken is still a more affordable option for people trying to feed their families in tough economic times. In our November call, we predicted foodservice sales would be flat to up 1% and volume might be up around 1%. Now based on the industry data we studied, we predict foodservice sales to increase slightly from our earlier projection in dollar sales, driven primarily by menu price inflation, but volume growth to be flat. The menu mix is shifting towards value and some operators are compensating for higher prices with special deals. So in general, I was cautiously optimistic about our brighter outlook for the foodservice sector based on earlier unemployment figures, but as gas prices continue to rise, my optimism is waning. And I believe we can expect to see an impact on traffic at both QSR and casual dining. Our international startups are making steady progress. In China and India, we continue to improve our live and processing operations. We're also getting the management teams in place that can drive long-term volume and earnings growth in both those countries. In Brazil, we're upgrading our product mix while focusing on yields and labor cost management. This mix upgrade will allow for more profitable exports, as well as growth with major domestic retailers. Our long-standing Mexico business is driving value-added growth through new product innovation and a commitment to quality. Switching gears a bit, I'd like to say a few words about the devastating storms experienced in Alabama less than 2 weeks ago. Our hearts go out to the victims and they've been in my prayers. Tyson Foods was very fortunate considering the destruction in the area. Two of our plants in Northern Alabama were not damaged, although both lost electricity for a while. Now while some of our growers lost a few houses and others experienced varying levels of damage, in total, we lost less than 200,000 birds, which is a small fraction of our company's average placements of around 40 million birds a week. Now looking forward to the rest of the fiscal year, there is concern about crop plantings and what that might do to grain prices. We're also concerned that if $4 or even $5 gas prices linger, it could have an impact on consumer spending. We're feeling increased pressure from these market dynamics. It'll be challenging, but our business is in good shape and we still think 2011 EPS will be at or above $2 or close to our GAAP number last year.  That concludes my opening remarks. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a review of our segment results, followed by Dennis with the financial report.
James Lochner: Thanks, Donnie. Pork continued to perform extremely well with a 10.5% return on sales and operating income of $146 million. Although down from the record set last quarter, it is a substantial improvement over a strong second quarter last year. Volume was up nearly 7% with average sales prices up 18% quarter-over-quarter. We do not anticipate a major change in the hog supply and there should be adequate supplies in the regions our plants are located. Pork segment returns should be above the normalized range in the second half of the year, although we don't expect results at the level of the first half. The Beef segment produced 2.8% return on sales and an operating income of $94 million. Although down from the previous quarter in Q2 last year, these are still very solid results and within the higher normalized range we set a year ago. Sales volume was down slightly while average price was up about 20% quarter-over-quarter. We expect a slight decline in fed cattle compared to last year. However, we should have adequate supplies in the regions we operate our plants. Barring any major market disruptions, beef exports should remain strong in the remainder of the fiscal year, contributing to lower domestic supplies and strong pricing. We have been anticipating some domestic demand destruction across the beef complex. However, this is potentially supportive of chicken pricing as more customers and consumers look for alternatives to higher-priced beef products. As expected, the Chicken segment struggled to overcome $82 million in higher grain costs for the quarter, but managed to maintain profitability with a 1.4% return on sales and $37 million in operating income. In the second quarter, we were successful in getting our inventories to near-historic lows. Our increased sales reflect higher pricing and sales from inventory but do not indicate an increase in production pounds. Over the past 2 years, our poultry business units have done an excellent job of improving our operations and taking costs out of the system to be an efficient provider to our customers. However, the opportunities for cost savings are not enough to fully offset escalating feed costs. Current projections for increased corn and soy costs are approaching $0.5 billion year-over-year. We have no choice but to pass along these costs to maintain profitability in the Chicken segment. Our Prepared Foods segment posted $31 million in operating income and 4% return on sales, which is at the low end of the normalized range. As a reminder, Prepared Foods includes numerous businesses such as bacon, lunchmeat, tortillas, pizza crust, pizza toppings, soups and side item. Some of these businesses continued to perform extremely well while others have room for improvement, and we are working on those. All, however, are dealing with higher raw material costs, which increased $59 million for the quarter. Many of our sales contracts in Prepared Foods have shorter terms or are formula-based, and we were able to offset rising costs through pricing. Tyson is facing challenging markets and rising inputs but, as I've said before, it's important to put this in context of global protein supply and demand fundamentals. U.S. per capita protein supplies are forecasted by many to decline slightly in calendar 2011 versus 2010. This would be the fourth year in a row it has declined, which is unprecedented. Export volumes continue to increase for a variety of reasons and imports continue to decline. There is demand for our products, a global economy willing to pay for them and supply is limited. This means our customers and consumers will continue to see increasing prices in general for protein products. In closing, I would like to congratulate our business unit managers and their teams. They have taken on these challenging conditions and continue to rise to the occasion, focusing on the details, being our customers' go-to supplier and managing costs. We appreciate their effort and success. And now we'll go to Dennis for the financial report.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie said earlier, we reported Q2 earnings of $0.42 per share, which is even with the same period one year ago. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months was a solid 24%, a measure we are proud of achieving and are striving to maintain consistently over time. Capital expenditures were $161 million for the quarter. This amount reflects numerous capital projects that will continue to enhance production and labor efficiencies, improve yields and sales mix. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 34.9%. As a result of rising input costs from grains, live cattle and hogs, our operating cash flow for Q2 was negative $117 million. It's important to note, however, that we were able to reduce our inventory volumes to help mitigate these rising costs. In addition, we improved our base receivables to further offset rising working capital needs. Receivables and inventory were up nearly $750 million compared to a year ago and were up over $500 million since fiscal year-end.  Including cash, net debt was $1.7 billion, down $466 million from a year ago, a remarkable accomplishment considering the cash flow used for working capital purposes just mentioned. Total liquidity was $1.6 billion, including availability under our credit facility and cash. Bond buybacks were just $30 million because bond premiums were generally above our repurchase targets. From a debt ratings standpoint, we were pleased to receive upgrades from all 3 rating agencies: S&P, Moody's and Fitch. We also achieved our goal of returning to investment grade with S&P and Fitch, and are now just one notch below investment grade with Moody's. In addition, we amended and extended our credit facility during the quarter. Our new facility is not only lower cost, but also provides us with more operating flexibility. It also includes a collateral-release provision that will take effect in August. For this, we are grateful for our banking partners' support and recognition of our improved financial performance over the past 3 years. So here's an updated outlook for fiscal 2011. Revenues are expected to be -- exceed $32 billion, driven largely by rising raw material prices, an increase of more than $3 billion from 2010. We expect fiscal 2011 net interest expense to be approximately $230 million, down about $100 million from fiscal 2010. This is also down $15 million from our previous guidance. The refinancing of our revolving credit facility, along with recent ratings upgrades, has resulted in further savings. The effective tax rate should be about 35%. Our diluted shares for the second quarter were 383 million. This reflects the dilutive effect of options and convertible bonds, which fluctuate depending on our stock price performance. We will continue to reinvest in our business and we still expect CapEx to be around $700 million. Our spending is focused on improving the efficiency and competitiveness of our domestic and foreign operations. Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $525 million.  We will use excess cash to repurchase notes when available at attractive rates. From the standpoint of debt maturities, we do not have any significant debt coming due until fiscal 2014. The balance on our 8.25% notes due October 2011 was $314 million as of April 2. We plan to retire these notes on the last day of the fiscal year with cash on hand, which was nearly $800 million at the end of Q2, or with future operating cash flows. In closing, I would like to thank our team for continuing to demonstrate financial and operating discipline while dealing with volatile commodity markets, which have a big impact on our costs and working capital. Team, despite these headwinds, you were able to do what you said you would. That, in itself, is a great accomplishment. Overall, we have a great financial position with solid debt ratios along with a strong balance sheet and capital structure. This will enable us to continue delivering results in a challenging environment.  We believe our current earnings multiple does not reflect what we've accomplished and the obstacles we've overcome. As we continue to improve operations, consistently deliver strong returns on capital and generate solid earnings in difficult times, we believe the market should more accurately reflect a valuation worthy of our performance. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christina McGlone. [Deutsche Bank]
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Donnie, you had said on the last call that by the end of March, your inventory would be on plan and then you would start your normal production -- you will go back to your original production plan, which calls for production increases. And I'm curious if that's still the case or if that's been tempered at all by the fact that the seasonal uptick in demand has been less robust than normal.
Donnie Smith: Christine, first of all, our inventory is at or actually slightly below what our target was at the time, so we feel very good about that position. And yes, our production plans are in place. Let me hasten on to add, it's important for us that we keep this supply-and-demand balance in check. And so far, so good with our plans and we continue forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: BB&T Capital Markets. Quick question, Jim, on the Pork business. The cutout price is down about 10% over the last 6 weeks and, consequently, packer margins have compressed significantly. And I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of what you're seeing as the primary factor driving that quick of a decline, and what your outlook is with regards to the next couple of months for that.
James Lochner: Yes, the cutout did drop over the last 4 weeks, about 112%, predominantly driven by big a correction in the belly price. And even though seasonally hogs do tighten during this time frame, which they did and hog costs did come up, our margins held in there very well. We were very pleased with that. And I did really expect to see kind of a correction in the prices, as we've seen throughout, come in through this time frame. But in that pork cutout, it was predominately the bellies, so.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Was it a correction just in the markets because they've gotten too high? Or have you seen a decline in demand?
James Lochner: Both. The market had really overshot itself early, into that 150 zone, and then did correct back. So that was it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: JPMorgan. Just had a question. You guys made a point there or an argument for an expanded multiple, which I understand. And I've heard some investors who are bullish on Tyson's say, "Look, these guys have earned, on a pro forma basis, 220 last year. They're going to earn, call it, 205 or so this year. Maybe something similar next year. That consistency is something that's not often seen in the protein business." Is that the argument there that you would have? Or is there a different argument, perhaps, for the higher multiple as far as you're seeing it?
Dennis Leatherby: Yes, definitely. Ken, this is Dennis. We believe that we're a different company now. We have basically stabilized our margins. We're on top of what we're doing, best in class in all 3 of our major segments. And we're just continuing to improve and drive efficiencies. Our return on capital is high. It's up there in the 20s. We plan to keep it that way. We are trading at a discount to our peers, not only in protein, but in ag, at a fairly significant discount. So all that being said, we scratch our heads and wonder why the multiple hasn't expanded. Certainly, something that the Street seems to be struggling with and we keep saying that we're going to deliver and keep these earnings going.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So just to follow-up then, are you arguing for a peer multiple or a better-than-peer multiple in your mind?
Dennis Leatherby: Looking at our results, probably better.
Donnie Smith: Let me just add a little bit here, Ken. First of all, we have a multi-protein model. We are in all 3 proteins, plus our Prepared Foods model. We also go to market in multiple channels. Multinational, although our international business is by and large our startups. That paints a picture, I think, for us in the future. We've got a very diverse business model within each of the proteins, and those multiple business models all have a commodity and/or a value-added component. No competitor has our product diversification. We've got unparalleled resources, our team and our Discovery Center and those type things, to create value for our customers through product innovation. We've had a great cash flows in the last 24 months and that's allowed us to dramatically strengthen our balance sheet. Dennis talked about our debt reduction, our liquidity, our capital structure, our return on invested capital, and it gives us the ability to invest in our future productive capability. We've done a great job of keeping our inventories in check. We've got -- we had a lot on hand in Q1, but we corrected that in Q2 like we said we would. And yes, we've got our team focused on the drivers of our business. We've done a great job in terms of our operational efficiencies and cost competitiveness. So you add all that up, I think that paints a picture of a completely different company than what we were 2 or 3 years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Stephens Inc. First of all, Dennis, just a clarification on mark-to-market. What caused it in the Pork and Beef segment in this quarter? And then my real question is, perhaps Donnie and Jim, coming out of Easter, you did see demand for proteins a little bit softer because of the high gas prices, and I was wondering how the Beef and Pork segments have reacted in terms of slaughter levels. Has there been any modification to better match supply and demand?
James Lochner: Farha, let me try to answer your first question, but you said a decline in mark-to-market? Are you talking derivatives? Or what are you...
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Yes, the derivatives, mark-to-market, I was just wondering what caused it. And how does that reverse itself out?
James Lochner: Well, first of all, it -- at the end of the quarter, we still had very high prices and with any short positions we had on to cover forward buys or any livestock positions that we had, we would have a negative mark-to-market on those. And they -- as the market has corrected lately, they would have been already in the process of correcting. So on the derivatives, that's -- the primary purpose on those is forward-bought livestock to protect exactly what we saw as a correction. Okay? Hopefully that answers that. They were fairly, clearly spelled out in the magnitude. It didn't surprise me, looking at that. Back to your second question. Farha, could you repeat that?
Donnie Smith: The question -- let me make sure I get this right. The question was, softness out of Easter and dead livestock slaughter. Correct or...?
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Exactly. Did you see a softness in demand coming out of Easter? And, therefore, did pork and beef processors moderate slaughter levels to accommodate that?
Donnie Smith: Okay, yes. Farha, it was a bit soft coming out of Easter, but let me hasten on to add, if you go back in the last quarter and what we've said this quarter, we've not ever painted a very rosy picture of demand for the year, especially as it relates to our performance. So with high gas prices -- and, frankly, I got a little bit encouraged by the drop in unemployment. Of course, it popped back up to 9%. And if you look at that environment, I don't think you should paint a very rosy picture about demand going forward. So had a couple of soft weeks. Probably weather had a lot to do with that: rains going through, cool, wet spring. We dealt with that in the last 30 days, particularly. I'm going to let Jim cover the slaughter response to that on beef and pork.
James Lochner: Yes, we did see a reduction in wholesale prices and they came through Lent very, very strong. If anything, I felt that they were extremely strong and probably overdone and I've already covered the major correction in pork, which bellies were a primary driver on that. But beef, what we saw was the cutout -- the blended cutout dropped very substantially in that 4, 5 week period. In fact, it dropped at almost $11.44 on the blended cutout per hundredweight carcass. And then live cattle followed it right down at about the same levels. So we saw about the same thing in pork, although the pork live didn't correct. It actually, again, seasonally comes up. But we did see demand shift, wholesale prices correct. Part of that was, I think, they were fairly high-priced coming into the spring and then we did see, with the weather, a combination of events, some weaker pulls across the board in that last week of April. And hopefully, this last weekend we'll probably see a reversal of that. And demand is always a precarious scenario on being oversupplied and undersupplied, which will drive our prices up or down depending upon the situation.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And the response of the industry, have you seen slaughter levels pull back?
James Lochner: Well, we saw a correction 2 weeks ago in cattle and we're seeing seasonally in hogs, so. We always try to make sure we're looking forward on that demand picture and not making sure that we have our meat sold, and we don't oversupply it. So we really pay very close attention to what we think the forward pulls are going to be and keep ours in balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: It's CLSA. Could you just tell me -- you didn't really give a number in the answer to Christina's question about your production plans for the back half of the year. And I guess, in light of the fact that you are not painting a rosy picture on demand, why would production be up at all?
Donnie Smith: And I take it you're talking about chicken?
Diane Geissler - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: Yes.
Donnie Smith: Okay. We've said that our number for the year would probably be up in the low-single digits. We still think that's probably where we'll end up. We got a little over-revved in Q1. We've corrected that back into Q2. Our focus now is on driving revenue to be able to cover these very expensive input costs. And hey, I tell you, if we're successful in our plan as it stands now, we'll be in good shape holding into that low-single-digit number. If, as we drive revenue, it calls for a different production number, hey, we'll adjust that. Our goal has been to always balance supply and demand. And if an increase in revenue causes a demand shift, we'll adjust our supply accordingly. But currently, we've got several levers to pull to increase our revenue and I don't see the necessity.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: Okay. So what I'm reading in your press release where you say -- this is my read of your press release; I realize it's not how you've quoted it -- is that basically you're covered on grains through the end of the fiscal year at a profitable position, and then who knows what happens with grain because right now I've got corn curve in backward H [ph]. So, obviously, it's not something that you just switch off overnight. So are you telling me you have some clarity about where your feed costs will be as you move into fiscal '12 and, therefore, you can think about what your production levels are today? Or are you completely uncovered in '12 at this point?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we do, and I think you've got a pretty good read on how to interpret our press release.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Bank of Montreal. Two questions. One is, "On the demand side, how much pushback are you seeing at retail? And are you seeing any switching in promotional activity among the 3 proteins?" And then the second question is, "Dennis, is there any restrictions to you guys not -- to buy back stock on your side and not pay down debt, and instead take some of the money and actually use it to repurchase stock?"
Dennis Leatherby: Let me -- This is Dennis. I'll take the stock buyback and then kick it over to Donnie and Jim. There's nothing really to stop us from buying back stock other than what's in front of us that's quite uncertain. What if corn goes to $10? Those kinds of things -- we really maintain a lot of liquidity. It's $1.6 billion right now. We need to maintain a lot of liquidity. We have great investments to put into our business with high returns, so our priority right now is continuing to make sure that we have plenty of liquidity, make sure that we invest heavily in our business like we are. That's definitely an option. There are no restrictions. In fact, the new revolver -- the restated revolver gives us quite a bit of more flexibility. So we can do that, it's an option, but not now. Sometime later probably so, but not in immediate future.
Donnie Smith: And on the demand question, I think we'll answer: the Memorial Day, I believe we will see some pretty good featuring of chicken, although bonus loins in pork and the middle meats in beef are probably going to feel some feature activity as well. I do think, though, as we move out on into the summer, feature activity in chicken, both at retail and foodservice, should improve. It's going to be a great value for the consumer. The back half of the bird today is driving revenue growth at the retail level and, obviously, breast meat prices are quite a bargain. So we think you will see fairly strong retail and foodservice featuring into the summer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Farmer.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Jefferies. You touched on this. So you guided to I think about $200 million in price and mix improvements for the Chicken segment. Just curious if that number is still in play for 2011. And I guess, more importantly, even if the industry sort of sees their chicken pricing sort of stay where it is, if it doesn't move materially, do you think you can still see a $200 million in price and mix improvements in 2011?
Donnie Smith: What we've said before is that we thought we would get a couple of hundred million dollars in operational efficiencies and, yes, we are on target to get that. In the beginning of the fiscal year, we also said that we would be driving towards about that same amount a month -- about that same amount in revenue increases. With the market prices, that's been a bit more of a struggle, but we are being able to see some improvement today. And so I think you can count on our ability to deliver positive quarters in Chicken, both in 3 and 4. There are raw material prices that are up against those operational efficiencies but, fortunately, our team is focused on getting those, which is helping us to combat these high raw materials.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Goldman Sachs. Just a quick one on chicken feed costs. First of all, I just wanted to see if you guys were exploring, or what your take was on substituting corn feed for other types of grains, be it wheat or any other opportunities there are in your feed rations to cut out costs. And then second, just to clarify, you talked about in the first half -- I think it was $66 million of feed inflation and you expect the full year feed inflation to be $500 million. And so am I reading it right that you think there's going to be $434 million of feed cost increase in the second half of the year?
Donnie Smith: Yes, it's certainly back half loaded, Lindsay. And on your first question, we have a great commodity team and they're always looking for alternative ingredients. Now in most livestock dives, corn and, frankly, corn substitutes whether it be wheat, DDGs, whatever that might that be, are primarily the energy source for the diet. And our guys are always looking at the corn-wheat ratios, at grain sorghum, for example -- lots of things that we can do to help mitigate our costs. We're very experienced in doing that. We've been doing that for years and I'm confident that if there's an alternative out there, our team is on it. They're researching it and they know how it will affect our performance.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe just to follow-up on that a bit deeper. Is your expectation -- with the last wazzy [ph] update and we'll get another one this week, there was some controversy on expectations that you would get a fair amount of substitution away from corn to help offset some of the tightness in yield-crop balance sheet. In your experience, not just with your chicken operations, but just looking at feed lots and other producers across the country, do you see some sort of shift of that magnitude away from corn and into substitutions that you think can alleviate some of the tightness in the balance?
James Lochner: Not dramatically, no. I would say that the bulk of that substitution's already occurred, DDG utilization is -- dried distiller grains utilization is probably optimized throughout. And then, as Donnie said, all livestock species are always looking for alternative feeds, build them into the feed ration and looking at positive impact on feed costs versus any potential negative impact on performance. And our livestock producers and chicken producers throughout the U.S. are very, very adept at utilizing a variety of different feed sources to keep the efficiency and cost of gains in line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: It's D.A. Davidson. Donnie, we've seen a strong export picture and some supply disruption as a result of the tornadoes. Can you talk a little bit more about how you think those 2 factors might be influencing overall availability in supply and pricing?
Donnie Smith: Sure. Tim, obviously, we think one of the predominant factors in determining pricing is domestic protein availability. With very strong exports in beef and pork and strong exports in chicken as well, we see that domestic availability for the 2011 year should be about flat, down slightly maybe. And then on the other side, the impact in Alabama, I'm not completely sure -- as I mentioned in the earlier part, we didn't sustain very much damage at all, thank God, in our businesses in Alabama. But it looks like, to us, industry-wise, there will be some production decline because of that. I don't sense that the impact is going to be tremendous. So I would say a stronger impact on pricing will come from continued strong exports than from the production disruption from the Alabama storms and -- well, the storms that swept through that area: North Georgia, Tennessee and Alabama.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And would you say you're participating in the strong exports? Pilgrim's, I think, had a very big number out a week or so ago.
Donnie Smith: In terms of participating, yes, but I'll be honest with you -- well, in Beef and Pork, but if you look at our Chicken business, honestly, we are looking at shifting more of our production away from the export markets into domestic consumption. As you well know, the predominant cuts out of the U.S. in chicken going into export are the back half of the bird, and we see an opportunity, in a pretty tough economic decline -- climate, to revenue up by moving more dark meat domestically and that's our focus.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Crédit Suisse. Hey, Donnie, I'm just wondering about your perspective of the chicken industry overall. And in your mind, do you think that the industry is behaving rationally? And the reason I say that is, everyone seems to be hedged for 6 months or so, but you do have the specter of much higher corn cost when those hedges roll over and you could see margins staying well below normalized levels through fiscal '12. So you argue that the valuation multiples in the group are probably too low and Tyson is trading at a discount, but in order to get those multiples higher, investors need to have some sense of comfort that the industry is behaving more rationally this time around, call it tighter lending practices. But maybe you can even marry that up with your plan, which is to keep volume in positive territory. If the industry stayed in volume territory, do you think that margins can still recover?
Donnie Smith: Okay, Robert, I'm not going to speak to the industry and that type of thing. I will talk about our business and so let me talk a little bit about what happens to Tyson and let's say our hedges roll off. Our price-risk management activities are important and we have a great team that manages that, but hedging is not the ultimate solution. What we're focused on is passing along higher prices because we really got no choice. Revenue is the solution to our business, so if you look forward into our 2012, we don't see any basic changes in the fundamentals of the Beef and Pork segments from what we see today. And, well, as we look forward into the Chicken segment, when we get the revenue increases that we need to cover these costs, that should carry on over into 2012. So that's our view as we move forward. We will continue to monitor our inventories and we will continue to balance supply and demand. And as I said earlier, in our focus on revenue, if that changes the demand picture out front, our suppliers will adjust accordingly. But we don't see the need to do that today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: It's Morgan Stanley. The one question I had was -- and it goes back to the questions about the pork and beef prices. Has something changed in terms of the pricing at retail? The consumer -- my understanding is that in the past, despite the material inflation in raw material costs, the retailer had been acting as a little bit of a shock absorber relative to the consumer. So I'm just wondering if some of the demand weakness is also related to the consumer actually seeing higher sticker prices in the last few weeks. Can you help us with that?
James Lochner: I would say that those -- the retail prices for beef and pork had been climbing -- inclining, rather. They were up about 11%, 12%. And yes, I'm guessing that the consumer did see a shift. Again, I think that's favorable over the long run to chicken prices. But, "The market will always do its job" is always the saying and when the consumer does see it as they pass -- as our customers pass along higher wholesale prices, the consumer does see it and there potentially are shifts. Now interestingly, chicken was the least -- up the least at 3% during that last 13-week period, and had the least influence negatively on pounds, which are off virtually flat or down slightly compared to the pound declines that we saw at retail in beef and pork. So the market is doing its job in passing on higher prices and the consumer adjusting accordingly, and you're seeing that in a variety of other food-based products as well, where you're seeing wheat-based and dairy-based products going up. So even with all these changes, again, as the wholesale prices did correct, we've been able to maintain a spread throughout this correction, and particularly those spread businesses in beef and pork.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. It just seems to me that...
James Lochner: And you're seeing it right, but that dynamic didn't surprise us. And only in the market, again, makes those adjustments. And I always got to emphasize, in beef and pork, and I already stated that the livestock costs did correct as the wholesale cuts did correct out.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Sure. No, fair enough. And then maybe just a follow up on the chicken questions. One of your competitors, I guess, last week or the week before, sort of was -- or my take on their comments was that they were willing to produce as long as they were EBITDA breakeven in chicken, and it seems like that's sort of where the industry is today. How do you feel about that metric?
James Lochner: Well, we look at trying to make money and EBITDA is not the metric we use. But we are extremely focused, as Donnie's already said, on driving revenue through a combination of mix and price and hitting all our yield parameters that we set targets for. So we fully recognize and get paid for the inflated input costs, that price is a mechanism as well, and one of the mechanisms on driving revenue. So we're targeted. And as we said, we think we'll be fine and make money in chicken on an EBIT basis, operating income basis in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Cleveland Research. Just on the pork volumes in the quarter, they seem to run pretty significantly ahead of the industry. I'm wondering if that was more of an industry or an inventory kind of push, or if there was something in the year-ago period that I might've missed.
James Lochner: Something -- I didn't understand -- in the what period?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Year-ago.
James Lochner: Year-ago period. No, again, we usually set up our whole planning process, looking at what we think we have available coming in supply with the producers that supply us, and staying sold. And really, it wasn't any intentions. They were up. "It wasn't clearing inventory," is the answer.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Anything specific driving your second-half outlook on pork then? You've mentioned the impact -- the potential impact of higher gasoline prices, but I think it seems like there has been some trade down into pork here over this summer, as you mentioned. I'm wondering why you're relatively, it seems like, negative on the outlook here through the summer and into the fall.
James Lochner: I didn't really mean to come across negative at all. I just said they wouldn't be as robust as they've been, because they've been up and very well above the normalized range. I think we'll be fine and actually above the normalized range, but not at that super-high level that we just came through Q2 with. We'll see some correction as we come into the Q3 period, which we normally do in May, June. You'd normally see a seasonal decrease in supply. And then I was concerned because bellies were so high-priced, on a wholesale basis, and anxiously watching to see what clearance. And we did see bellies correct $0.25 a pound from $1.50 to $1.25 at a very fast rate. And I'd kind of expected to see that. I was hoping, actually, that they didn't go up quite as fast because a fast up is always usually followed by a fast down, and that did drive some margin compression. But I'm certainly not negative at all on the second half. It's just not as strong as we've seen in the first half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, it's Bank of America Merrill Lynch. I just wanted to ask about pricing on chicken. One of your competitors talked about being able to change their fixed contracts during the quarter for the rest of the year. And maybe they'll take some pricing here. And your thoughts on being able to take pricing in the fall when a lot of your national accounts come up for bid. If we don't see production cuts until then, how comfortable are you about getting pricing for fiscal '12?
Donnie Smith: First of all, we don't have a very large percentage of our business that is in fixed-price annual agreements. We have some, but not much, and we talked about this in previous quarters. We try to mitigate some risk to our business by decreasing the amount of that. So our business will respond favorably to the seasonal increases in market prices that normally happen about this time of the year. As we move into the fall, the protein domestic availability, even with an increase in production in chicken of, say -- I think USDA's got it at about 1% in the quarter or 1.5%, or something like that. Even with that, the domestic availability of protein in the U.S. is going to be at or slightly below where it was a year ago, and we think going into the fall, that will be a fairly good environment for us. But now a lot of our pricing is based on the value that we deliver to our customers. And so we've got great quality, we've got great service, we've got great innovative capability, and we've got the ability to get paid for that. So that's our focus, is on driving value to our business, to our business partners, to our customers, and getting paid for the value that we supply.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Share.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Morgan Joseph. Say, I wanted to focus in on beef a little bit. It seems like -- I realize price was up a lot -- live cattle was price was up a lot, but if I look at choice and select cutout, those prices were up, it appears to me, even more in the quarter. So I guess I was surprised that you're gross margin wasn't a little bit stronger there.
James Lochner: Well, let me quickly say that you're right. The cutout, on an aggregated basis, quarter-over-quarter same year, was up 24% -- or excuse me, 18%. Drop credit was up substantially, but live cattle costs were up 24%. And we had some margin compression compared to the prior Q2 of fiscal '10. So we did see that rapid run-up, but we saw live cattle follow it up very much at the same point in time. So we were still very much in the normalized range, saw some of that compression compared to that a year-ago quarter, and then we're seeing the markets adjust right now. As I stated earlier, even though the cutout came down in these last 4 weeks 11%, live cattle costs fell -- not percent, dollars per hundredweight -- our live cattle costs on a carcass-weight basis dropped actually at the same rate or slightly above that.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: So will your hedging activity -- I mean, should we expect that number -- when we look at the operating margin, kind of the 2.8%, would you say that's a pretty good number for the third quarter as well and the rest of the year? Do you think you'll have an opportunity to do better than that?
James Lochner: I would expect that we probably can work on improving that quite a bit as the fundamental sets up because I'm still very bullish on exports. We did see this correction and then we're coming in to bigger seasonal supplies which -- generally, historically, this May, June, July period is when packer margins generally expand. So we're in a situation where I'm very comfortable yet in beef.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Okay. So there's a decent chance that, that 2.8% operating margin might mark the low margin of the fiscal year.
James Lochner: Yes, I think there's a reasonable chance of that, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: KeyBanc Capital Markets. Jim, the first question is for you, Jim. On beef, just wanted to follow up on the margins. What we see in the spot market is somewhat different from what you're, I guess, implying for the rest of the year, which is that we've seen in the spot market the beef cutout spreads come down quite a bit in the last month or so. So I mean, is that just -- again, going back to your argument about a higher valuation -- I mean, do you feel like you are outperforming the market you have in the past and you're continuing to do that? Can you help me understand what I may be missing here? Because just looking at the USDA cutout value relative to what's happening in the live cattle market will tell you that the spread has compressed. It's not going up. So what am I missing there?
James Lochner: Well, what you're missing is always the difficulty of taking aggregate data across a variety of regions and a variety of different cuts and trying to draw a quick conclusion. But as I said, even though the cutout dropped $11.44 in that last 4 weeks per hundredweight, cattle cost corrected $12 per hundredweight flat on the carcass. We maintained margins throughout this whole time frame. Again, our goal is always to beat the revenue on every individual cut. I know one thing: the market won't let us buy cattle appreciably cheaper than anybody else, so our margins hold in there on basically beating the revenue side, having a good mix portfolio, export portfolio, a combination of a real strong customer base. So it's a little difficult for you to just take the average USDA cutout numbers and look at that. They are what they are in a negotiated standpoint. But as I said, that relationship actually corrected in unison and it went up, actually, when I go back and cover the numbers I did earlier. Q2 '11 to Q2 '10, actually, you saw live cattle increase at a faster rate than the revenue. So we hold it in there and it is a spread game. Our goal, as I've said many, many times on this call, is to always beat the index on the revenue side and hold onto it, and then really just work constantly at being the low-cost, high-revenue player in the regions that we operate. So I mean, it's a business fundamental that we go after. I know that's fairly complicated, but that's the basic data that's out there.
Donnie Smith: Akshay, let me -- I'm going to add just a touch. And here's the thing that I think we might be missing. We have been beating, we are beating and we believe we will continue to beat the market spreads as you would see them today. I mean, we've yet to have a negative week in beef in the fiscal quarter. We are operating above what -- if you just looked at the cutout, we're operating above that and we believe we're going to be able to continue to do so.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: That's very helpful. Can you buy -- if not now maybe as a follow-up, tell us how much you generally beat the cutout buy? Well, it would help in terms thinking of evaluation premium, but anyway, I can follow up on that. The other question is on chicken, Donnie. So there's a view out there on the chicken side that the cycle is correcting, it's turning. And there's also -- some people believe that it's going to correct pretty dramatically and quickly. So my question to you is, "Hypothetically, if the rest of the industry cuts supply by 2% to 3% over the rest of the year, do you think Tyson could get to normalized earnings in Chicken in 2012?"
Donnie Smith: It's going to be very tough for us to have a 5% or better operating income for this fiscal year. We've got a wall of costs coming at us. We've talked about grain prices, $500 million. Plus, you've got a lot of other raw inputs that we deal with. Freight, all of those things that increased costs: fuel costs, utilities costs, et cetera, healthcare costs, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So it's going to be tough this year. But -- now looking forward, our goal this year is to be able to get revenue in place that will carry next year into a position to where we could get back up into our normalized range. So our goal this year, obviously -- we're going to continue to improve on operating efficiencies and we see -- we're on track and we see more runway. So our cost structure, non-, call it, grain- or input-related, will be lower in '12 than it is. Now remember, we're also spending fairly heavily on our Chicken business to continue to improve our cost structure and our productive capability as we move forward. So in the back half of the year, our focus is on increasing revenue, so that we can get paid for this high cost structure, this market-input-related cost structure that's affecting our business. So when you combine low -- better operating efficiencies and a lower overall cost structure with the ability to get paid for the inputs, then we view going forward our ability to get Chicken back into its normalized range.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: But that seems all to be company-specific issues. So are you saying that you feel good about getting to a normal range even without any production cuts for the industry this year?
Donnie Smith: What I'm -- I am talking about our business and I don't believe -- number one, I'm not going to speak for the industry. I'm talking about what we have to do to drive our business performance. I don't want to leave the impression that we're victims to raw material or inputs. Our job is to get paid for what we do. And we provide a great deal of value and I went through a laundry list of things earlier, of things that separate us from our competitors in the industry, and our job is to get paid for that. And that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Gurkin.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Davenport. Just wanted to follow-up. After listening to the call and your comments, it seems the tone's a little more cautious. And I'm just curious, with the softer consumer demand after Easter how -- I guess, what gives you the confidence to maintain the outlook for '11 versus 2010? What am I missing?
Donnie Smith: First of all, I'm not -- Easter was historically very late, okay? And I'm not going to overreact to a couple of soft weeks. This is a long year. The fundamentals of our business are in place. So we have not had -- in any of the expectations about 2011, we've not had a very rosy picture of what economic climate we were going to be flying into. So the climate that we're operating in is the climate we expected to be operating in. Despite that, we still feel like we're going to be, as I said, at or around the $2 mark. Now before, we said GAAP and maybe the adjusted number, and I feel comfortable at $2 maybe GAAP. So yes, slight adjustment down, but I don't think anything dramatically. And, hey, this is going to be a very good year for Tyson Foods. And the climate that we're operating in -- I think it's important to note, the climate that we are operating in is the climate we expected to be operating in, and that we built our plans to be operating in. So we're on plan and we believe we're going to deliver.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann. [Goldman Sachs]
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just quickly, wanted to know if you guys had an update on whether you're seeing anything in the form of inventory restocking out of Japan.
James Lochner: The export demand out of Japan has remained very strong, so we've certainly seen no pullback. If anything, we continue to see strong interest up front.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Any indication that you're seeing accelerated interest? And you had a great start to the year. Post-earthquake, are you seeing demand above what you had seen starting the year?
James Lochner: The information I got from our team is that it's continued strong post-earthquake and there will continue to be a replenishment and continue to be consumption. And again, I always brings this back to, "The global supplies of protein, beef and pork are down, and we continue to see this very strong export demand which has been very supportive of all pricing." And when you really look at the Jan, Feb numbers in all 3 species, year-over-year, they're all extremely strong and I'm quite certain March will print that when they're final and April and out front. So the things we've been talking about on the domestic availability, supported by strong declining -- supported by strong exports, is certainly materializing themselves and, again, will be very supportive of pricing. That's one reason we're not that negative going forward. We're very positive for that real strong fundamental that exists.
Operator: Our last question comes from Diane Geissler.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: It's CLSA still. So am I reading you right that the goal in fiscal '12 in the Chicken unit is to be within the normalized range on your margins?
Donnie Smith: Yes, ma'am.  Well, I hope you can tell from our answers to your questions, we feel good about where we are as a company. During challenging times in the past, I think we would've looked at this as weathering the storm. We don't think that way anymore. We're in a strong position. We've improved as a company. We see plenty of opportunities to become even better. I think we can compete favorably with our -- or compare favorably with our competition, Tyson's in all 3 proteins, plus Prepared Foods. We have a diverse business models within each of those proteins. We have commodity and value added. No competitor has our product diversification and the resources that we have to create value for our customers through innovation. Our chicken inventories are down to historical lows and we've got one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. And even with increased grain costs, we continue to invest in our business to improve our efficiency, our profitability and our productive capability. And most importantly, we did what we said we were going to do. The fundamentals are there. As long as we stay focused, there will be more good results in the future. I want to thank you for your interest in Tyson and hope everyone has a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President Ruth Wisener - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph LLC Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener.
Ruth Wisener: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods Conference Call for the First Quarter of our 2011 Fiscal Year. I need to remind you that some of the things we'll talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business.  On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. To ensure we get to as many of your questions as possible, please limit yourself to only one question and then get back in the queue for additional questions. Be aware that our executives need to get to our shareholders meeting later this morning so we cannot continue much past 9:00, Central.  I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. If you read our press release this morning, you saw that we set a record in our first quarter of the fiscal year with GAAP earnings of $0.78 a share or $0.75 on an adjusted basis. Net sales were $7.6 billion, which is about $1 billion more than the first quarter last year. Operating income was $498 million with a 6 1/2% return on sales, volume was up 4 1/2%, while prices were up almost 10%. Our Chicken and Beef segments performed within their normalized operating margin ranges. The Pork segment was well above its normalized range, and Prepared Foods was just under its range and is making steady progress. In our press release, you'll see that we had a $51 million benefit from our grain and energy risk management activities. This included $23 million of mark-to-market gains on positions that were still open at the end of the quarter. As I've mentioned before, we have a very conservative risk management approach, and we view these activities as a normal part of running our business. And I'd like to point out, even without the mark-to-market gains, our Chicken segment would have been well within its normalized range. To give you a quick update on our international operations, Mexico had a great quarter. Our startups in China and Brazil are showing improvement although there is still a significant amount of work to be done. India is still doing a great job and demand for our brands in India is strong. Now I'd like to turn our attention to our view of protein demand for the rest of the year, beginning with retail. Albeit low, consumer confidence remains at or about the same index as a year ago. Consumers’ assessment of the economy and the labor market remains somewhat cautious. Now there are signs that the economic recovery will continue into 2011, but the pace of growth remains slow. With USDA calling for 2% to 3% food cost increases and forecasts calling for gasoline prices to continue to rise, we believe consumers will continue their cautious stand and volume at retail will remain flat versus 2010. Turning to Food Service. Food Service sales forecasts were recently adjusted up very slightly due to a more positive picture about food service restaurants and the college and university sales as well as higher than originally forecasted inflation and menu prices of about 2 1/2%. Remember, these are Food Service sales increases and not volume increases. We still believe that there will be little, if any, real volume growth this year in Food Service due to continued elevated levels of unemployment and underemployment and consumers’ lack of confidence about their personal finances and home equity values.  Our study of popular industry data services leads us to conclude that we are not likely to see meaningful real volume growth for the industry until 2012. Now having said all that, my overall view of our business is good. I've been hearing some people out there saying that 2011 is starting to look a lot like 2008. Now prices for grain and gas are high but the similarities end there, at least for Tyson Foods.  First of all, our Chicken business is in significantly better shape, having produced approximately $600 million in performance improvements over the last three years. This includes yield, mix, live production improvements, additional processing flexibility, less product moving between plants. Our execution is better. We're more efficient. Our cost structure is much, much better. And we're on track in executing the plans we discussed last quarter. Now Jim will add more detail on what to expect for 2011 in his comments. Our Beef and Pork businesses are extremely competitive. We reduced debt and interest expense by a sizable amount which gives us a very strong balance sheet. Our organization as a whole is in better alignment. Our Team Members have more clarity around what they need to do, and they are focused on getting it done. I'm very pleased with our performance, and I think it will be another great year. As long as we stay focused on the fundamentals and keep executing, I think you'll like the results. Now we're now well into our second quarter, which is typically the most challenging. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect Chicken to remain profitable. We are up to this point, and we should continue through quarters’ end and the remainder of the fiscal year. In Chicken, none of the remaining three quarters will produce numbers we necessarily like, but they should all be in the black. Beef and Pork are doing very well. Prepared Foods is continuing to improve. All that should add up to a strong year overall. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a review of our segment results, followed by Dennis and the financial report.
James Lochner: Thanks, Donnie. The Pork segment had another outstanding quarter, posting 14.3% return on sales and an operating income of $177 million. This compares to 9.9% and $125 million in our previous quarter and 6.5% and $62 million in the same quarter last year. Volume was up 5.8% over Q1 2010, partially due to increased hog weights, while price per pound was up 23 1/2%. I'm very pleased with the work our Pork team is doing as they continue to focus on revenue, cost management and customer service. The Chicken segment performed near the top of its normalized range in Q1 with a 6.9% return on sales and $181 million in operating income. This compares to 6.5% and $170 million in the previous quarter when adjusted for the goodwill impairment of our Brazilian poultry operations. It also compares favorably to the 3.2% return on sales and $78 million in operating income posted in the same quarter last year. I know you're aware of how grain is impacting the cost of goods. And until industry supply more closely aligns with demand, our market-based Chicken businesses will be challenged. Fortunately, we have a diverse business that includes customers in retail, quick service restaurants and food service distributors. We serve international customers through both exports and in-country production.  We will offer products ranging from the most value-added chicken down to a basic whole bird. And we sell these products through a variety of pricing arrangements with our customers. Our inventories are at target levels. We have improved our operational efficiencies and optimized our product mix by investing capital in our businesses and focusing on execution. And we will continue investing in our business. We expect to achieve $200 million in operational efficiencies this year in addition to the $600 million achieved over the past three years. So despite market challenges, we believe our Chicken segment will be profitable for the rest of the year. Turning to the Beef segment. We've produced a 3.6% return on sales with $116 million in operating income in the first quarter. This compares to 4% and $121 million in the previous quarter and 4.4% and $119 million in the first quarter last year. Volume was roughly flat while prices were up 16.4% versus Q1 2010. I think there's still a widely held belief that our Beef and Pork profitability isn't sustainable. I want to again explain why we don't believe that's true. If we look at supply, current cattle and hog production levels can't change much in 2011 because of the limits of the animal's life cycle.  However, there's an ample supply in the regions our plants operate. Our plants are located near the fed cattle and hogs and we closed the ones that weren't. Beef imports are down with no significant growth forecasted. Our Beef and Pork exports and pricing remained very strong in the last quarter. Our plants and management teams are running very efficiently with experienced team members. We're projecting our Beef segment will be within its normalized range for the year. And although we don't expect the Pork segment to maintain Q1 levels, it should be well above its range. Moving onto the Prepared Foods segment. Return on sales was 3 1/2% with $28 million in operating income compared to 1.3% and $10 million in the previous quarter and 7.7% and $55 million in Q1 last year. Although it came in slightly under the normalized range, Prepared Foods made up a lot of ground after facing raw material price volatility early in the quarter. We still have work to do to get some of the businesses within Prepared Foods where they need to be, but we're making progress, and I think the segment will be within the normalized range for the year.  In closing, I want to reiterate something Donnie said. Tyson Foods is a much better company than it was three years ago. We plan to keep proving it quarter after quarter, especially during times of challenging market conditions. Lastly, I want to complement the entire team for their focus on being our customers’ go-to supplier and their continuous improvement in managing costs and operational efficiencies.  And now I'll go to Dennis for the financial report.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our report of Q1 earnings of $0.78 per share include an $11 million gain or $0.03 per share related to the sale of an interest in an equity method investment. Excluding this gain, Q1 EPS was $0.75 per share. Our operating cash flow was $371 million. Net debt, which includes cash of more than $1.1 billion, was down to just over $1.4 billion, a reduction of $132 million from Q4. Total liquidity, which includes availability under our credit facility and cash, was nearly $2 billion. Our bond buyback program showed slight progress during the first quarter as we repurchased only $31 million. Further activity was restricted due to the ongoing higher premiums our bonds have garnered since last summer. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months was just under 26%, a measure we are proud of achieving and are striving to maintain consistently over time. Capital expenditures were $158 million for the quarter. We have a number of excellent capital projects, both carryover projects that were underway at year end and new 2011 projects that we believe will continue to enhance production and labor efficiencies, yield improvements in sales mix. Our effective tax rate for Q1 was 34%, or 35.1% without the gain on sale of an interest in an equity method investment.  So here's an update on our outlook for fiscal 2011. Revenues are expected to be around $31 billion, driven largely by increased wholesale prices for Beef and Pork, along with volume growth in Chicken. We expect 2011 net interest expense will be approximately $245 million, down nearly $90 million compared to fiscal 2010. The effective tax rate should be about 35%. Our diluted shares for the first quarter were 379 million, and the dilutive effect of options and convertible bonds will fluctuate depending on our stock price performance.  CapEx should be around $700 million as we continue to reinvest in our business. And our spending will again be focused on improving the efficiency and competitiveness of our domestic operations and completing the buildout of existing foreign operations. Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $525 million. We will continue to use excess cash to repurchase notes when available at attractive levels as we strive to continue to get our debt back to investment grade. We do not have any significant maturities of debt coming due until fiscal 2014 as the balance on our 8 1/4% notes due October '11 were $315 million as of January 1. We plan to retire these notes on the last day of fiscal '11, with current cash on hand and/or cash from operations. In summary, 2011 is off to a great start. Although we are facing challenges involving grain prices and a supply-demand imbalance in the chicken industry at this point, I am confident we will come through this year strong because of our efforts to improve what we can control: our cost structure, our efficiencies and helping our customers grow their businesses. All of our segments have made great progress, and we are positioned to have another great year. Our capital structure is strong and getting even stronger. Our credit ratios are continuing to improve. And we firmly believe our performance is sustainable and worthy of a return to investment-grade ratings. To the Tyson team, keep growing strong, keep getting better and thank you for all your hard work to put us in this position to thrive in challenging times. With that, our prepared remarks are over, and I'll ask Stacy to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler of the NY Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you guys talk about the export opportunities across the different proteins, especially what's going on with South Korea, with foot and mouth disease, the German dockside issue, the dispute with Mexico and the trucking issue? Is that getting closer to resolved? For chicken export demand has picked up, do you see anything out of China? If you could just talk about that, I'd appreciate it.
James Lochner: Ryan, this is Jim. I'll answer that question. Certainly, with the foot and mouth issues in Korea and others, we're seeing a very strong interest upfront. We're seeing that reflected currently in the pork prices. As the cutout has come up, we've seen that demand. A lot of the forecasts I've seen before this crisis were projected increases in exports, and I think this will be additive to it, particularly in the pork complex. But we've also seen very strong interest in beef upfront and as well in chicken because if you look at that October and November, export disappearance in chicken, beef and pork, they were much stronger than the prior years, pork maybe being in October and November the least growth. In fact, I think it was down slightly. But certainly, since then, we've seen robust demand. I'm not sure what's going on at this stage with the Mexican trucking situation. But I don't see anything on the horizon that's going to, at this point, diminish any of the export demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Farmer of Jefferies & Company.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You touched on this for the Chicken segment, but can you provide some data points to help us get a little bit better understanding of the year-over-year improvement you've seen in yields, labor efficiencies, price realization? Really, any color you can provide on that would be helpful.
Donnie Smith: I'll drill down just a little bit. We've seen about $600 million of improvement over the last three years like we've talked about. Now this year, our forecast coming into the year, based on some of the CapEx last year plus the additional CapEx we're doing this year, is for about $200 million in additional operating efficiencies. Now in Q1, we've got about a quarter of that or so and the rest, we feel confident will come in the rest of the year. And I'll tell you what, on those operating efficiencies, it's pretty well broken evenly among yield increases, among labor efficiency, line efficiency and maybe to a little bit of a lesser extent, on some of our other plant spend categories. So it really is a matter of unbottlenecking some plants, adding some efficiencies into other plants, being able to change to a more profitable mix in some other plants which opens up some yield opportunities for us. So think of it as a pretty well-balanced approach of what the $200 million will accomplish. And also, I probably need to add this as well, I think you'll see residual effect moving on into 2012. This operating efficiencies, as we gain those, they stay with us. And that, obviously, has become a pretty effective hedge against some of the market conditions. So hopefully, that's a clear enough picture for you to look at it. And appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I didn't catch if you gave a sales growth number for your Food Service division during the quarter. Your comments are actually pretty muted and conservative about volume growth in Food Service. And I want to know what you're seeing from your customers, what are they telling you. And is it different in different channels, are you seeing different tone maybe in casual dining? Is there any hope of a rebound there?
Donnie Smith: And you're right, we don't typically break out sales by channel, but I'll try to give you a little bit of flavor. In terms of Food Service sales, we see slight, very slight, uptick. Now remember, a lot of that is coming from your full service restaurant, which is improving a little bit in '11 versus what it did in '10. But most of that improvement, we feel like it’s coming from menu pricing, and that will be pricing all over the menu. The QSRs continue to outperform full service, although we have seen a rebound in full service. I think, a final comment, in some of the other segments, college and universities is picking up a little bit. But there again, in B&I and some of the other segments in Food Service, you're continuing to see weakness. So overall in Food Service, very slight increase in total sales. We don't think that's going to drive a lot of volume in Chicken. If you are making menu replacements, for example, if you are going to pull a beef menu item off and replace it with a chicken item, you ran that play a couple of years ago. So we feel like menus are where they are, and it's really about when will we see increased foot traffic. And with unemployment and underemployment where it is, I just don't look for volume growth in Food Service in 2011, maybe in '12, but not in '11.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: And do you have a pricing outlook for Chicken for the next six months or so? Do you think pricing can be up this year in Chicken, or is it going to be kind of down?
Donnie Smith: As we look at the market today, there's a little more supply on the market now than what we had forecasted coming into this year. If you look at the popularly used price forecasters, for that pricing, that is not already baked in. For example, if we have a fixed price contract or we have a pricing agreement that might extend for some period of time, we're just using those forward projections in our models and then, obviously, layering that up against the cost side of the equation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones of BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: On the Chicken front, just wondering if you could give us some kind of color as to the magnitude of the seasonal reduction you've continued into Q2.
Donnie Smith: I'm going to drop back into Q1 just a little bit. In our last call, we talked about -- we got a little ahead of ourselves and we're overproducing in Q1. So we decided that we would begin some production cuts so that by the end of March, our inventories would be at our targets. And we did that, that began in mid-November-ish. Now I'll hasten on ahead, our sales teams did a great job of working on our inventory problem from the sales side as well, not just the production side. If you noticed, our volume was up. These guys did a great job about selling their way, as much as they could out of the production problems. So our inventory in Q1 actually ended higher than we had planned, but frankly less than we were expecting whenever we were on our last call. So as we continue through this quarter, our production cuts, along with our sales curve for the quarter, and we do believe that our sales will be on plan and our production cuts are exactly on target for where we thought it would be or where we plan for them to be so at the end of this quarter, our inventory will be exactly at target. And then, we will continue with the production plan that we’ve had in place whenever we began this fiscal year.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: So these are not like sustained pullbacks?
Donnie Smith: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman, JPMC.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So is pricing better than average right now in Agri Stats? Because the average chicken processor is losing a lot of money in Agri Stats right now. So for you to be profitable this quarter, you either are a much better than average processor, which given all of your cuts may be the case, where your hedges are a lot better than what may be known. So I'm just curious about how to think about that.
Donnie Smith: I'm not going to argue with the premise of your question, the only thing I'm going to argue with is what's driving the results. I'm not going to give credit to grain purchasing or production cuts as a reason for improved performance. The reason our performance is better is we're running a better business, our yields are better, our line efficiencies are better, our labor efficiencies are better, our mix is better. So yes to where I believe we are in relationship to the industry, but no as to why.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam of Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Are you seeing any pickup in chicken demand so far from the tight supplies of beef and pork either in Food Service or Retail?
Donnie Smith: I really can't. There's probably some mix shifts-- well, I'll tell you this, Farha, we have not seen so far this year a different shift from either Food Service to Retail or back and forth. And we really haven't so far in the year seen a meaningful shift in feature activity, for example, at retail or a major chicken promotions at Food Service. But remember the time of the year, you're typically not going to see that during November and December. But now maybe a little bit later on the summer it could happen, but this is not typically the time or the season for us to see that type of thing.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And then is just as a follow-up, in your guidance for the year, are you anticipating any production cuts or are you sort of in chicken or are you running it as the current industry stands and then if there are production cuts, that would be upside to numbers?
Donnie Smith: Yes, I think you're right. What we're doing is we're running to our plan. As we forecast our forward demand, we have an obligation to our customers to fulfill those orders. And so we match our production to our demand. Now like I've said, we kind of got a little ahead of ourselves in Q1 but we've made the correction as quickly as we can to get our inventory right so that our production can get back on plan, and we can continue through our year. But we'll typically seasonally see an uptick in demand for our products. And we got to have the production there to meet that. So we'll be back on plan come April 1.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And just a final question in terms of Beef, this Dynamic Fuels facility that you've built, how is that running right now and is that adding to earnings for Tyson?
James Lochner: Well, it's started up, we've some mechanical issues not related to the chemistry at all. The chemistry works fine. And we’ve just had a lot of pump failures and some other mechanical failures. And we're hoping to get that thing up and running to its motor plant capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Donnie, in the press release, it talks about in the fiscal '11 outlook, in terms of Chicken, that in addition to operational and mix improvements, you talk about pricing. And I guess I'm confused how the industry will get pricing if there is a supply and demand imbalance because customers are well aware of that.
Donnie Smith: I'm not going to argue with you around your statement. What I'll say is, is that not all of our volume is tied or correlates to the market pricing. Some does, but we've got a very diversified product mix. And we've got chickens in every category: small bird, deboned, deli, food service, medium birds, big birds. I mean, we've got birds in every category. And then, we've got different pricing structures among each of those categories. So that in times like this, we're not just tied to what the market prices maybe throughout the year. So I think that's our best answer. I guess what I'm trying to say, it really boils down to our mix. So I think hopefully that'll clear up your confusion on that deal because our business model is not a pure commodity model. And obviously, you're seeing that in our performance today, and you will continue to see that in our performance through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I don't know if you ever envision the day when Pork profits would be within $4 million of Chicken in a good way, but can you drill down a little bit on that? I mean, as an analyst, I've always taken the point of view that when prices go up, you have to take the process to margins down a little bit. And fresh gets squeezed too, and this is just really confounding my view of the world.
Donnie Smith: Well, I can, but it would be better if Jim Lochner did. So I'm going to let him take that question, okay?
James Lochner: Tim, is your question how did we do that?
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, yes. I mean, why didn't high lean hog prices hurt you as probably I and everyone else expected?
James Lochner: First of all, we are running very, very good plants. We've got a very experienced team, and we're on the market buying hogs. And so our focus is to try to maximize revenue through a combination of yields, mix. Make sure that we take care of the customer. We are the preferred supplier where we can be and then really chase the export revenue, chase the mix revenue and focus on maximizing every bit of the animal that we can get through the drop credit, through the cutout, through the mix. And if you look back, I mean, cutout went up 26% there year-over-year and live hog costs went up about 18% or 20%. So we did have a little bit of a natural spread happening there. But again, we've done a very good job. That team is really focused on the detail and trying to drive all the revenues.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe I could ask Tim's question a different way. So it seems as if in Beef and Hog, you're seeing higher prices in both divisions but, clearly, Pork is just head and shoulders outperforming what historically has been the case. So why aren't we seeing similar dynamics take place in your Beef business as you've been able to execute on Pork?
James Lochner: This is Jim Lochner. Actually, it has. And in that particular segment through that quarter, we had actually an increase of the cutout but the live cattle cost came up at a faster rate. You always have to remember, there's a very strong correlation between revenue and live stock costs. And a lot of times, it's the slope of the change that makes the difference within the timeframe. So if you have a inflating cutout that's growing faster, the live cost or your cost of goods will trail it and then it can happen in reverse. And it really, again, it comes back that your operations have to be focused on maximizing the revenue, minimizing their cost, chasing the highest mix and making sure that you’re the preferred customer, then the natural dynamics of the cutout versus the live animal costs will have some influence. We put all of our focus on trying to again maximize the revenue from our producers’ standpoint because we know that relationship is going to be that strong and go back and look at those relationships over time. And they're very, very highly correlated.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So are beef processors as an industry less focused on maximizing returns and cutout values versus the pork packers, right now?
James Lochner: No, not at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Jim, this one's for you as well. I think there's enough Chicken questions asked. But on Beef, again, I just want to follow-up, with the size of the herd coming down and I think the replacement heifers are down somewhere in the 5% or 6% range. Are you concerned about the supply situation one or two years out? How are you managing your business to address that particular issue? And secondly, again, just do you expect -- I mean, are you more positive over the next year or two years on beef or pork?
James Lochner: Let me start by saying I'm positive on both because our team is running very, very good plants. We're very experienced and we have extremely stable workforces. Now am I concerned? Yes, over the long run. And we've been talking about the reality is that the beef supply is declining at a fairly steady rate. I was a little surprised to see the 5.4% decrease in replacement heifers. They obviously are going into the fed supply over the short run, so we'll have ample supplies. But long term, you'll see beef supplies keep coming down at 1% to 2% on production. And then you've got to also factor in that imports have been down, exports have been up. In fact, 2011, you're probably going to see more exports than imports which should be the first time. So you're going to see inflating beef prices and about the same thing on pork. A lot of the things we've been talking about the last couple of years or last couple of quarters anyhow about the domestic availability are playing out, and that is a function of increased beef costs. So we will see inflating prices like we have. I don't know that they'll hit the same price points that the futures prices indicate. As it relates to how do we manage margins to that, we always have to remember, our plants are located in the key feeding zones, in the livestock, in cattle and hogs. And that's where the cheapest cost to gains are. So as the herd start to decline, particularly in beef, you'll see more cattle fed into the most efficient areas of the country that feed it where either weather or grain are favorable from a cost to gain standpoint. So hopefully that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Donnie, I wanted to ask about your statement within you press release about fiscal '11 having the potential to be comparable to 2010. Could you just -- I mean with that, you guys gave the [ph] guidance, but is that what we should be thinking about, the $2.18 number for fiscal '11? And then I guess, the follow-on question there would be what would have to go right to get you to that level, or maybe where is the most risk in terms of not achieving that type of result in fiscal '11?
Donnie Smith: So let's start with fiscal '11. Pretty comfortable if you're thinking about back around the GAAP number. Now certainly, the adjusted number we still think is very well within the range of possibility but a bit of cloudiness around market conditions, particularly in Q4. And Dennis, you may want to jump in here a little bit, too. So tell me again what the second part was? Around what would have to happen or that kind of thing, I think, was what the rest of your question was, isn't that right?
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Well, really what's the biggest risk in not achieving that type of number because I think most of the street is worried most about your Chicken division where the industry seems to be consistently increasing production despite the fact that the cash player is in the red. So can you give us some comfort that you see that dynamic playing out that you'll remain profitable? And I guess, at what level do you expect to be profitable within your Chicken division to get you to that whether it's the GAAP number or the pro forma number?
Donnie Smith: So yes, we currently expect each quarter to be profitable in Chicken. Certainly, the other segments as well, and I think Jim added some color about that in his commentary. I think the only thing is some major market interruption that we're not currently forecasting. Our assumptions, when we go through and look at our forward year, pretty much fall in line with currently available price forecasts. We model in what we know about our input costs. We model in the efficiencies that we believe we'll see because of our production activities and the efficiencies will see from CapEx spend. We model in the pricing that we already know. And remember, we've got a very diversified business model with varying different pricing models within different segments. So being multi-channeled and diversified helped in times like this, but most certainly because you're a very efficient producer. And then for the things we don't know, we pretty much forecast in external data, what the marketing services are showing for pricing and that type of thing and we use the forward curve on unpurchased grain. So that's how we get to our number. And we feel very comfortable about where we are because again our results are primarily driven by, obviously, taking care of our customers, the mix of our products that are sold and then the excellent cost improvement that we've had. Dennis, do you want to add anything to that?
Dennis Leatherby: That was very well put, Donnie, and I just wanted to add just a few comments. What Donnie said is, we think we will be around the GAAP number for the year. It's also important to note that we think we will be around the GAAP number for Q2 as well, with a chance at being at the adjusted number for Q2 and for the year. So we're right in the ballpark of those kind of numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Share of Morgan Joseph.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph LLC: I wanted to focus in on the Beef business a little bit. And specifically, you mentioned that this last quarter, the cattle costs increased faster than the beef cutout. However, the data I look at suggests that's kind of reversed starting in 2011. And so I guess my question is have you seen that as well, and will that be a tailwind for kind of your Beef operations when we compare the second quarter versus the first? And then secondarily, longer term, how should we think about supply and capacity here? Longer term, we've seen the benefit from a smaller herd in terms of pricing. However, at some point, does capacity utilization become an issue? And how do you look at those two variables?
James Lochner: Start with you’re reading the front-end data correctly and you're seeing a very, very good rise in the cutout and for a very robust pricing, particularly in determining [ph] ground beef, chuck and round-complex. And then, the answer to the second part of your question is, again, it comes back that over time you'll see if the herd continues to decline, the potential for capacity utilization decline. And again, it comes back to the feature [ph] plants located close to the feed lot supply should be alright. Were the cost of gains are unfavorable, they won't be able to compete for the feeder cattle. And there'll be plants potentially in those zones that will have some capacity utilization challenges. And remind you that most of our plants sit in Western Illinois, Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas, Texas and then out in Washington state. So we are situated and have been for a long time in the kind of core feeding zones. And we did have inefficient plants outside of those zones over time that we have shut down.
Stephen Share - Morgan Joseph LLC: So the biggest capacity utilization challenges you think will really be on you competition, not you?
James Lochner: Yes. I guess, I'm hoping that's the case because of what I've said and what the economics will do their job on the cost to gains.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to drill down a little bit on the statement you've got in the press release about the $500 million year-over-year of grain costs. In the past couple of quarters, you sort of given a little more color on where you were. I think for a while you were saying you had protection above $4. It just would be helpful if you can give any type of commentary on that for fiscal '11. Just because our math would suggest that you do still have very favorable hedges on for '11. So any help there would be great.
Donnie Smith: And again, I want to qualify this comment by saying I may frustrate you a little bit on the lack of information, but comments about this come back to us in the marketplace. So I want to be real careful. Here's what I'm comfortable saying about our grain position. I feel good about the $500 million because as we know it, that would be the increased impact to our cost structure from a grain perspective. Now remember, lots of operational efficiencies, mix changes, et cetera, that we offset that increase in grain cost by. So let's start there. Secondly, we have Q2 pretty well covered at levels higher than Q1, below current market. Q3, you should feel comfortable about the control we have around Q3, again, at levels above where we were at Q1 below current market. Out front, less coverage than that and really, I just don't want to get into too much more detail about that. I hope that gives you the information you need because that's really all I feel comfortable about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I just wanted to get a little more discussion on pricing, what is in place across your segments, what you're still trying to get, if you can elaborate there. And then on the Beef side, is there any issue with capacity utilization in your facility?
Donnie Smith: On pricing, here's how I want to address that, Ann. We have various different pricing models. Some portion of our business, albeit, a very small portion, is on fixed price contracts longer than a year, or longer than a quarter up to a year, so a portion, but a small portion there. We have probably less than a third of our business or so at this point that is on the spot market. The rest of the pricing would be in varying different pricing arrangements in between those two. It may be a fixed volume agreement that has quarterly pricing or monthly pricing or those types of things. So there really is a blend, and I think that's about as much detail as I can give on the pricing.
James Lochner: I'll quickly answer your question on capacity utilization though I'm not real concerned going forward, particularly not the majority of 2011 with the cattle [ph] feed number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just have one question. I know you guys said based on USDA data that chicken production should be up in 2011. My question is how do you see the sequential changes throughout the year? I mean, obviously, it's going to be up a lot probably in the first quarter. And how do think that's good to play out throughout the year just in terms of chicken production?
Donnie Smith: The way we look at it, honestly, is we look at the USDA data and other available industry data and we draw our industry production assumptions from that. So nothing different from what you're seeing, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So you think it will be up in the first half and down in the second half, is that generally the thought?
Donnie Smith: It seems to be that the industry experts, if you will, are taking back half production off a little bit but...
James Lochner: Not baked into our pricing right now.
Donnie Smith: Yes, we're just using whatever available industry production forecasts are.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And just a follow up on that is, you guys have a lot more experience than a lot of the informant and all that information out there. What do you think is the level to which margins have to get negative for the chicken industry to become a little bit more rational and pull back? Because it seems like you guys are actually doing a little bit of your part at least through the first half of your year. Could you give a little color to that? Is there balance sheet issues? Is there things that are fine [ph] and, lo and behold, everybody's just going to keep on chugging along? How do see this playing out from your experience?
Donnie Smith: Ken, from our experience, what we have to focus on and what we have to control is our business. We focus on our customers. We focus on being very innovative for them and helping them grow their business. We focus on increasing value-added mix. We focus on operational efficiencies. We focus on baking efficiency and effectiveness into our supply chain and increasing and improving our logistics capabilities. We focus on quality, service, innovation. That's what we focus on, and those are the things we can control. And that's where we're going to spend our time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just on to touch, Donnie, in your outlook for Food Service and retail, you basically suggested that there was relatively limited growth, I think, expected this year due to some various factors. But I'm just wondering, when you look at your volume trends in the quarter and you talked about inventories, how do you think about how you produced to kind of flattish growth? Is that going to be picked up by export markets? And then, is there any impact from incremental volumes being added through your international operations that might be maybe inflating those volume numbers more than what we might have seen in domestic markets?
Donnie Smith: There is a tad bit of international impact, but it's not significant in these numbers nor in this current fiscal year's outlook. Remember, most of our international operations, Brazil and China, those are startups. So the big volume growth is in the domestic business and think about that for the rest of the fiscal year. And yes, we did plan to grow our business this year. And we will, and have, and we think will continue, to earn our customers business, and that's growing our business. People -- in today's environment, our customers are relying on us to help them add value to their business, to help them grow their business with innovative products. They need great service. They need great quality. And we're providing those things, and we're being rewarded with business for doing that. So those are the things that we're going to continue to focus on to win with our customers because we know ultimately that's how we are going to win and how we're going to be able to grow our business.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And Tyson New Mexico was not a significant factor in the quarter?
Donnie Smith: Tyson New Mexico had a very good quarter. But in terms -- if your question is around the volume growth, no, they weren't a significant contributor to the volume growth. But then now, they had a great quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones of BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: On your last conference call, I believe you had said that you could see Food Service business [ph] for chicken, you could see Food Service demand up, I want to say you had said, in the 1% to 1 1/2% range. Your commentary today would sound like you brought down that outlook some. And I was just wondering if I'm taking this correctly.
Donnie Smith: Actually, it was kind of flat to one, Heather. And today, I think you saw the unemployment number drop to nine. But my opinion is, in that number, there's a significant amount of the population that is past the 99 weeks. And so I think that is moving that number a little bit. There is still a very large portion of the U.S. population that's unemployed and underemployed, and I continue to believe that, that is going to affect Food Service volume. And frankly, I'm not forecasting any real growth in volume at retail. We may see a little mix shift. A lot of that would depend on what the retailer decides to do. But I'm still in that flat category. It's a tough one, that's additive. I'd love to see it. I hope I'm wrong, I hope I'm dead wrong, and this thing takes off. But I just don't see it.
James Lochner: Last quarter, we also did some math for you that said that if Beef volume was down by 2% or 3% and half of that flowed into Food Service, if everything else, consumption stayed constant, that it would flip-flop. And that was part of that 1%.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: So you haven't become more pessimistic since your Q4 call. You just haven't become more optimistic.
Donnie Smith: That's a great way of putting it. The numbers are bouncing around a little bit but frankly, with as much volume as there is at Food Service or at retail, 1/2% or 1%,
Donnie Smith: that's rounding you're may be -- I mean you know what I'm saying.
James Lochner: We're dealing with a lot of -- billions of pounds here.
Donnie Smith: I know it's a lot of pounds but still, nobody you, certainly not me, can call it within a point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Jim, I don't know if you're up in Dakota Dunes right now but nobody's asked about the weather impacts, and I have to believe that there should be some dislocations here. Can you speak to that?
James Lochner: First of all, I've been living in Arkansas for about a year, but the weather down here is just as bad as it is in Dakota Dunes. So this week is a very abnormal week simply because you had not only a lot of Pork, some Beef, but a lot chicken production interruptions from weather. So the numbers this week will be fairly erratic and off their trend lines. And sometimes they increase consumptions but they certainly throw disruptions in. But all of the protein supply will ultimately find its way to the market. But it certainly was very rough this week.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Do you think that had anything to do with the move in protein prices this week or unrelated?
James Lochner: It could have some movement, but the big movement in Pork was still the demand of the export arena, which threw a lot of price support into particularly picnics and butts. And we saw a lot of price support, generally, even ahead of the storm interruptions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: This one's for Donnie. Just looking at the Chicken segment beyond this fiscal year, I mean what do you think needs to happen? Grain prices aside, if grain prices stay where they are, what do you think needs to happen for Chicken division to sort of return to a normalized range for the full year?
Donnie Smith: Akshay, we will see continued improvement in our cost structure, and our business should continue to grow, albeit, that is somewhat dependent on Food Service growth. At this point, it's really way too early to speculate because we're at, what, 90 days -- no, 60 days, maybe not even that, before the March 31 planning contingents. And that starts a whole different season for us in terms of the grain production. So it's really too early to start calling that. I think for our business, though, you should expect us to continue to improve, to continue to stay competitive. We will be better than we are this year next year. We plan and our focus is on improving every day, every week, every quarter in how we serve our customers and how we maintain our cost structure, all those types of things. So think about it in terms of continued improvement, in terms of the things that we can control and in terms of us taking care of our customers, and then this other stuff is just going to have to take care of itself.
Operator: The next question comes from Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Jim, it looks like the free-trade agreement or the trade agreement on beef with South Korea is moving a little bit more quickly now, and I'm just curious to get your take on that. And then if you can remind us the kind of market from a mix perspective that South Korea is.
James Lochner: We're encouraged that the free-trade agreement will increase or take some of the impediments away so that there is more product that moves to Korea. That mix is going to be predominantly in the chuck and the plate meat. Again, you're seeing across-the-board very high ground beef and trim prices which are reflective of decreased imports as well as increased exports of the trim category. And you're just seeing what the total domestic availability decline in beef is doing to the prices. So it will be positive overall as we go forward in the Beef category.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken of Cleveland research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just a quick follow-up. Donnie, I think you mentioned on Food Service that passed some of the pricing along at least in the channel. I'm just wondering, how much of the increase in wholesale prices has actually hit the customer at this point? And if it does get passed along a little bit more efficiently here in the next few months, if then we might see a bigger price response or how do you think about that?
Donnie Smith: Christina, I may have -- if I said anything that implied that, I didn't mean to. How much and when our Food Service customers are passing along to the consumer the price inflation if it ever happens. And remember, on the wholesale commodity level, jumbo breast meat kind of raised [ph] at above 20. And we're trade well back of that. So I don't know that the Food Service -- if that operator is buying commodity meat, I haven't seen price inflation yet. But I don't ever like to project or infer on how our customers are going to move that along to the consumer. That's their gain. We're dealing on wholesale pricing and wholesale pricing alone, okay?  And really, we've got to get over to the shareholders meeting. So I'm going to need to please wrap this up. So let me thank you for joining the call today, and certainly thank you for your great questions. If you do have more questions or you want to follow-up, please do so with investor relations.  Before we go, I’d really be remiss if I didn't note the passing of Don Tyson. He was an iconic American entrepreneur who took Tyson Foods to just global prominence and created one of the most well-known brands in the world. He meant a lot to our Team members. He meant a lot to me, personally. We'll miss him, and we're going to do our very best to carry out his legacy by making great products, by serving our customers, by taking care of our team members and creating value for our shareholders. Our plan is to stick to the basics. We strive to be the best in each of our segments. We're going to manage our costs, and we're going to get our debt back to investment grade. And we're going to reinvest in this business. I think 2011 will be a year that would have made Don proud.  Thanks for joining us and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-05-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Lochner - Chief Operating Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Ruth Wisener - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Donnie Smith - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA) Stephen Share - Wisco Research LLC Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] And now I'll turn today's conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Thank you. You may begin.
Ruth Wisener: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Tyson Foods conference call for the second quarter of our 2010 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it now, which could change. I encourage you to look at our press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer; and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. To ensure we get to as many of your questions as possible, please limit yourself to only one question and then get back in the queue for additional questions.  I'll now turn the call over to Donnie Smith.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ruth Ann. Morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. In our last call I mentioned to you that Q2 was typically our weakest quarter, and as it turned out, it was on par with the first quarter and even better when you take into account the $0.04 for note repurchases. I don't think this is just a matter of peaking early because we still expect Q3 and Q4 to be strong. We're just getting started with the summer grilling season so the expected seasonal bump up in demand is coming.  The economy seems to be improving slightly, according to the NPD Group. Consumers are beginning to loosen their purse strings when it comes to food purchases, which is a positive for protein demand in both Food Service and retail. But frankly, our outlook for the rest of the year doesn't take into account any boost from the economy. So the only negative I can point to now is a little bit of disappointment in our international operations. Although there was improvement from Q1 to Q2, it's still a little bit of a drain on the Chicken segment. And some of it can be attributed to start-up costs, but there are also country fundamentals and execution issues that we're focusing on.  We have a lot of work to do in some locations, but there are improvements being made and we're committed to our international growth strategy.  And with that, I'm just going to go ahead and turn it over to Jim for segment reports.
James Lochner: Thanks, Donnie. Good morning, everyone. On our first call, I talked about the declining domestic availability of protein and the effect it should have on our markets. But I'm happy to report it happened much faster and much stronger than I anticipated.  Now to the segments. Our Chicken segment posted an operating income of $114 million and 4.6% return on sales compared to a negative $46 million and a minus 1.9% in the second quarter of last year. It also compares favorably to Q1 2010 margin of 3.2%. Although return on sales fell just below our normalized range, we do expect to be in the range for the fiscal year in its entirety. Sales prices this quarter were higher than Q2 '09 due to mix changes. Sales volume was down versus a year ago due to lower freezer inventory sales in our Q2 of 10. Improvement in the Chicken segment was primarily driven by better execution and operational efficiencies. I expect continued improvement in these areas because we've got one way [ph] left what's in our control. We know what the challenges are and what we need to work on. We hope the Russian import situation will be resolved soon. But I believe we can continue to manage our mix without building significant inventories. Tyson is selling much more dark meat domestically than at any time in company history, and we have diversified our export customer base. We're running a much better business than what we were in recent years and are better positioned to handle an extended Russian ban. As for China, we don't have much information about the additional tariff. We hope the Chinese government will reconsider and we will continue to work through the U.S. government and our trade associations in an effort to resolve this matter. It was an outstanding quarter for our Beef segment. Operating income was $126 million with a 4.6% operating margin. This compares to $28 million and 1.2% in Q2 of '09 and $119 million and 4.4% in our previous quarter. The Pork segment also performed very well with $69 million in operating income and 7.4% return on sales compared to $29 million and 3.4% in Q2 of '09 and $62 million and 7.6% in the first quarter. Our Beef and Pork segments are very well run and efficient and their success was due to rising revenue, managing costs through daily efficiency and matching production with demand. As you saw in this morning's press release, we decided to increase Beef and Pork's normalized ranges for return on sales. We raised the Beef from 1.5% to 3% to 2.5% to 4% on an annualized basis. In addition to sustained operational excellence, we believe our Beef business fundamentally changed for the better when we closed regionally, non-competitive plants over the two-year period from '06 to '08. The new normalized range for Pork is 4% to 6%, up from 3% to 5%. Pork has been performing very well for quite sometime by managing cost and margins, even in an environment of tighter supply, and we are confident about its earning power going forward. Moving on to the Prepared Foods segment. Our operating income was $37 million or 5% return on sales in the second quarter. This compares to $19 and 2.8% in the same quarter last year. Although Prepared Foods is off from the previous quarter, it did well despite higher input cost. Our Pizza Crust and Tortilla businesses were good contributors to the Prepared Foods results. To wrap it up, we had two strong quarters and Q3 is off to a very good start. At this point, I don't see a significant change in the fundamentals for the rest of the fiscal year or into 2011. Worldwide protein supplies and U.S. domestic availability are expected to remain below '08 and '09 levels. We have seen good interest in Beef and Pork exports to a variety of global destinations.  Before I turn it over to Dennis for the financial report, I want to personally acknowledge and thank all our team members. They are doing a marvelous job, especially in managing quality and customer service, controlling cost and finding ways to increase revenue. Keep up the good work. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As stated in our press release, in Q2, we reported earnings of $0.42 per share compared to a $0.32 per share loss in Q2 '09. This includes $24 million or $0.04 per share of losses on bonds repurchased.  On an adjusted basis, this is a record EPS quarter. We also had a record operating margin of 5%. Net sales were $6.9 billion which compares to $6.3 billion a year ago. Our commitment to further reduce debt is also reflected in our repurchase of bonds. We repurchased or retired over $450 million of debt in the second quarter. Net debt, after cash outstandings of more than $800 million, was just under $2.2 billion, an increase of $277 million from Q1. This increase in net debt Q1 to Q2 was due to higher working capital needs resulting from a nearly 4% increase in sales, the timing of semi-annual interest payments made in the second quarter and estimated tax payments. Total liquidity, including cash, was $1.6 billion. Total debt to capitalization at the end of the quarter declined to about 39%. On a net debt-to-cap basis, it now stands at 31.5%. At the end of Q2, adjusted return on invested capital for the previous 12 months stood at more than 17%, a nice improvement and a measure we expect to improve in the future. Capital expenditures were $151 million compared to $76 million from Q2 '09 and our effective tax rate for Q2 was 37%.  So here's an update on a few key metrics for your financial models. We are increasing our capital expenditure guidance for the fiscal year to $700 million as we see even more opportunities to fund operational improvement projects especially in the Chicken segment. Expect revenues for the fiscal year to be in the $28 billion range, up a bit from our previous call.  Excluding the purchase of any more bonds, net interest expense should be approximately $315 million for fiscal 2010, down from $325 million mentioned last quarter. This includes the premiums we've paid on bond buybacks to date and the expected future interest savings from those purchases.  Net interest expense should be around $71 million to $72 million per quarter for the remainder of this fiscal year. Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $500 million, and our effective tax rate for the full year should be around 36.5%. Our diluted shares at the end of Q2 stood at $378 million. However, based on our stock price of $18.62 per share as of Friday's close, the convertible share feature on the convertible bonds we issued in September 2008 requires that we add approximately 2 1/2 million shares to our average share calculation, as our stock price is above the $16.89 per share conversion future. This is despite the fact we also purchased a call option and sold warrants which have effectively increased the conversion feature to $22.31 per share.  So all that being said, we will have some EPS dilution as long as our average stock price is above $16.89 in the interim. But we will only have to issue additional shares if our stock price is above $22.31 at the time the bonds are settled. Please refer to our 10-Q or the original September 2008 convertible offering documents for the entire explanation. Also, please know that the Tyson family has informed us that they intend to sell the 3 million shares they acquired at $12.75 per share in the September 2008 secondary common stock offering. This amounts to approximately 4% of the Tyson family holdings. As a reminder, in an effort to diversify their holdings back in 2006 and 2007, the Tyson family sold 21 million shares. This sale just brings them back to where they were from a portfolio standpoint and should not be interpreted in any other way. Personally, I just want to thank Don and John Tyson for their support during a challenging time for our company, and I'm glad we were able to make a nice return for them.  In closing, I just want to say to my fellow coworkers great job, Tyson team. You're winners. We've come a long way together in the past year or so, but we also know that some more improvement opportunities lie ahead of us. So let's just keep getting better. Donnie?
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Dennis. Well, it was a great quarter and it's shaping up to be a great year. We're still working to improve our Chicken operations and a few of the Prepared Foods businesses but we'll get there. As I've said many times, we've got the right team, the right plan and the right to win. I hope we're making believers out of you.  Tyson team members are getting a taste of success and I can tell you they like it. So I don't think they're going to let up. Let me take this opportunity to let our team know how much I appreciate their focus, their hard work and their dedication to making this company successful.  I'll end with that and leave plenty of time for Q&A. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just tell me about Beef a little bit. Can you talk about and discuss like what has structurally changed in Beef in terms of exports or capacity or imports to give you the confidence to raise the normalized numbers? And also, what is your confidence that you can look into 2011 saying that things will still be strong?
James Lochner: I'll handle that, this is Jim. We're very confident in that increasing our guidance to 2.5% to 4%, or a normalized operating income, I should say. And the primary reason is we really, over the history of that normalized range, had a number of start-up plants, some non-competitive regional plants, and what we've done over time is just continued -- first of all, we've shut those down, they're gone. And we've continued just to improve our efficiency, our labor efficiency, our operating costs and just running a much more competitive Beef business, even without having all the export markets opened. And we've seen the total rise of revenue come up, and we're managing that spread very well. And I'm very comfortable with our plants in the regions that they exist, that they're very competitive. And that gives me a fair amount of confidence to stay and manage that spread. So I'm very comfortable with that at this point.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And it's not because of the industry at all? You said everything about Tyson but nothing about industry specific.
James Lochner: We really focus on managing our own business. And of course, we stay very close to the supply fundamentals and the demand fundamentals. But the primary is we got rid of non-competitive plants that were really embedded into those previous operating results.
Operator: Next question, Ken Goldman, JP Morgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You have a lot of cash left and very good liquidity, and you're giving good guidance. Why did you not pay down even more debt?
Dennis Leatherby: Ken, this is Dennis. Frankly, it was too expensive. What we're trying to do is look at buying back bonds, much like we are with capital expenditures. We want to make sure we have a decent enough internal rate of return and payback, and when they get too high, we're out of the market.
Operator: Next, Christina McGlone, Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my biggest question is you have a view across all proteins. And I'm curious what you're seeing or what you expect to see in terms of domestic demand when the higher prices hit the consumer post-Memorial Day featuring. And then also if there's any view on export demand given the strength in the dollar.
James Lochner: Let me give you my opinion. Obviously, it's based really on looking at the supply fundamentals and then a number of good demand indicators. I'll start with the latter part of your question. The export, certainly, the dollar value could change. But we've just seen very strong interest in Beef and Pork exports. And when you look at those year-over-year and the forward interest seems to be quite strong, and it goes really back to, basically, the worldwide supply of protein. And as you know, the industries across the U.S. and the world pulled back their supplies from lack of profitability during that '07, '08 time frame. And you cannot simply flip the switch and start to rebuild the infrastructure to grow the supplies back. So the key component, when you look at the fundamental on that supply is that peak year of '07, '08, and we're still substantially below the breeding herds and the laying flocks to be able to replenish that supply. So I don't expect to see the supply come up anywhere soon out into the next couple years. And if you really look at a couple key demand indicators, you saw Food Service demand, particularly in March, also surprising pickup. And I've watched a number of indicator cuts, particularly in Beef, that seem to be indicating that we're clearing the available supply quite handily, particularly when you look at the choice cutout. Like last week, up 16% year-over-year, and then look at the Pork cutout, which is up astoundingly over 57% year-over-year, and poultry price is up. Do I think they'll be forever, no. But particularly, when you look at this point in time in May, you're starting to see that influence of lack of supply.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: I understand that the raising of the Beef normalized margins but in terms of Pork normalized margins, given the tighter hog supply and getting that East Moline facility, can you explain your logic there with raising those margins?
Donnie Smith: It's really the same answer. We're just running very, very efficient businesses. And when you look back at the normalized, I can look back because I've been around a long time and know the issues that were impediments to for us to maximize the efficiency and to maximize our revenue. And most of those, and not all, are very corrected. And I haven't heard for sure about a plant in East Moline.
Operator: Next, Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just on Pilgrim’s comments last week that they were expanding production to meet stronger demand. You've said in the past, I think, that you, too, would kind of keep production levels to meet that demand. Can you tell us have you changed your view about the outlook? Are you planning to expand kind of your operations to kind of hit that same level?
Donnie Smith: Christine, while it's important, I think, in any business that we keep an eye on the competitive landscape, I want to continue to reiterate we really don't focus near as much about what we hear about or from the competition really as we do about our competitiveness. And we've said repeatedly that we're going to be increasingly more competitive, and I think we're starting to demonstrate that. Our primary focus is going to be on our customer. If we add value to our customer and we're growing their business, we'll reap the reward of growing our business. I'm sure I sound like a broken record. But as we grow, we'll look at our forward demand then we'll determine the inventory levels necessary to fill that demand, and then we'll adjust our supply plans to optimize margins by either buying the parts we need, if the demand is not in a whole bird increment, or by adding to our production base if it is. I'm really confident we've got the right plans. We're focusing on the execution of the fundamentals for success in our business. We've got adequate capital available to us to continue and invest in our business and make the improvements we need to compete and be the best in the industry.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And just to follow up then, were you a net buyer of meat during the quarter? Or were you meeting your own expectations?
Donnie Smith: Yes, we did buy meat, breast meat, in the quarter. And really, the genesis behind that is Q2's typically a fairly weak quarter in dark meat pricing. And so our plan was to go into that quarter and buying the breast meat we need because, especially with Russia closed, we really didn't want to grow a bird in whole bird increment and put excess dark meat out into the marketplace at what we thought would be pretty low prices. So it just made a lot more sense for us to buy the breast meat we need and then begin the ramp up in whole bird increments as it moved on into Q3. So we worked our plan.
Operator: Next, Ryan Oksenhendler, Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Maybe can you just provide a little bit more color, I guess, in terms of the runway you guys have for operational efficiencies, mainly in Chicken? And just could provide us a little bit more color around that.
James Lochner: Yes, the key component -- we just continue to look at every avenue on maximizing revenue, that's yields, that's deboned, that's looking for the proper mix, that's watching our price realization against indexes. It's really managing the customer's expectation to continue to grow. And then we really have very excellent focus and continued improvement on looking at our key performance indicators on cost. And it's just a process. And I won't get quantitative as to exactly how much more runway, but we're not pleased with our own performance yet. And we have a poultry team that has got their head down working very hard and very, very, very happy with what they're focused. And then additionally, we're really adding a fair amount of process improvements in our plants on CapEx in domestic Chicken. We're adding mix flexibility. We're adding labor efficiency. We're adding a variety of projects throughout the whole domestic Chicken segment. So rather than get specific plant-by-plant, I can assure you that a good part of that Cap is flowing into domestic Chicken for those types of process improvements.
Operator: Next, Diane Geissler, CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): To this discussion about the raising of the normalized margins, when I look at Beef and Pork, obviously, Jim, you've been doing a lot of work even prior to your move into the COO position, I guess. I look at Tyson's business mix and you control your supply in Chicken but you don't in Beef and Pork. So I guess the next obvious question with regard to your improvement in your margins is, is that what you're looking to do then in Chicken? Are you getting to the point where you think you're going to be able to raise your normalized operating margin in Chicken based on all this operational efficiency? I guess I'm just surprised in the area where you actually have a little bit more control, you're not able to realize that kind of improvement the way you are in Beef and Pork.
Donnie Smith: Well, the quick answer is I sure hope so. But I'd feel a bit more comfortable if we -- I want to work in this range for a little while, and then it'll feel a little bit more comfortable expanding it, okay? So yes, I very much think it's possible. But for me, we're going to have to take a little bit more time in the reins before I'm comfortable doing that, okay?
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): Could you talk a little bit more about why Chicken is so much different than Beef and Pork? Is it just you have more participants? It's a faster life cycle?
James Lochner: Diane, I would say that we really don't look at it different. I just said, in the previous answer, we've added a lot of CapEx to improve efficiency. And if I look back, I'd say that we didn't hit the right process improvement changes. We weren't keeping ourselves up to date across all the plants, and we are really focused on adding a lot of efficiency, mixed utilization, debone capacity, just basic improvement. So as we continue to make sure that the thought process we have is indeed realized in results, we'll go from there. But it's really not that much different. It's just a matter of we really have implemented a lot of process improvements, a lot of key performance indicator. As our confidence comes up, we'll be fine.
Operator: Next, Heather Jones, BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: On the Pork and Beef new normalized margin range, I presume it's 4% to 6% for each segment, not as consolidated.
Dennis Leatherby: No. We stated it's 2.5% to 4.5% for Beef, and 4% to 6% for Pork.
James Lochner: Annualized.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Was wondering where you are, if you could give us an update on your progress as far as your standing in Agri Stats. And where do you believe you'll be at the -- or just any general benchmark and where you believe you'll be at the end of the year?
James Lochner: We're very pleased with our continuous improvement and our goals are very lofty. As we try to get more competitive, our goal is to get as many plants as possible in the top 25%. We're not there yet but we're very pleased. I'm not going to get a very quantitative on the final answer other than qualitatively telling you we're very pleased with the progress. But on the same token, we got plants that we've got a lot of work to do. And that is the genesis behind putting some CapEx improvement in and some of those will take time to materialize. So we're very comfortable with our progress.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Do still have plants that are below 50%?
James Lochner: Sure, we got plants -- we run a lot of plants and some of them need to improve, and they're very much aware of their standing every weak. They look forward to that report saying if they made progress or deteriorated. And every one of them has a very detailed plan and knows exactly what they have to do to make that improvement. And they're chasing themselves. And that's the other key. I mean, we have a lot of confidence in our own data, and they're very much benchmarked against that as well. So the dialogue between plants is very, very impressive. The sharing of ideas, technologies and improvements is very impressive. And it's a journey. It's a process to continuously improve.
Operator: Next, Tim Ramey, D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Jim, you go back a long way in this business. But I was trying to rack my brain to see -- I can't imagine that there's ever been a Beef margin this good in the March quarter. I think I remember some Beef margins over 5% before. Would you comment on that? Was this an absolute record for the way this business has run for the last 20 years or so?
James Lochner: I'm guessing it was. I mean, the other product quarter was really -- that was very strong was the year that Canada had their BSE, which was in '03, and we had major supply interruptions and then Canada couldn't ship to Japan and other parts of the world, which created a supply deficit. But the key, when you just really look back at this quarter, it all goes back to the setup of domestic availability of protein because the import-to-export balance, the supplies of all four species being down, and then as demand perked back up and imports fell off, that's why we're seeing very strong prices. The producers are very comfortable with the revenue increases, and we're doing very well because we hit this when our Beef operations and margin management group had everything working very, very high orders. So their execution was good and I can't say enough about Beef and Pork and Chicken and Prepared, for that matter, all their focus on the business. And then we've got a pretty good fundamental here. But that fundamental -- also a rise in prices was followed by very fast rises in Beef prices -- in Beef cattle prices. But I don't remember a quarter, myself, at this stage.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: But the other thing that's interesting, and I wanted to key back on your comment that Food Service improved in March. But for the margins to be this good in a relatively lackluster Food Service environment is interesting, too. Can you elaborate a little bit more on what you're seeing in Food Service and what segments that's impacting the most?
James Lochner: Well, I read the same basic data that everybody reads. But the interesting thing was March, three of the five weeks were reported by Technomic's, had positive year-over-year sales growth. And then I've been watching a couple key indicator cuts, like Beef tenderloins that rebounded dramatically from a year ago. They're still not to their five-year average, which would imply that casual dining is starting to pick up a little bit because that's the primary consumption point of that particular cut. And then overall, just anecdotally, we're hearing a little bit of interest particularly in that Casual Dining segment, as the consumers start to get a little bit more confident in spending money out. So I don't really have any more facts or indexes other than what I read.
Operator: Next, Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I guess the lingering question I have is just on the cash flow side, there was a, looks like a working capital reversal or sort of build up in the quarter. Was there anything driving that?
Dennis Leatherby: Vincent, this is Dennis. There's a couple things: One, we had a pretty good surge in sales, about 4% versus the first quarter or just under 10% versus a year ago. So that's going to drive a pretty big amount on roughly the same days. We also had a significant tax payment, which is kind of nice. That means we're making money again. And we also had some April 1 interest payments, and our quarter end was April 3, so there was about $56 million that ordinarily would have been a Q3 payment.
Operator: Next, Stephen Share, Wisco Research.
Stephen Share - Wisco Research LLC: I had a question on Beef. I wanted to drill down there. As great as the quarter was, it looks like, by my math, that the spread has gone up here, the spot spread's gone up in April, maybe even 20% or 30% more than it was on average in the second quarter. Is there any reason that, that increase in the spot spread shouldn't translate into better gross margin here in the third quarter?
James Lochner: No, simple answer. You're reading the fundamental -- right, I mean the revenue has increased. And like I said, cattle cost have followed it up but lagged it up.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then kind of the same thing on Pork, it looks like there, it's maybe not increased quite that 20% to 30% amount but maybe a 5% to 10%. So that's kind of the range we should be looking for as far as margin increase.
Donnie Smith: You're reading the fundamentals correctly.
Operator: Next, Ann Gurkin, Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Within the Chicken segment, can you comment if you've had any contract wins, business wins, gained market share?
James Lochner: The answer is, no, I don't have anything real specific that I want to share. But we continue to be very pleased with our focus on customer. And we've had some wins, we've had some losses. That's the normal course of business. Our continued focus on mix management and providing the product mix that the customer wants and the consumer wants has really been the overall win, and that gives us the ability to chase the maximum revenue. So that's really been the key. I wouldn't say that there's been any specific surprises that have been out there, one way or the other. Donnie, I don't know if you've got any other comment.
Donnie Smith: No, that's good.
Operator: Next, Farha Aslam, Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: The $700 million in CapEx, that's a pretty sizable number. Could you share with us some of the color around what projects you're spending it around and how that should add to earnings?
Donnie Smith: Farha, I'll hit that at a look pretty high level. Number one, if you look back over our last couple years, we've been fairly capital constrained in our Chicken business. And frankly, there's just some catching up we need to do to make those plants more competitive. We have focused some of the money, I'm not going to get into too many specifics, but we have focused some of that money on getting our Chill Pack business, Tray Pack Fresh Chicken business at retail kind of back into the game. We needed to add some flexibility to those plants. We needed to get back into hand deboning, several things like that, mainly around the flexibility. And now we've got the capital to do that, and we're getting that business in a position to where it would be competitive. And then if you move around the rest of the company, there's lots of things we can do to un-bottleneck lines that make us more efficient, add ways to improve our labor efficiency, our line efficiencies. Those are the type of projects that we're doing that'll help us fundamentally operate our business more efficiently, and give us, by the way, the capability we need for growing the business forward. I think it does a great job of putting us into a more competitive position going into 2011. A lot of the things we're working on, we'll see some benefits during this fiscal year. But there's some other stuff that really doesn't start until late this summer, like our Q4, that'll move on into the fall, that'll help 2011 put our business into a position to be even more competitive. So I hope that gives you enough flavor.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Just kind of roughly payback that you guys look at.
Donnie Smith: I'll let Dennis comment on any specifics. But these are what we would term profit-improvement or cost-saving type projects. And we have a fairly rigorous process where we weigh that against our cost to capital to get our marginal internal rate of return. And these are all good-paying projects. Dennis, you want at any color to that?
Dennis Leatherby: Farha, typically, we look for projects to be at least a 20% MIRR. Oftentimes, these are 30% or more with strong paybacks and net-present values. And the other thing that's very important about these, too, is they're pretty low-risk projects.
James Lochner: The key is we're really looking and finding a lot of low-risk projects, and then we really manage the execution upon completion.
Operator: Next, Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: First one on Chicken, Donnie, I don't know if I missed this, but what are your expectations for production this year, the remainder of this year and 2011?
Donnie Smith: Let me go back and kind of rehearse a little bit from last year. We held our production back at bay because, frankly, going into Q2, so call it January of '09, we were sitting on quite a bit of inventory. We were up around, I don't know, 600 million pounds or so. So we kept our production trend back throughout the summer last year while we sold out that inventory. And you can kind of see that in our year-over-year comparisons for the quarter. Then as we moved into Q1, what we wanted to do is make sure we come out of Q1 with our inventory, let me call it right sized. So we did that. And so going into this year, in order for us to just sell this year what we sold last year, that's without any sales growth, we've got to add about 250 million pounds of production just because that's what we took out of inventory. Right? So yes, we're running a lot fuller today. We're placing and set in full at every one of our locations, except one and that's by design. So as we move forward, there will be an increase in pounds produced. Now let me hasten on to say, I don't want you to confuse that with any excess or anything like that because we look at our forward demand and then we build an inventory plan to support that production and those sales into the marketplace. And then we come back against that and balance our supply. And at times, we do it in whole bird increments and we grow more chickens, and at times, we put ourselves in a position to be able to buy parts on the market. So that's a dab long winded, but I'm going to turn it over to Jim and see if he wants to add to that.
James Lochner: Yes, this is when I'd kind of point out some USDA numbers that to me, are very interesting when you look at pullet placements, particularly, as we look forward into the remainder of this year and out front. And I think what's interesting is that the Jan, Feb, March pullet placement number, when you look at, particularly, March down substantially but then I aggregated those three months, and we're down 1.5% yet in pullet placements compared to '09, but more outstandingly down 4.2% compared to '08. So I know there's a lot of thoughts about the overall supply. But if you go back and really look at that five-year run and peaking out in '08 before there was a supply correction, it is pretty interesting to look at that structure. And then the other interesting thing at the present time is simply the amount of egg production that's declined because all the indicators show that the age of hens has increased dramatically. So we have some indicators to me at particularly out in the nearby future anyhow that the supplies overall constraint just because of amount of laying hens available.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So is it fair to characterize that if I look at Beef and Pork over the years, last three years, utilization rates have improved significantly and so has profitability. I mean is that the next lever for Chicken, Donnie? I mean is that what you're working the hardest at apart from all the other plant-related issues?
Donnie Smith: Well, certainly our capacity utilization will improved and that is a lever. I wouldn't say that's the key lever. As we look back, there's lots of things in our business that we do to drive value. And of course, we always focus those on driving value first for the customer. But back in our operations, there's line efficiencies and labor efficiency improvements to be made, faster utilization is a play, yields certainly are a big play for us. So it's a card in the deck, but it's not the only card in the deck.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: For Jim, on Beef, if you look at the industry, I know Ken asked this question before, but utilization rates and the way the industry operates has changed. I think we have pretty much gone from a 5.5, six-day week to about a five-day week now. I mean what is the risk -- I mean how would your view of the industry change if a particular player starts to do a six day? I mean is that a risk? Do you consider that a major risk?
James Lochner: There's all kinds of risks out there that we watch and really manage around. Our real focus is knowing what's in front of us in our supply regions, what we have for our customer base. We really manage our own business. If somebody does something on our -- I can't dictate what the competition's going to do nor do I even try to predict most often.
Operator: Next, Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: If I was to exclude the national and add, say, cost saving opportunities, how would 2011 look relative to this year, just assuming exactly flat fundamentals?
James Lochner: I think [indiscernible] improve.
Donnie Smith: Yes, I think it's shaping up to be a pretty good year, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But in terms of the bases -- like if I exclude international challenges, like how many basis points does that kind of take out of the margin? How many margins. . .
Donnie Smith: On our international operations, that is really not a big number. That won't materially affect your model for the year. So we're steadily making improvement in those operations and it may add back a little bit. But I don't think it's going to sizably impact your model at all.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And what about cost savings? Will that sizably impact my model?
Donnie Smith: Well we sure hope so. That's what are working on right now, getting this business more efficient.
James Lochner: We continue to improve execution.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But you don't want to quantify in terms of -- are we talking about tens of basis points? Are we talking about 50 basis points? I mean what type of range are we talking about?
Donnie Smith: You're getting too specific. We would get into that giving guidance area. So Ken, all our focus is on getting this business better. Our teams are doing a great job. They've got a list of projects that they're working on that are going to make all of our business segments more competitive. And looking at the market fundamentals in front of us and looking at what we're going to do with our business to make our business more competitive, we sure like the way it looks out in front of us.
Operator: Next, Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just on your comments, Jim, I think on the cattle, the size of the cattle herd. To be clear, you're saying that you're not seeing any signs of expansion. I mean I think that's pretty consistent. Is it possible that with the current economic that we could start to see the early signs of any heifer attention over the next year? And if so, how do you manage, I guess, tighter supplies given current plan utilization across the industry?
James Lochner: Well, I didn't make any comments, but you're very clear on the size of the cowherd and we've got good pasture conditions throughout profitability. So if there is going to be a year where you start to see heifer retention, it certainly is the setup right now. And the other key component on supply, I believe, as that happens, obviously, there's less heifers that go in the feedlot supply. Our thought process is simply we're where the feedlots are. Our plants are located in the right regions. And if there's a competitive slugfest that happens on feeder cattle, the non-competitive feed yards are the ones that are going to be the ones that probably are going to have to shift. So again, I like where we sit. And from a plant location standpoint, the industry fundamentals, as I said earlier, is something we watch very carefully, as we try to plan through our work and know exactly what we have to make changes out front. So we're watching them but I haven't see the -- right now, the cow slaughter has been surprisingly high, which is very conflicting.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: I mean it's not overly surprising given where grain prices are. I think the incentive is to kill a lot of cows right now. But in terms of plant utilization, I guess, if you saw another plant, let's say, go down, and tighten up the overall utilization industry, could you see even better packing margins? Is that part of your increased guidance? Or is it that maybe that could even push things a little bit higher?
James Lochner: That has no bearing in our thought process on increasing our normalized range. It was entirely due to looking backward to what drove our historical normalized range and a number of the issues that were impediments there that have been removed as we've improved our operations and got rid of non-competitive plants.
Operator: Our last question comes from Diane Geissler, CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): You indicated in your commentary on your press release that grain prices would be -- the impact in the back half of the year would be better than what happened in the quarter and grain prices were up year-on-year. Could you give us some commentary as to what you expect grain prices to be on a year-over-year basis in the second half?
James Lochner: I'll give you some commentary. It may not be a quantitative prediction. I always tell people I'm not in the prediction business, I'm in the analysis business. But the key is we're off to a great start in this planning season. So I mean, some of the estimates, that at least I read over the weekend, are we could come to and be at 80% plant, which could be favorable for even adding more acreage than the original projection. Moisture is not lacking anywhere and we had a huge South American crop, so we have a very ample worldwide supply and we don't have, at this point, any threats to the corn supply. So that should continue to put pressure on the fundamental. The wildcard out there that's been getting a fair amount of play is just that China is importing more corn and so the exports related to the dollar will have some influence on it. So we don't see the pressure point on grain, at least with the fundamental setup as it exists today.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): Are you fairly open to the market on grain right now?
James Lochner: Yes, we're playing very tight, very close in.
Ruth Wisener: Thank you very much for attending our call today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. You may disconnect at this time. That does conclude today's conference.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-02-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ruth Ann Wisener - IR Donnie Smith - President & CEO Jim Lochner - COO  Dennis Leatherby - CFO 
Analysts:  Rob Moskow Vincent Andrews Heather Jones Christina McGlone Farha Aslam Christine McCracken Akshay Jagdale Diane Geissler Ryan Oksenhendler Steven Share Ken Zaslow 
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener. Ma'am, you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods' conference call for the first quarter of our 2010 fiscal year. I need to remind you that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. On today's call is Donnie Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Lochner, Chief Operating Officer and Dennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer. To ensure we get to as many of you as possible please limit yourself to only one question and then get back in the queue if you have another question. Please be aware that we will end the call at promptly 9 o'clock central so our executives can to our shareholder's meeting which begins at 10 am. I'll now turn the call over to Donnie
Donnie Smith: Earnings were $0.42 a share on sales of $6.6 billion reflecting $314 million in operating income and a 4.7% operating margin. Beef, pork and prepared foods continue to execute well and chicken is starting to show the improvement we have been working towards the last year or so. Our team members are doing a great job staying focused and moving the ball forward week after week. To give you color around demand in the current environment, consumers are still worried about the economy and unemployment although our research indicates they're starting to feel a little better about their economic situation and are hardly as concerned about limiting their restaurant visits. Foodservice demand is forecasted to be down again this year but with a smaller decline than last year. So we're hoping we're seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. I can tell you there is a lot of activity in our Discovery Center around product development to help our national accounts and our distribution customers drive traffic through value and innovation. Consumer products demand remains good and consumer concerns about their grocery spending continue to ease. We're seeing volume growth in fresh chicken, beef and pork. According to independent research by the Perishable Groups, Tyson and Private Label were the only brands of fresh chicken with growth in either dollars or pounds. Turning to our international business, we're still getting our arms around several acquisitions we made last year and unfortunately our strongest and longest standing international business Mexico, has suffered from a deep recession and an unfavorable foreign exchange rate. But operationally Tyson to Mexico continues to perform well. We're pleased with the progress in our operations in China and India. In Brazil, however, we're working to bring two new plants online while the Brazilian poultry industry is struggling. Export market prices were weak throughout the quarter and non-responsive to the strength in the real. Moving to Renewable Products, we've a lot of good news coming from that group but I'm most excited to tell that you on January 18th we reopened a plant that is now producing premium dog treats. The Renewable Products team was able to go from idea to production start up in about six months. That's truly a remarkable accomplishment. Not only will we reap the benefits of the innovative pet products coming out of the plant, but we get the satisfaction of putting people back to work in Independence, Iowa. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim for the segment reports. Jim?
Jim Lochner: Thanks Donnie. This is my first quarter being involved in the chicken business and while the terminology is different, the basics of yields, cost, maximizing revenue are the same as other protein businesses. We've done a good job of optimizing the performance of our fresh meat business, our prepared foods business and I am very pleased with the strides we are making in the chicken business. In the first quarter of fiscal 2010 the chicken segment posted an operating income of $78 million and an operating margin of 3.2% compared to a negative $286 million and a minus 12.8% of first quarter of fiscal 2009. It also compares favorably to our previous quarters margin of 1.2%. Improvement in the chicken segment was driven by better execution in the basics, better yields, mix, live production, controlled spending and labor efficiencies. We improved the return on sales and controlled inventory levels. Volume growth was primarily due to international acquisitions. There is still upside for our chicken business and we'll stay focused on maximizing operational performance. We continue to monitor the rush in import situation and hope for an acceptable resolution. But keep in mind we've reduced our chicken sales to Russia by nearly half from 2008 to 2009. Our sales to Russia accounted for only 10% of our international sales last year. I'm pleased with our mix management in late quarters and expect it to continue to get better. Moving on to the B segment, operating income was $119 million with a 4.4% operating margin. This compares to breakeven results in Q1 '09 and a 4% return in Q4 of '09 excluding a goodwill impairment charge in Q4 of '09. We continue our focus on improving operating cost and maximizing revenue through mix and domestic and international sales channels. The pork segment had another very strong quarter with $62 million in operating income and a 7.6% operating margin versus $55 million and 6.3% in Q1 of '09 and 5.5% in Q4 of '09. Our pork business performed extremely well. We maintained a strong revenue to operating cost relationship. Sales of our branded and premium pork products also contributed to performance. The prepared food segment made $55 million or 7.7% this quarter. This compares to Q1 '09 results of $35 million and 4.7%. In Q4 its 5.3%. We were pleased with our overall capacity utilization, sales mix and product management across the various product lines in businesses within our prepared food segments. The success of beef, pork and prepared food segments was pretty basic, continued hard work and focus on execution. Our chicken group has the same focus and it is reflected in this quarter's results. I expect to see execution continue to improve going forward. On considering the outlook for our industry, it's important to focus on domestic availability of protein rather than production numbers alone. Domestic availability takes in to account production, carcass weights, inventories exports and imports. When you combine all those measurements you'll see the amount of the four major proteins has declined since 2008 and are projected to decline further in 2010. We haven't had a two year decline in protein availability in United States in the past 40 years. Even though food service domestic spend is forecasted to be down again in 2010 we are seeing data supporting increasing retail protein disappearance. Export demand for beef and pork is stronger than a year ago as well. As you know, decreased total supply should be favorable for pricing. We're poised to take advantage of the market opportunities and we're better positioned to deal with changing market conditions. Our team members are doing a great job and 2010 is off to a good start. I want to thank all of our team members for their effort and focus on the business. I'll now turn it over to Dennis who will give you more details on the results for the quarter.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. As stated in our press release in Q1 we reported earnings of $0.42 per share compared to a $0.27 per share loss in Q1 '09. Here are our few highlights in our Q1 results. Operating cash flow exceeded $0.5 billion which drove a reduction in net debt by $400 million to just under $1.9 billion. Our commitment to further reduce debt is also reflected in our repurchase of bonds. In our first quarter of fiscal 2010, we bought back $64 million of bonds and since the end of Q1 we have purchased an additional $306 million of bonds which is further described in our 10-Q we filed this morning.  On a cumulative basis, we have repurchased $663 million of bonds since last March and our plan is to continue to be opportunistic in these efforts. Total cash at the end of Q1 including restricted cash exceeded $1.5 billion, an increase of almost $340 million from Q4. Total liquidity including restricted cash increased over $2 billion. Total debt to capitalization at the end of the quarter was 43% and on a net debt basis, debt to cap now stands at 29%. Inventory days and accounts receivable improvements continue their favorable trends and we expect that to continue. Capital expenditures were $113 million compared to $84 million in Q1 '09. Our effective tax rate for Q1 was 33%. This rate reflects benefits recorded as a result of tax audit resolutions and statue of limitations, explorations in Q1. So here is an update on a few key metrics for your financial models. Expect revenues for the fiscal year to be in the $27.5 billion to $28 billion range, up from $27 billion in the previous call. Net interest expense should be approximately $325 million for fiscal 2010, which includes the premiums we paid on bond buybacks to-date and the respective future interest savings on those bonds that we paid off. The buybacks and retirements we made to-date in fiscal 2010 will reduce net interest expense to approximately $74 million per quarter beginning in Q3.  Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $500 million and our effective tax-rate for the full year will be in the range of 36% to 37%. To the Tyson team, thank you for the great progress you have made. It's certainly a lot more fun to come to work these days and it's obvious in the halls around here that I am not the only person who feels this way. We have a great team; we have great people, a great plan, and a renewed sense of purpose that I believe positions us well for even more success in the future. Donnie?
Donnie Smith: I just want to reiterate what Dennis said. I visited with team members all over the country, in every segment of our business, and our team is excited and optimistic and the reason is obvious. Serving customers and making money is a lot of fun. Our team members have worked hard, stayed focused and weathered a long rough storm, and I am happy they get to enjoy these good times together as a winning team. I often tell our team, we have the right team, the right plan, and the right to win. I believe that, they believe that, and if you don't already, pretty soon I think you will believe that. Looking ahead, Q2 is typically a weak quarter for us, but we're off to a good start. We expect our beef and pork segments to be off slightly compared to our strong first quarter. Although higher pork prices will benefit Tyson overall, the increased input costs will have a negative impact on our prepared foods segment until price increases can take effect. We expect our chicken segment to continue and improve driven by our internal operational improvements and improvement in industry fundamentals. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we're just going to stay focused on getting steady improvement in chicken while holding the line in our other segments.  By with doing that, we will be in good shape for 2011 and beyond. Operator, we're ready to take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from Rob Moskow. Your line is open. 
Rob Moskow : I wanted to ask maybe just longer term now that your chicken businesses seems to be getting back up to speed again, can you said that you're positioned to deal with market conditions in the market volatility? Can you give us a little more specifics on what's happening at your production facilities, so that you're more nimble and in the event that maybe declining dark meat prices over the next month or two? How are you going to be able to react to that, so that we have higher highs and higher lows?
Jim Lochner: Let me answer that Rob, this is Jim. The key thing that the chicken segments is really focused on is just basic key performance indicators, live production cost improvement, yield improvement, mix improvement, inventory management, SG&A management. And the continuous focus and continuous improvement using external benchmarking as well as internal benchmarking continues to drive that improved execution. So I would agree that the highs should be higher and the lows should be higher.
Rob Moskow: And you have talked a lot about the switch to maybe emphasizing more big bird production. Is that a factor also here or? And I remember you had some execution problems during that production start up in the September quarter, has that resolved?
Jim Lochner: The mix hasn't been that dramatic between bird types and we will work through the details associated with the previously announced change overs. So I guess we will take the next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Ann Gurkin. Your line is open.
Ann Gurkin: Just wanted to follow along. We understand you are increasing production in some regions and your competitor yesterday was commenting that they're going to increase production ahead of the industry and perhaps bring back an idle plant. I was just curious your outlook for the back half of calendar 2010 with this production ramping up. Is the demand strong enough to absorb this increased capacity or are we going to see a price competitive war erupt as competitors try to gain market share? Can you just help me understand that?
Donnie Smith: Ann, this is Donnie. Back in the fall, we cut back just last fall in Q1, which is a bit atypical for us, but what we wanted to do was make sure that we ended Q1 with a really good inventory position, which we did. Now, we are running pretty close to full now which, by the way, is a great help with line efficiencies, labor efficiencies, and that type of thing, so even though our production pounds increase, we'll be up around 2% or 3%. Remember, what we have done is we're replacing the sales that we took out of inventory last year, so our sales pounds will probably be up some, but I don't want to you to get alarmed on the production pounds issue because we sold those pounds that we have increased we sold those very same pounds last year out of inventory. 
Jim Lochner: Let me add a little more to that. When you look at the macro supply issues, 54 million laying hens forecasted would be difficult to increase dramatically to be able to cover that anyhow. This year particularly we'll be in that lag ramp-up phase, which will be dictated how fast that occurs by the overall segment profitability. But when you look at those numbers, it is pretty dramatic, particularly when you compare it to '08 and '07.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: My question would just be on the strengthening dollar. Exports is always a topic of conversation and I know to date the strengthening of the dollar (inaudible) developed currencies, but how do you think that could impact exports? Is that something you're concerned about?
Jim Lochner: Certainly the strength or weakness of the dollar does influence the interest and the pricing. However, I look at the big picture and look at the lack of protein, or the protein supplies being down, production being down. And our export interest particularly in Pork was so strong through Q1 and Beef was very strong and Chicken really hasn't changed. I look, in the countries that need the protein, source it. EU is down, Canada is down, and Brazil pulled back in Chicken production. So although the strengthening dollar would imply that we should have decreased interest and that may have some reflection in price, the ability to source that internationally is limited simply going back to the fact that profitability across the world in protein production through the '07, '08 timeframe really curtailed supplies. And again you can't just turn a switch and increase those supplies that fast.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones. Your line is open.
Heather Jones: Just quick question on Prepared Foods. You talk about tightness in Q2 but then your clauses in your contracts should kick in. Are we talking about significant sequential deterioration, several hundred basis points, or just slight deterioration? 
Jim Lochner: I am going to answer that by saying slight. What we had was a very rapid run up in belly and ham prices. Normally you would have a seasonal decline in hams that didn't occur. Again, it goes back to the availability and the strong export interest in that particular commodity category. And secondly bellies were also at surprisingly high levels with strong bacon demand. Since we're not terribly out front in our pricing but there is a lag simply in that correction, so we expect, we and others have noticed an increase, tried to pass through those prices, and that lag will have a slight impact on that return.
Heather Jones: And have you put in similar mechanisms in your fixed price chicken contracts, if feed prices shot up for whatever reason, to be able to quickly move those through into fixed price chicken contracts?
Jim Lochner: Yes, over time, and that comes back to the mix and working that as best we can. We pull them back in and try to reduce our exposure to annual fixed forward pricing.
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Goldman. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Just a question I'm thinking head for chicken. There is always the puts and takes in pricing and feed costs and non-feed costs. How should we think quantitatively when modeling your chicken margins about percentage of chicken costs from non-feed this quarter versus maybe a year ago? Just help us understand what percent maybe of your improvement was from those reduction of fixed costs or non-feed costs?
Jim Lochner: I don't have that percentage calculated, but I would say as I've talked about our improved execution, obviously yield is on the revenue side. When I talked about reduce and improved live cost, improved SG&A, and improved cost from handling less inventory, because that translates into less movement, less cold storage costs etcetera. So I didn't calculate that exact percentage, but there are significant components and just pure execution on cost. As you know, the simplest EBIT model is revenue versus cost, and we're focusing heavily on both ends of that equation.
Operator: The next question comes from Christina McGlone, your line is open.
Christina McGlone: Jim, I wanted to understand the beef volumes were so strong, why were they that strong?
Jim Lochner: The volume, are you referring to purely the head or the pounds? I am not quite [Multiple Speakers]
Christina McGlone: You said volume was up 7.1%.
Donnie Smith:  That would be pounds.
Jim Lochner: Our pounds were up. We've really focused our group into maximizing revenue, minimizing costs, looking at our mixes, and our goal is not market share per se but to try to maximize our operating income and we do a really good job of looking out ahead what cattle are available, and what our demand structure looks like, and we did increase our capacity utilization over the prior quarter from a year ago.  So it comes back, they are just basics, I was surprised actually that the volume when I look at it, wasn't that high over last year. 
Christina McGlone: It is, because the demand environment seems kind of moderate, so it was stronger than I expected, and then just follow-up question on China with the anti-dumping duties from last night, what is that? Tyson does have, it looks like the lowest amount that was applied. What does that mean for you? I mean could you still get your, the product there, the lower price, then domestic prices or will that lead to some possibility?
Jim Lochner: We're still assessing that since we just really saw a notification, and we had not had a chance yet this morning to start to sort out all the issues associated with the potential anti-dumping so in other words, we're not sure yet. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Tim Rainey] your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst : Jim, cattle supplies are supposed to tighten up a little bit, but are weights going to be better at sort of extension of Christina's question and how do you feel about margins and capacity utilization in a slightly tighter supply environment?
Jim Lochner:  Tim, the supply as I've been saying all along really has decreased normally at the 1% rate. Carcass weights are up, I always like to do the math here and go if carcass weights were the same as when the cow herd was $35 million, I hate to see swat cattle prices would look like because if you just do that math at 88% less weight, 10-15 years ago, actually that's fairly equivalent now. The head decreased, as you know and most know that we took some of our inefficient plant capacity out over last four to five years, and so the total infrastructure of slaughter capacity to the cow herd is in reasonable shape yet. Our focus is really just on pure execution. Our plants sit in very good regions where cattle are fed, and we are seeing more cattle being fed up in the upper Midwest in the Nebraska-Iowa area than we have before, and I would suspect that the peripheral areas outside the close proximity to grain were higher cost per grains will occur, will be the ones that curtail feeding, so I am not really alarmed over the big picture on this.
Operator: Next question comes from Farha Aslam, your line is open.
Farha Aslam: Jim in poultry, the changes you're making in terms of mix, live costs, etcetera, would you be able to quantify roughly what type of savings or improvements in EBIT you're looking for out of those efforts?
Dennis Leatherby: Farha this is Dennis. One thing that we do around here on our security badges a lot of us put pennies on there, and roughly a penny of improvement in any of those factors is worth $100 million, and what we're going after is those pennies.
Jim Lochner : I would add one thing, the Chicken segment, our operations, our sale, I was really impressed with how driven they are on KPIs and the new KPIs they put in over the last year-and-a-half, two years, and they were so far on their way and just really driving, and looking for not just pennies but tons of pennies and fractions of pennies because of the multiples there, and as Dennis said that is the driving mantra, look for everything, and so we are just going to try to push and make sure we get up into the range and stay in the range.
Donnie Smith : Hey Farha, this is Donnie, let me kind of wrap this part up. It's hard for us to forecast the timing of the impact of operational changes. Now, our job in continual operational improvement is really never finished. First thing we've got to do is we've got to more consistently generate operating margins in that 5% to 7% range, which we should do this year.  This quarter was certainly a step in the right direction given the market conditions, grain up and pricing fairly soft for Q1. Now operational changes, they just don't happen overnight and our operational changes are going to come in waves. There is some impact in our Q1 numbers, and we're operating even better now. So we'll see more improvement as we move through 2010 and we're using our capital to set up 2011 well. Some projects that we're working on now won't actually begin until early 2011 because we don't want to negatively impact our customer service during the grilling season, for example in our fresh chicken segment. So, hopefully that adds a good bit of color around what we are doing. 
Farha Aslam: That's helpful, and Donnie maybe just a follow up. Across your segments, the Beef segment was exceptionally strong compared to your longer term targets, sort of 2.5% to 3%. Could you just share with us what your targets are now on for EBIT and how consistently you feel that Tyson can meet those targets?
Donnie Smith : Well I'll say it this way Farha. Normalized ranges become normalized over time, and we're pleased with how well some of our segments have done and obviously we still got more and more improvement to make in our Chicken segment, but our goal certainly is to get all of these segments into the ranges that we've historically set out for them, and then we certainly wouldn't stop there. If there were continual operation improvements we want to continue to do that.  So, I am not saying we're going to set new target ranges for each of our segments now. We got to get through normalized to build a new normalized, but I can tell you this team is focused on servicing our customers, growing our business, and maximizing our operational efficiencies, and along the way I think our investors are going to like those results.
Operator: The next question comes from Christine McCracken. Your line is open.
Christine McCracken: Jim just to take another stab at Christina's question on beef volumes, because when I look at beef industry volumes as a whole for the quarter they are only up 1%. Could you explain what exactly happened there? Is that out of inventory or…
Jim Lochner : No, simply a combination of carcass weight and head and process more than we did in Q1 of '09 and essentially we tried to set up to improve. What I'm trying to say is we really try to run five day and we really work at daily efficiency. And we've improved daily efficiency and we try to make sure that we have the product sold and we target that five-day. I knew that we had run more head in the carcass weight because the revenues themselves were down year-over-year. But we really don't set out with a game plan on a quarter. We just really run every week and try to maximize the revenue and keep our costs in line and take what it gives us. There is no magic. That is what I'm trying to tell you. That's just the weekly game plan.
Christine McCracken: And as these cattle supplies and hog supplies in the short run get tighter and subsequently the meat prices move higher, what are your expectations around export demand on a higher price and as you look at domestic demand, could you see that maybe helping out on your chicken business as beef and pork values go higher?
Jim Lochner: Yes. The big picture I think that's so interesting is when you look at cold storage collectively across four proteins year-over-year down 19% and you look at particularly the peak year of '08 production because I think looking at things year-over-year can be dangerous, but go look at the peak production years in domestic availability years of '07 and '08, and '10's forecast by most people's accounts are down substantially. And this is a very rare event to see per capita consumption because all four proteins dropping from that peak and I rely on a variety of different people's estimates, and make adjustments for what we see but some of them are in the 7% to 8% decline since that peak and that's a fairly substantial reduction in protein simply because the profitability during that '07 - '08 timeframe across all of those segments did its job. It reduced supply. And the same thing happened in other major protein producing parts of the world. China is the one that's difficult to get numbers but absent China you look at the same thing in the EU, you look at the same thing in Canada. And then Brazil is going through a change in their production in chicken. So that's the big picture. Sometimes we get hung up into looking at the year-over-year, month-over-month but the big trend line is reduced protein, which we've been saying was going to happen. So that's why I think export demand will be very strong. And if the economy starts to increase, and demand in most areas the big year adjustment in down demand was '09 compared to '08 and most of these demand plains look like they might rebound. So again against tighter supplies that's what the picture looks like.
Operator: The next question comes from Akshay Jagdale. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: Congratulations on a good quarter. Jim, just wanted to talk a little bit more about beef and normalized earnings and also some seasonality. In the past you have said about $25 a head is what normalized is in terms of dollars a head. This quarter my calculations are about $67 a head. And one question related to that is in 1Q you never had such a strong performance before on beef. So what is it in terms of seasonality that we may be missing? And the second question is what has changed structurally in Tyson's business model in beef as well as in the industry such that you've gone from losing money as an industry and as a company about two or three years ago to now moving to $20 - $30 - $40 a head run rate over the last twelve months? So I know that's a lot of questions, but all related to beef.
Jim Lochner: I'm trying to figure out where to start answering that one but again, it comes back when you look at the structure and you put your internal focus and deal with things in your own control. So you continually look at how do you maximize revenue through mix, how do you work through your customers to be the go-to supplier, you work on service, you work on quality, you work on innovation with them and you really work on your cost structure and you work on your supply chain. The key component is we're pleased with those improvements that we've seen that the team has made and they all know their metrics. They all know their KPI's. So there is no one silver bullet there and you go back and look at our Q4 '09 numbers, we had a very good run rate. Last year Q1 and Q2 were a really rough transition because we had such a dramatic drop in revenue happening and as you know it is a spread. Our job is to maximize the revenue for the producers every day, but the market does its job and the cattle costs usually follow the revenue. Id' like to be able to give you some real specifics but it is so many small plays of continuous improvement working on things. So I apologize if that doesn't give you a real concrete answer, but it is just focus on a tremendous amount of key performance indicators that drive operating margin. Thanks for your question though but it's a tough one to answer in a short period of time without saying in general.
Akshay Jagdale: We'll follow-up after the call on that one but just one more, if I may for Donnie on chicken. Can you just talk about your view on foodservice demand? Your comments were very positive on the chicken industry relative to Pilgrim's Pride who reported earnings yesterday. Can you just talk a little bit about your outlook for demand? It seemed like you were positive on chicken based on inventories and supply but can you give us some insights into what your expectations are for demand and any color on channel would be helpful.
Donnie Smith: Okay, sure. In our prepared comments I mentioned that we still expect foodservice demand to be down in 2010, but not at the same rate as we saw in 2009 or the latter part of 2008. To give you a little bit more specifics and I'm probably going to focus more on maybe on Technomic information. We use their research. And as I read their research, they're thinking that the foodservice segment will probably be down about 3% in 2010 focused heavily more in the first half of 2010 than maybe in the back half which is about half of the rate of decline in foodservice demand in 2009 versus 2008. So I don't want you to confuse a slower rate of decline with optimism but we do think that perhaps in the latter part of 2010 this foodservice thing has a chance to stabilize. Now, I think we all need to bear in mind that's based on unemployment and several things that we don't know yet today. So we'll just see how this thing plays out but that's what we're thinking.
Operator: The next question comes from Diane Geissler. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler: Congratulations. Hey, I want to ask about your cash flow which was pretty strong this quarter. I see there was a big pickup in the benefit from working capital changes and I just want to know is this part of the whole we want to be more efficient and we're going to run our balance sheet and our cash flow the way we are running our operations? And the second part of my question which is related is really to the extent that you would see improvements in cash flows throughout the remainder of the year, what's your focus? Are you going to continue to pay down debt? Are you going to use it for international acquisitions? Is it going to be for additional CapEx in your owned operations? What are your priorities?
Dennis Leatherby: Sure, great questions, Diane. As far as working capital goes, Donnie and Jim and the teams have done a great job of managing inventory to the appropriate levels for each of their respective businesses which has generated quite a bit of cash. On top of that we've really managed our receivables very well. I think the improvement is on the order of magnitude of about $500 million over the past year relative to our working capital turns in the past. So that's a commitment we've made to ourselves to generate cash. As far as the use of cash goes, our priorities are going to be, first, to reinvest in our business. We have a number of opportunities in a couple of our segments to improve efficiencies and be more responsive to our customers and add flexibilities to the plant. They're really good return projects with minimal risks. So we're going to keep focusing on those kinds of projects. And then, secondly, we would focus on buying back more debt to the extent we can. We have already done quite a bit. Beyond that, acquisitions were really not in the market right now. We're focused on what we're doing and trying to get better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler. Your line is open.
Ryan Oksenhendler: Question on feed costs, I know you guys said last quarter you're probably more on a spot basis, but you have seen corn move down significantly. Has your hedging strategy changed at all over the last few weeks?
Donnie Smith : No, not significantly. I mean we'll stay on the market. We are enjoying right now the benefits of this huge increase in the corn crop as we saw. One point you might want to bear in mind, the way that corn works through the inventory, that's not so much of an immediate impact, or won't be so much of an immediate impact on our Q2 as it will in improvement in Q3 and Q4. But, now we're going to stay hand to mouth, stay pretty close to the market, like we have said in the past.
Ryan Oksenhendler: One follow-up, I guess you talked last quarter about some startup costs in international and some weakness there. Was that a drag on the first quarter at all?
Donnie Smith: Yes, a little bit.
Ryan Oksenhendler: A little bit, okay. Then how much more do you think that's going to be a drag? Is that going to get better throughout the year?
Jim Lochner: I would say the situation in Brazil isn't going to improve and we're hopeful of Mexico will and then we're into some startup in China. So we've got some investment in startup costs in those that we'll have some negative impact, but we're investing for the future.
Operator: Next question comes from Steven Share. Your line is open.
Steven Share : Good morning. I wanted to touch on capital expenditures a little bit. I think the guidance was $600 million on the last call, and I didn't hear anything now. Curious if $600 million is still the number. And then secondly maybe you could update us on where that spending is going, specifically Dynamic Fuels, where is that project.
Donnie Smith : Yes. The guidance is still $600 million. We have under spent, really, in the last couple of years, for obvious reasons, and as a result we've got several projects that we need to do that we believe will help contribute to our results in 2011 and beyond. So we're going to probably over spend. Typically we like to keep our CapEx spending something close to amortization and depreciation, but we're likely to over spend in this year with good strong cash position and having under spent for a couple of years. We're going to invest in our business a bit. I would say on the Dynamic Fuels and that type of thing, we're on track to do what we said in previous calls, so that stuff remains the same, and probably going to spend a little bit more in our domestic business.
Jim Lochner: Let me add one thing. We have a backlog, and our operations people have excellent projects with very low risk, very good returns, and we'll be managing through that backlog because they will all add to our ability to maximize revenues, minimize costs. So we're going to get after that very aggressively. 
Steven Share : Could you maybe break that $600 million down as far as what you would say is pure maintenance versus the projects you mentioned that have a real good expansion and good return on investment?
Jim Lochner: I wouldn't say any of them have expansion. What they are is continuous improvement on process for either finding more efficient labor or improvement in yield or yield management, or it might be some new processes that capture more protein parts throughout a variety of all the segments we're in. About roughly out of this year I will guess that about half will be what I call improvement projects and half in investment or required for maintenance or repair type of projects. We didn't really curtail those that much. We slowed down because you always have to fix what you need to fix to keep your plants running. It will ebb and flow depending upon the circumstances, but our thrust is really to go after and identify very strong return projects that keep us competitive.
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Zaslow. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Jim, I am assuming when you take over the role of COO, it takes you time to get up to speed on the chicken, the whole chicken business. Can you talk about where you are in the life cycle of understanding the chicken business and when do you think you will have a meaningful impact on the business? Just give us a little bit of a timeline of how you're going around and looking at all the businesses. What are you doing?
Jim Lochner: First of all, I came in and, as I said earlier, I was extremely impressed with the focus that the Chicken segment and the people had. The first week I sat through all the operations meeting, and I said these guys got their KPIs down and they're focused. So I am getting familiar with the operations and the flow, the subtle little details of how you maximize revenue, how you go look for yields. But I am learning from them. I am not teaching them anything. So and my forte is really is always back in just building good systems so that the management of information and the management of continuous improvement becomes the norm and not a new game, so it is a continuous process. This involvement in the Chicken improvement in the Chicken segment's performance and execution was all started long before this quarter, so and we'll just continue to drive it. We have very good people, same in all the segments. We're really challenging each other across business units to find continuous improvement, and we're chasing the fastest runner, so to speak, and everywhere. That's what makes it fun. When you deal with the detailed drivers that drive operating margins, the margins take care of themselves.  So that's the key thrust we're on. That maybe didn't answer it specifically but in general terms we have really good process improvement mentality going on across. And that's not just in operations that's also in sales, that's also in service, that's also in evaluating pricing and procurement. I am certain I am missing some of the key components. Shared services, renewed, looking at all their contributions to continuous improvement either in revenue or costs. Again, a tremendous team that's adding a lot of value in a lot of places. 
Ken Zaslow: Great. And Donnie just real quick, did you mean to say this year you're going to have Chicken margins between 5% and 7%? I think you said it in one of your answers, I think to Farha's question. I just want to make sure you meant that.
Jim Lochner: He did.
Ken Zaslow: It is not something you guys normally give in terms of numbers and all of a sudden like boom, I just heard that number and I said wow, cool. Thank you very much.
Donnie Smith: We bet you, remember, it is not a guidance, it's a range. And, yeah, I meant it.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow. Your line is open.
Rob Moskow: Just a quick follow-up. Did you say that you thought that operating margins could be 5% to 7% in chicken this year?
Donnie Smith: You all are starting to pile on now. Yes.
Operator: The next question is from [Tim Ramey]. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst : Well now does that mean it's for snapshot in time or the full year, Donnie? I guess that's probably the last question on that. And then I do have a follow-up because that wasn't what I was going to ask.
Donnie Smith: Yeah, but I am not even going to give you the chance, Tim. We're looking at a full year. We're looking at the year in the range. Absolutely our team, we have a great team and they're focused and I have got all the confidence in the world they're going to be able to deliver on what they say they are going to do.
Unidentified Analyst : If I can ask the question I was going to ask.
Donnie Smith : No chance. Next caller.
Jim Lochner: Go ahead, Tim, I will give it to you.
Unidentified Analyst : Just on the foodservice outlook, I mean I am sure you guys have as good a look into what's really happening there as Technomics or anybody else. What do you see at least in terms of the mix between QSR and casual dining? Can you give us any kind of look under the hood of what seems to be doing better or worse in foodservice?
Donnie Smith: The trends have actually been relatively consistent. It's just the numbers are getting a little less dramatic. QSR is still doing better than full service. The QSR seems to have been hurt a little bit more late in the calendar year '09. They were a little bit, I am not going to say recession proof, but we didn't see much of a decline in QSR during the first half of '09.  Towards the latter part of '09 it really started to flatten out and decrease a little bit for those folks. And casual dining, full service and casual has been hit pretty hard. So what we see for 2010 is we would look for the QSR to be a bit flat, and then the casual dining to continue to struggle a bit more than what the QSR is. But again it seems to us that the rate of decline is going to slow. Now, I may have mistakenly given an impression that we see a rosy environment in front of us, but we do see it easing up a bit from what it has been like. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: I would now like to turn it back over to Ruth Ann Wisener.
Ann Wisener : Thank you so much for your interest and your questions today. We're now going to end the call so management can head over to our shareholders meeting. IR, of course, will be around our offices today if you have any follow-up questions. Again, thanks and have a good weekend.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, everyone.
Jim Lochner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-11-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Leland Tollett – Former Interim President & CEO Donnie Smith – President & CEO Jim Lochner – COO Dennis Leatherby – EVP & CFO Rick Greubel - Group VP & International President Ruth Ann Wisener - IR 
Analysts:  Diane Geissler - CLSA Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company  Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch  Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets  Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company  Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc  Ken Goldman - JPMorgan  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley  
Presentation: 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the meeting over to Ruth Ann Wisener. 
Ruth Ann Wisener : Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods’ conference call for the fourth quarter of our 2009 fiscal year.  I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today, which could change. I encourage you to look at today’s press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business.  First, Leland Tollett, our former interim President, and CEO will be joining us via telephone for opening remarks and then he will get back to his much-deserved vacation. Donnie Smith, our new President, and CEO will provide overall comments as well as segment reports for chicken and prepared foods. Reporting on beef and pork will be Jim Lochner, our new Chief Operating Officer, followed by the financial report from CFO, Dennis Leatherby . Also joining us on the call today are Rick Greubel, Group Vice President and International President, and Jeff Webster, Group Vice President of our Renewable Products Division.  I will now turn the call over to Leland Tollett. 
Leland Tollett: Thank you Ruth Ann and good morning to you this Monday morning. You saw last week’s announcement that our Board of Directors named Donnie Smith as CEO, and Jim Lochner, and COO of Tyson Foods.  I am excited about these changes and I am confident about our future with these two men leading our company. I was asked last January to come back to work and to help get our company back on course and when asked how long that might take, I jokingly said I think anyhow, somewhere between three months and three years, hopefully that time will be sooner then later.  Well that time is now. I really believe that I have done the job that I was asked to come back to do. We’re made tremendous progress in a relatively short period of time. All of our business segments are profitable. Our weekly numbers look pretty good and we continue to improve.  I am confident that the men and women who manage the company will continue to make a positive impact as we move ahead. Donnie, Jim, and Dennis will discuss this past quarter’s results and their views of our business as we go into fiscal 2010. Thank you.
Donnie Smith : Thanks Leland, good morning everyone. As you saw in the press release excluding the beef goodwill impairment which Dennis will explain a little bit, the fourth quarter was profitable for all four operating segments. Beef, pork, and prepared foods were at or above our historical operating margin ranges.  While total revenue was down in beef and pork we successfully managed the spread and they have been very profitable. Prepared foods is also doing very well with toppings, tortillas, crust, bacon and lunch meats all meeting expectations.  Parts of the chicken segment are doing well now and we’re working to improve the rest of it. And to give you a quick update on our renewable products division, construction on the new dynamic fuels plant has been delayed a few weeks, but its still on budget and expected to be complete in late January with start up in early spring.  We did get our EPA registration completed which is a big milestone for us. We’re happy with the rollout of Fresh Pet, our lines for refrigerated pet food, consumer acceptance is high, and new products are driving share growth. We’re in a test to rollout with most national retailers and are poised for expansion.  Additionally we’re beginning test in the club store channel. Pet Treats is another exciting area for us as well. It’s a $3.4 billion category in the US and its growing about 8% a year. We see opportunities for Tyson to participate in this high margin category.  To support our entry, we’re reopening an idle plant in Iowa and setting it up to produce Pet Treats. More on this in the future.  Now, for details on the chicken segment, which in the fourth quarter posted an operating income of $32 million with an operating margin of 1.2%, this is an improvement over the fourth quarter of 2008 when we had a loss of $91 million and a negative 3.8% operating margin. For the 2009 fiscal year our operating income was negative $157 million and a negative 1.6% operating margin versus a loss of $118 million and a negative 1.3% margin in fiscal 2008. Volume was up 10.4% for the quarter and 8.8% for the year with sales prices remaining virtually flat.  In 2009, it was a 53-week year and adjusted for the extra week, volume was up 2.7% for the quarter and 6.9% for the year. In 2008, it was a terrible year in chicken. In 2009, it was about stopping the [inaudible] and we did that and its been profitable since February.  We’ve improved our live operations in areas like livability, [feed] conversion and strength, we’ve made good headway on improving G&A and the team did an outstanding job of reducing inventory. We did have a few set backs from third quarter to fourth quarter, except for wings, market prices for all chicken parts were down and grain costs were up.  Our international business struggled with market volatility and cost associated with establishing the new operations. To be successful we must do a better job of marketing leg quarters too. In 2010 it will be better. But we’re still facing some challenges.  We know what needs to be fixed and we know how to fix it. The issues vary from location to location but we have specific plans in place to tackle them. In general we’ve got to grow our volume, improve our return on sales, protect our cash, and keep our inventory on target.  We need to fill up our plants and get better at yields, line efficiencies, and labor efficiencies. I think its important to remember that we significantly reduced inventory in 2009. So, to keep up with current domestic demand, we’ll have to produce this year what we took out of inventory last year.  We’ll be doing what we should be doing which is selling what we produce and not confusing the freezer with the customer. So we’ve still got work to do and a lot to accomplish in our chicken business but I know we can do it, because we’ve already done it in our prepared foods segment.  In 2009, it was one of the best years we’ve had since we’ve owned this business. Lower pork prices helped but our people turned this business around through volume gains, better asset utilization, and fewer fixed price contracts.  Prepared foods had a strong performance in the fourth quarter with $39 million in operating income and a 5.3% operating margin which is a significant improvement over the fourth quarter of last year when we had a $5 million operating loss and a negative 0.7% margin.  For the fiscal year prepared foods had operating income of $133 million for a 4.7% operating margin compared to $63 million and 2.3% in fiscal 2008. Average sales prices were down 8.4% for the quarter and 0.6% for the year on increased volume of 11.7% and 5.2% respectively.  Now adjusting for the extra week, quarterly volume was up 4% and annual was up 3.3%. Our bacon business is doing very, very well with top line revenue up 33% in the last 12 to 18 months. We’re the leading private label lunchmeat producer in the US and that business has really turned around in the last couple of years.  Going forward we believe we’ll continue to see strong results from our prepared foods segment. Raw material costs are likely to go up, but we’ve been able to move away from fixed price contracts toward to more formula pricing which should be beneficial for the fiscal year.  Finally I’d like to thank our poultry and prepared foods team members for all their hard work this past year for getting these businesses on the right path to realize their full potential. Its been a great effort and I look forward to even more progress in the near future.  Now I’ll turn it over to Jim Lochner, who I am very proud to have as our new COO to report on the beef and pork segments. 
Jim Lochner : Thanks Donnie, I look forward to being back in Arkansas and involved in the day-to-day management of the company as a whole. Now turning to our fresh meat operating results, the beef segment made $120 million or about 4% this quarter after adjusting for the goodwill.  This compares to Q4 2008’s 5.1% margin which benefited from the large mark-to-market adjustment from Q3 of 2008. There were no substantial mark-to-market adjustments between Q3 and Q4 2009. In Q4 2009 beef revenues per hundred weight and cattle prices were substantially lower then a year ago; about 15%.  Our weekly capacity utilization was just over five days but 2% higher then a year ago. We continue our focus on efficiency to improve daily capacity, operating costs, and maximizing our revenue. Our total fiscal 2009 beef earnings were 2% or $214 million, roughly double the results from the fiscal 2008 after adjusting for the goodwill impairment.  Beef demand and consequently revenue continues under pressure on both the cut out and the [drop] credit. Year-end slaughter volumes for fed steers and heifers were down 1.4 million head or about 5.15%, while cow slaughter increased slightly from a year ago. Looking forward in the beef segment my view of the fundamentals has not changed depreciably. We will continue to see soft demand for middles and portions of the [drop] credit items eliminate significant product price appreciation.  There will be a gradual decline in available head as the beef herd continues to shrink about 1% to 2% and the diary herd reduces its size. However the placement of feeder cattle later into the summer and fall this year will provide adequate fed cattle supplies throughout the majority of our fiscal 2010. One other point we will likely see heavy carcass weights from genetic improvement and management practices continue into fiscal 2010 providing adequate supplies which may additionally limit price appreciation. We will be watching the import and export balance closely as the weak dollar compared to the majority of last year, may increase exports and limit imports lowering domestic product supplies.  Our focus will continue to be on quality and customer service, maximizing revenue through mix between domestic and international sales channels, and minimizing our operating costs to manage the margins. I am very pleased with our beef team effort on these critical elements.  Moving on to our pork business, the port segment had a respectable quarter coming in at $48 million or 5.5% operating margin. This compares to a strong Q4 2008 of 7.5%. Capacity utilization for the quarter came in at just over 90% compared to about 86% for Q4 2008. Revenues were down substantially compared to a year ago, nearly 25% per hundredweight. Even though hog costs decreased during the quarter they did not decrease equal to the revenue decline. For the fiscal year pork returned $160 million or 4.7% return on sales.  Year over year total revenues declined dramatically largely due to decreased exports versus last year’s records and the lower drop credit. Over the year hog prices generally adjusted to the decline in revenues.  Looking forward in the pork segment we will see a gradual decline in hog supplies to the first half of our fiscal year with additional year over year declines into Q3 and Q4. We expect to see fiscal 2010 hogs available for slaughter to be slightly higher then 2007 or around 107 to 108 million head.  The key variable in revenue will again be export disappearance and its drivers coupled with the decreasing domestic production throughout the year. Our procurement team is closely monitoring hog supplies and availability around our plant locations.  We believe we will have adequate supplies in our regions, our operations and sales team have done an excellent job in controlling cost and maximizing our revenues, which should allow us to manage margins even as supplies and capacity utilization declines through fiscal 2010. There’s really nothing new or dramatic in the beef or pork segments, just an extreme understanding and focus on details so important to running these businesses profitably. I’m very, very pleased with our teams’ efforts and results and look forward to their continued success in 2010. With that, I’ll turn it over to Dennis for financials.
Dennis Leatherby : Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. As stated in our press release in Q4 2009, which included 14 weeks, we reported a GAAP loss of $1.22 per share which includes a non-cash $560 million beef segment goodwill impairment charge of $1.50 per share. Excluding this impairment Q4 EPS was $0.28 per share which is a nice improvement over $0.13 per share in Q4 2008. For the fiscal year which included 53 weeks, we reported a GAAP EPS loss of $1.44 per share. Excluding the goodwill impairment fiscal 2009 EPS was $0.06 per share compared to $0.24 per share at fiscal 2008. This $560 million non-cash goodwill charge is largely a result of a fairly significant increase in our cost of capital which is used as a discount rate for goodwill valuation purposes. Our cost of capital increased from 9.3% to just over 10.1% due to the well-documented disruptions in the global economy and credit markets as they affected us and our debt spreads.  Please note that this charge does not reflect our view of the beef segment’s current profitability or its future prospects in any way. In fact, as evidenced by Q4 EBIT margin of 4% before the goodwill impairment charge, our beef team did an excellent job with performance well above our normalized EBIT range of 1.5% to 3%.  It also had a solid year in fiscal 2009 with a 2% EBIT margin before the goodwill charge and is well positioned for solid earnings in the years ahead as Jim described in his remarks earlier. Other items of note in our Q4 and fiscal 2009 results, grain costs. As compared to the same periods of fiscal 2008 operating results were positively impacted in the fourth quarter and 12 months of fiscal 2009 by a decrease in grain costs of $109 million and $28 million respectively.  Total debt at year-end was just over $3.5 billion, an increase of around $650 million from a year ago. More importantly though, our recent efforts to reduce debt levels have been successful. Net debt at the end of fiscal 2009 was under $2.4 billion, a decrease of $280 million from a year ago.  Through the end of fiscal 2009 we bought back $293 million of our bonds, although we have not made much progress recently as bond prices are pretty high. We expect we will continue to be opportunistic in purchasing bonds when they are priced reasonably.  Total cash at the end of fiscal 2009 including restricted cash, was approximately $1.2 billion, an increase of over $930 million from fiscal 2008. Total liquidity including restricted cash increased to $1.9 billion.  Total debt to capitalization was about 45% versus 37% at the end of fiscal 2008. On a net debt to cap basis, its about 35%. Working capital improvements continue to be a good highlight. We benefited from a strong 6.8-day reduction in inventory days or just over $500 million compared to a year ago.  Also our accounts receivable improved by 1.9 days and is worth about $170 million. Obviously this working capital improvement has freed up a considerable amount of cash and it continues to position us well for the future and we expect this discipline to continue.  Capital expenditures for 2009 were $368 million compared to $425 million for 2008. Diluted average shares outstanding for the quarter were 372 million. Our effective tax rate for Q4 and fiscal 2009 was negative 13% and negative 3% respectively.  The effective tax rate was driven primarily by the goodwill impairment charge which is not deductible for tax purposes. Excluding the goodwill impairment the effective tax rate for Q4 and fiscal 2009, was 34% and 43% respectively.  While we continue our policy of not giving guidance for 2010, here are a few items for fiscal 2010 to help you with your financial models. We expect revenues for the fiscal year to be approximately $27 billion.  Weighted average shares will be approximately 378 million shares. Debt interest expense is expected to be around $320 million. Our interest expense expectation for 2010 has been impacted by a new accounting change. As a reminder, last September we issued $458 million of 3.25% convertible senior notes due in 2013. Due to a new accounting pronouncement which we will adopt in Q1 2010, we must now discount the principal balance $75 million at the beginning of fiscal 2010 and book it as equity due to the conversion feature of the notes.  This amount is then amortized as interest expense over the remaining life of the notes. The impact of this change is that the effective interest rate of these convertible notes moves from 3.25% to just over 8.25% as a result of this amortization.  Given the retrospective nature of this accounting pronouncement it will effectively increase fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010 interest expense by approximately $17 million each when reported beginning with our Q1 results.  Its important to note however that this is a non-cash charge. I’ll be happy to answer any questions about this later. I also recommend you review our 10-K which was filed this morning.  Moving on, depreciation and amortization is expected to be around $475 million. Capital spending will go up compared to fiscal 2009. For the full year we expect to spend approximately $600 million. The breakdown is among three major categories. Approximately $400 million is going to be spent on current core business capital spending.  Approximately $150 million will be spent on post acquisition capital spending, mostly related to our Brazil and China acquisition, and approximately $50 million will be spent related to dynamic fuels. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 38%.  As we all know, late fiscal 2008 and all of fiscal 2009 was marked by demand erosion, particularly in food service and export markets, higher unemployment, and changes in consumer spending patterns. In many ways this was a historic period for our company in terms of an overall turnaround.  In the past 15 months we successfully raised capital twice to support foreign acquisitions, investments, and to deal with major near-term debt maturities. We completely restructured our bank debt to provide maximum operating flexibility.  We generated nearly $500 million in cash through strong working capital improvements. We improved our net debt to EBITDA ratio to less then 3x from a peak of more than 5x. We improved our liquidity to more then $1.9 billion. We overcame a low stock price of $4.40 per share in face of the stock market and liquidity crisis.  We handled more than $250 million of earnings hits from grain and energy derivatives. We had our second best prepared foods segment year. We had our second best pork segment year. We had our third best beef segment year and we initiated a turn around in our chicken segment, particularly after a bad 2008 first half of 2009 that we believe is poised to pay off in the years ahead.  So considering all this I am proud of what we have accomplished because it has been a lot and it positions us very well for the years ahead. We have a great team here that is getting better every day. I am excited about Donnie and Jim’s new responsibilities because they are great leaders with very complimentary skills who I know will drive us to great levels of performance in the years ahead.  I also want to especially thank Leland for all he did to help get us back on track and to restore our focus and confidence in what matters. Happy duck hunting season Leland, you deserve the break and you are a true Tyson hero.  And lastly, thank you Tyson team members for all your hard work and sacrifice for our company. Your efforts are so greatly appreciated. With that I’ll pass it over to Donnie for closing comments. 
Donnie Smith : Thanks Dennis, well we’re now about half way through the first quarter and I think 2010 is shaping up to be a pretty good year. We’re off to a pretty good start with all four segments running ahead of their projections. I would remind you however our Q1 is typically not as strong as the preceding Q4, but the fundamentals are solid and we’re steadily chipping away at the things we need to fix. We have our beef, pork and prepared foods businesses where they should be and we’re on our way to getting the chicken business there too.  By focusing on operational excellence we will succeed. I’m really proud of the work everyone’s doing here and I believe our team members, our customers, and our shareholders will see the benefits in 2010 and years to come.  Finally before I open the call up to questions, I too want to take this opportunity to thank Leland for all he’s done to help get our business back up on its feet. Leland has been a great mentor and a great coach to me through the years and I’m very grateful for his influence on my life.  So thanks Leland, you’re a true champion and we wish you the absolute best at round two of your retirement and look forward to seeing you around the company when you stop by to check on things.  We’re ready to take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Diane Geissler - CLSA
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Congrats to the guys on their promotions, just want to ask you a question here about the grain for 2010 and appreciate the increased disclosure, but if I look at between the derivative contracts at a negative year to date for 2009, $250 million and the pick up that you saw in the fourth quarter, I guess what I’m seeing there is that you kind of moved to cash prices in the fourth quarter, so you started realizing the improvement on year over year basis. Was that $109 million that we saw in the fourth quarter, is that a good run rate to use for 2010 in terms of what you’re going to pick up year on year. How should we think about what the actual improvement in grain cost will be in the poultry division in 2010.
Donnie Smith : Its going to a little hard to predict what grain prices are going to do. I can tell you though about our philosophy. We’re going to play it pretty close to the vest on grain. If we have, and we’ve said this before, if we’ve got fixed price contracts and have the appropriate margin in those, we’ll book grain against that but other then that, we’re going to stay on the market and play this thing pretty close to the vest.  So you can look at the forward curve on the futures markets, and kind of predict what the grain prices are going to look like and of course I don’t have any way to predict what the volatility will be through the year and that type of thing. 
Diane Geissler - CLSA: But even if we look at sort of what you’ve given us in terms of what you lost in the first part of 2009 because of your derivative book, that would suggest to me that at least for the first half of 2010 you expect grain prices, grain costs to be down in your P&L and it looks like its going to be down pretty significantly. Is that—
Donnie Smith : Yes, that’s true. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : Congratulations, I wanted to just dig a little further, I think you mentioned that you expected to see I guess the same volumes in chicken, or to increase production, I think that was kind of what you were hinting at by your comments on where inventory stood currently.
Donnie Smith : Here’s what it boils down to, in 2009 in our chicken segment we took quite a bit of inventory out and so if we just sold in 2010 what we sold in 2009, we’re going to have to produce that much more, frankly just to be able to fill the orders.  So that puts us in a position to do a much better job about running our plants full and getting our line efficiencies and the type of things we’ve been looking for. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : It seems though that the way breast meat prices are today its not exceptionally supportive, are you suggesting that there’s going to be a rebound I guess in demand, is that why you’re so optimistic on rebuilding total volume. 
Donnie Smith : Well I look for things to react seasonally as they should. We’ll rebound a bit after our Q1 is over and then we think there’s a pretty decent chance in Q3 and Q4 based on the pork numbers and I’ll let Jim comment on that a little bit, for demand to increase there for poultry. So I think that answers it. 
Jim Lochner : I’ll add a little bit of color to this, I was very surprised on the October export numbers in both beef and pork and the interest that we’re starting to see which is going to, with decreasing production and increasing exports and probably in the case of beef, limiting imports because of the strength of the dollar, we’ll see domestic availability of protein in those two species drop going forward, unless we see a major trend change there.  So that’s one reason we’ll look at the total supplies and look at the domestic availability shrinking throughout even though per capita consumption will come down, I think it will be favorable to push pricing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch 
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : Can you just give us a little more color around the outlook for beef, it sounds like you have a pretty good outlook despite some weakening demand. What demand outlook do you have for next year and can you continue to manage that spread in the face of weakening demand. 
Jim Lochner : Even though I think middle meats as a primary indicator are still going to be under pressure, what I just said a minute ago with the exports increasing, imports probably decreasing because of the strength of the dollar, I think we’ll start to see the overall complex of revenue come up and keep in mind that our supplies because of the way the placements were this year, should be fairly strong and not decreasing.  We might see a 1% to 2% decrease in the end of the fiscal year but we’re going to have adequate supplies through the majority of the year on fed steers and heifers. So that’s why I’m fairly comfortable that we can continue on the trend that we’ve been on. 
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch :  And the outlook for exports, I mean is that based on the weak US dollar, the exports looked pretty good for the last couple of weeks, the USDA in October, are you starting to see that in your numbers. 
Jim Lochner : Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : I’m kind of under the impression that Tyson was trying to improve the chicken operations going back last year in terms of restructuring the chicken operation to some extent to kind of be above the industry margins. The 1.2% margin seemed somewhat surprisingly low so I guess the question I have is, what actions were taken that weren’t really that successful and what actions are going to be taken forward to change the trajectory of the underlying chicken margin for Tyson. 
Donnie Smith : Again, in Q4 markets were down, grains were up and we had some international start up stuff that hit that. So let me shift to the go forward deal which I think is kind of the real guts of your question, let me give you an example of something that we did through this year and I think you’ll get a feel for how that’s going to propel us on into 2010.  I’m going to use an example from our small bird business which we’re very happy with that business and that’s a sector we like, in April of this past year we pinpointed and targeted some issues with that small bird business where we just weren’t going to be able to be as competitive as we needed to be. Some plants more then others, but changes needed to be made. Now I’m not going to go into a whole lot of details but by June we were getting started on the changes to that business and last week by the way, we put the final piece of equipment in the last plant on the project list, so its going to take another month or so, maybe a little bit more for us to realize that benefit of that work we were doing.  But its going to be a game changer for us in our small bird business. I don’t really want to go into the exact dollar terms of what that’s going to be but there’s other changes in other segments of our business that we’re making as well, very targeted approach, facility by facility that in due time are going to pay dividends.  Some might not come as quick as from June to January, but just as assuredly they’ll make the improvements that we’ve got targeted. Does that help.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : A smidge, when will we see the benefits. When will we expect Tyson to be above industry margins, how’s that and I’m sorry to ask the second question. 
Donnie Smith : Well, we think the back half of our year is going to be certainly an improvement over the first. I will tell you this, we are in Agri Stats, and we’ve talked about those numbers a little bit, during our Q3 and our Q4, we were hanging around about average, give or take a little bit in operations profit per live pound for both of those quarters. Starting in October, November we’re doing better then that. Got to keep reminding you there’s three holidays in this quarter but once we get past that, we believe that our line efficiencies and labor efficiencies are going to improve in quarters two, three, and four. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets 
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets : Going back to the chicken results because they were disappointing relative to my estimate as well, I was wondering if you could give us a specific example of these issues you mentioned or a dollar amount around the start up costs in international, the volatility and when those showed up and when they’re going to be resolved. 
Donnie Smith : Okay, I’ll give you a couple of things. We had had in our business an issue with frankly some dried broth powder, and I’m getting pretty specific here, I don’t want to make a habit of doing this on the call, we were looking for avenues during Q3 to be able to find an appropriate home for that. It had been in inventory for quite some time and frankly just didn’t work out.  So in Q4 we wrote that off and we had a few things like that so that’s an example. But more specifically during Q4 we were starting up about 22 cone lines in our small bird business and going to more hand deboning. It takes a while for you to hire a work force, get them trained, and get them up to speed, and I tell you in Q4 we had a very disappointing boneless, skinless breast to live yield in that quarter.  Not just in the small bird group but in other groups as well. Its those type things that we’re aggressively working on improving now seeing good progress and those are the type of things that will carry us through the rest of 2010.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets : So when you said that in Q3 and Q4 you were close to average in Agri Stats, are you separating out these disappointing yields and this dry broth issue to get to that average performance. 
Donnie Smith : No ma’am, that’s straight up. And let me let Rick comment a little bit on this international deal because that was a pretty good piece of it too. 
Rick Greubel : In Brazil we had a number of things go on there that were negative to the business, one was that for the year the real has strengthened about 35% versus the US dollar and in Q4 alone it was over 12% of appreciation and at the same time the export markets, which are about half of our businesses, our production is exported out of Brazil.  They have not come back and I’m speaking specifically here about boneless, skinless breast meat going to Europe, or boneless thigh meat going to Japan, so traditionally Brazil has been able as an industry to do a real good job of raising prices in dollars whenever the real appreciated.  And we did not see that throughout Q4. Things are a little better today then they were in October but they’re still not where they need to be. Additionally we had about five or six new cone lines going in Brazil as we continued to expand our production and we are still operating at less then full capacity there.  So when you’re producing at less then full capacity, your costs are rising because of the currency and the export markets haven’t returned, you got a number of challenges that you’re facing and that was a big piece of it. 
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets : Still we should expect better domestic chicken results going forward but it sounds like the international piece is going to be a drag for a while. 
Rick Greubel : I think what we have to see in international is a couple of things, one is we’ve got to get our capacities up so that we’re taking care of those variances, and I know we’re going to get better in our production as our people get experience on those lines.  And then number two, we need to see the pricing improve relative to the currency in Brazil, we don’t see anything that indicates that the real is going to weaken so it really means that we’ve got to see demand come back in those export markets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : To get your, I think your comment was that you have to produce this year what you took out of inventory last year in chicken, does that mean that your production would be up 5% this year. 
Donnie Smith : No, it does not. It wouldn’t be five. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : And just a clarification, you’re talking about 22 cone lines in small bird, is that part of the small bird restructuring that you did or are you increasing small bird production as a result of these 22 cone lines or just shifting things around. 
Donnie Smith : Its part of the restructuring and it was part of the change in the mix to be able to get a mix that would be profitable out of those plants. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : And maybe you could talk a little bit more about international, Tyson has never had a lot of experience operating in emerging markets, this is really their first foray of significance, maybe you just give us a little more clarity here, will these results be profitable in the next year or do you really need exports to improve and you really need the currency to be better in order for them to be profitable and can they be profitable even if those elements are still weak.
Rick Greubel : I think they can be profitable if we recover, we’ve got to fill up the production and eliminate those variances and that’s the decision that we wrestle with every day is as long as these export markets continue to be weak and the currency continues to be strong, how fast do you want to expand your production.  And I’m not going to go into more detail on that but I wanted to give you a feel for the decisions that we have in front of us. And Mexico has been another challenge, it’s in a severe recession right now, GDP is down 7% for the year, unemployment 13%, demand has softened significantly, exports from the US to Mexico were up putting more pressure, so you’re in an over supply situation even though the industry has cut back production about 4%.  Operationally we are a lot better in Mexico then we were a year ago, but when you’re in an over supply situation due to reduced demand, it is a difficult market situation. And China is better, in China we don’t have a demand issue, we are increasing production there.  We’ve got strong GDP growth, and it looks like the food service industry is just chugging along well and we are a big supplier into that market segment so I would say we feel a lot better about China then I would say Mexico and Brazil right now. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : I haven’t read the proxy yet, but just one last question, I remember Dick Bond had a big incentive clause based on operating income in any given year, is that going to be a major piece of your incentive. 
Donnie Smith : Actually the comp committee of the Board is working on my incentive package and I’m, that’s about all I, I don’t want to sound like Forrest Gump here, that’s really all I have to say about that right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: I was wondering just following on Christine McCracken’s line of questioning, it looks like fresh meat is starting to stabilize and leg quarter demand has picked up, so I’m curious is demand recovering or do you see any kind of temporary increase because of trying to get in under the Russian quota or a switch to boneless wings and you noted an increase in production or that you want to fill up your plants, I’m just curious what is your utilization running at and what’s the target. 
Donnie Smith : Great series of questions there, I’ll try to remember them all. As far as demand goes, here’s what we see, overall and I’m going to just kind of forward look into 2010, it looks like to us overall protein supplies domestically are going to be down. [Pullet] placements have remained stable with the [inaudible] place numbers where they are, it looks like to us that this thing is not going to get too carried away.  Demand is not great but 2010 versus 2009 is not going to be near as bad as 2009 was versus 2008, so we’ve got in front of us a decent manageable balance. Now with what we’ve done to take the inventory out of the system, it gives us the opportunity to be able to produce more without necessarily selling more. Now I’m not saying that we’re not going to grow sales, because with our run rate, we certainly will, we want to help grow our customers’ business, that’s always our focus. But we don’t have to sell more in 2010 to produce more in 2010 because we’ve taken all this product out of inventory.  So I think in the front end of our plants, we’ll be bumping up towards a very high 90’s utilization number. We’ve still got lots of latent capacity in our business on the FP side which is not a bad story because that means we can continue to grow our business without a lot of capital requirements. So hope that answered everything if I caught it right. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: The only thing, just about boneless picking up and export demand picking up. 
Donnie Smith : I’ll tell you, we have seen boneless prices increase $0.04 a pound the week before Thanksgiving, I don’t remember that. So I don’t know what that portends for the future and we’ll take this thing as it comes but if we’re right on what we think about the overall domestic supplies, with what Jim says driven by the export in beef and pork, we feel like we’ve got a pretty good shot in 2010 of seeing some pretty decent pricing, but we’ll take that as it comes. Our focus right now is on operational excellence and our folks are focused on getting our cost structure where it needs to be. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : I wanted to ask you about prepared foods, can you still stay within the targeted 4% to 6% operating margin range for all of 2010 even if input prices go up. 
Donnie Smith : I believe we can, yes ma’am. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : And what percentage of your business is now shorter-term in contract. 
Donnie Smith : If we go back a couple of years ago, something short of 50% of our business in, wait a minute, are you talking about chicken or prepared. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company : Prepared foods. 
Donnie Smith : In prepared we have very, very little fixed price contracts, most everything we’ve got is on a formula or a matrix, so very little fixed price. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Congratulations first of all, when you look at your chicken restructuring, do you have numbers, about how much you’re targeting saving in fiscal 2010 and the timing of when those savings will come. 
Donnie Smith : No, I really don’t want to get into the details of that. I think it will, certainly its going to play itself out in our numbers because for the first time I can actually see our plan execution in our results so we’re, as we talked about where we see 2010 going, that restructuring and the things we’re doing around operational excellence will be what gets us there. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And right now your chicken division is kind of average for the industry and a lot of the industry is right now running in the red, so can we expect sort of fiscal first quarter earnings for the chicken division to be in the red and kind of progress to positive seasonality as the year flows. 
Donnie Smith : No I don’t think you should. I don’t want to get into giving guidance and that kind of thing, but we’re off to a very good start, we’re ahead of plan. The first six or seven weeks of our quarter is off to a good start. I don’t see us being negative, no. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc 
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc : Congratulations on the appointments, just one quick one on chicken, in terms of again I think a lot of people asked about your performance relative to the industry which was much weaker from what we see, sequentially I think you’re the only chicken company that we follow that saw a major decline in the September quarter from a margin standpoint, can you just help us understand that. What in your business other then international would cause a sequential decline in margins. 
Donnie Smith : Okay so we talked about the international piece of it, markets were down, our grain costs were up, there were several one-off things that we did whether it’s the dry broth powder deal I mentioned or there’s a few other type things like that, that added up in the quarter.  Those things plus the issues we have around how during our restructuring it just takes a little time for the operational improvements to happen while you’re staffing lines and doing those type things. Those were the things that caused the dip from three to four. 
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc : If you look at your pork and prepared foods and you look at where futures are for hogs today, I think they were pointing to about $8.00 increase on a live basis I think for next year, can you just comment on what you think the futures imply. Do you believe in that, is it too optimistic, you’ve said in your prepared remarks that you think there’s going to be enough supply then the supply reduction will accelerate in the back half, but it seems like from everything you said, you still expect utilization levels to be pretty high. So maybe you could just talk about utilization levels and give us a sense of whether you think futures are too optimistic or not. 
Jim Lochner : Futures prices should reflect total revenue increases which I am optimistic will increase based on the comments I made particularly with stimulation of exports and a decreasing supply and even through October it appeared that the demand for, or domestic pricing, or demand for domestic pork increased.  And then if you really roll back and look we came off the peak year of 2008 and 2009 was down slightly and we’ll still be above 2007 and we were able, that was, we haven’t materially changed the structure of the industry compared to 2007. So that’s the basis behind my optimism in being able to manage through the margin with increasing revenues and the supplies not decreasing dramatically, but down.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman - JPMorgan 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan : My question in on your statement that you believe chicken demand will go up in the back half of the year. You know you’re not the only company out there to be talking about an improved back half of, I know your fiscal 2010 is different then calendar but it seems like the back half is going to be a for a lot of companies this wonderful recovery period, and I just don’t quite understand where the data is that would lead people to think that the consumer is going to suddenly be better then. I’m not questioning what you’re saying, I’m just hoping to get some kind of clarity on where that statement is coming from and maybe some confidence in some data behind that. 
Donnie Smith : I can tell you what’s behind it, number one its seasonal. Right, I mean three and four are always better then one and two in the chicken side of the deal. Number two we think there’s a chance for the economy to improve or whatever, now, we don’t necessarily have to have that because we believe there’s going to be a limited supply of overall protein in the US in the back half of the year.  So if there is no economic recovery, I don’t think that [allays] our optimism about chicken demand a bit, and I don’t think we’re talking about an overwhelming demand. If you look at the USDA’s number, they’ve got chicken production up about 1% in 2010, that seems reasonable to me.  So really that’s kind of what we’re talking about. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan : You know, you’ve forgotten more about chicken then I’ll ever know, but 1% seems light to me. Given what you are talking about today and who knows what Pilgrim’s Pride is going to do but they’re going to be recapitalized and going to have a very different outlook and different take and then a year from now you’re going to have, I know its not next year, but a year from now you’re going to have Sanderson Farms coming online with Kingston so 1% seems fairly conservative to me. Does it not seem conservative to you?
Donnie Smith : I don’t know how the industry is going to respond to all of the things that will come down the road between now and then, but I can tell you we have got ourselves in a position that we’ve been wanting to be in for a long time to where as we grow our business with our customers, we’re in the position to either produce it or buy it, depending on which is more opportunistic for us. I like that position. So if demand comes into the chicken segment from a reduce in overall protein, seasonal, whatever, we’re positioned well to take advantage of it. And also probably ought to let Rick have a comment or two about this. 
Rick Greubel : There’s about a least we track about 30 years worth of data that clearly shows that protein consumption and GDP are highly correlated. This year’s global GDP growth is slightly positive driven mainly by China and India with the developing world all being negative. Most of the forecast for next year is that the developing world goes positive, maybe not anything super strong, but positive and the developing world probably continues to be relatively strong.  Chicken also is your most economical protein and the most accessible. So we think based on better GDP growth and the economics around chicken affordability, we’re going to see stronger global demand. And I think most of the people that look at this are all predicting that as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : My question would just have to do with trying to better understand, let’s assume the economy does recover next year, and you’re right and chicken demand does increase, in your plan and in the conversation that you had with us this morning, in that scenario do you also assume that oil and grain prices and everything else are going to move up with that demand or are you sort of expecting status quo of futures curves in that regard. 
Donnie Smith : Basically what we do is we look at the forward curves in the futures markets and of course we know what the basis in freight is doing as well and we can plot daily of course, what our forward grain cost position is going to be so we’re assuming the forward grain cost based on the forward curve of the futures markets today. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : Okay so in other words this economic recovery that would come in the second half of next year is already baked into the corn futures curve, but its not baked into chicken prices right now, is that right?
Jim Lochner : I would think you could draw that scenario. I think the futures curves are on the base commodities do have that built in and I think the lag will be the things we’ve been talking about that we’re starting to see this interest in export disappearance which will start to limit domestic availability of all proteins in addition to the production declines in pork and then followed by beef. And so that’s why the optimism of being able to push the price on the reduced overall supplies there and the input costs we think have that baked into it at this point in time. 
Rick Greubel : The other comment would be that grain prices in the futures are not just dependent on economic recovery, they also take into account ending stocks and planning intentions. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : I just had one follow-up question on a comment made by Jim, I think you said that you expect a fairly tight cattle supply but for overall supply to be made up by heavier weights, and I guess I’m a little bit surprised by that given some of the things that you have been working on to move towards smaller fed cattle and then secondly we’ve had a really sharp drop off here in the last three, four weeks in weights and I was wondering how that lines up with your comments relative to weight. 
Jim Lochner : Good question because if we think in terms that the cowherd is declining and the dairy herd is declining, so we’ve pushed placements back later into the year heavier placement weights. And that gives us a more favorable supply through the majority of our fiscal 2010.  In my rationale even though the weights have dramatically dropped off in the last two weeks down to the five year average, it’s the placement weight component and the feed cost and the different management to maximize the efficiency of gain that I think will keep the carcass weights.  And ideally I’d love carcass weights to stay where they’ve been and the standard deviation of the weight variance to drop, that’s the best overall scenario for us and the rest of the beef Industry. But I don’t think we’re going to see a major trend change down to lighter weight carcasses. 
Ruth Ann Wisener:  Thank you very much for your interest in the company and attending the call today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener - Investor Relations Leland E. Tollett - Interim President, Interim Chief Executive Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Donald Smith - Senior Group Vice President - Poultry and Prepared Foods James V. Lochner - Senior Group Vice President - Fresh Meats and Margin Optimization Richard A. Greubel Jr. - Group Vice President, International President
Analysts:  Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company 
Operator:  Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) Now I would like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Ruth Ann Wisener. You may begin. 
Ruth Ann Wisener : Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods’ conference call for the third quarter of our 2009 fiscal year. Sorry about the delay in getting the call this morning. We had an error in our dial-in number that was published.  I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today, which could change. I encourage you to look at today’s press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business.  First, we will hear opening remarks from our interim President and CEO, Leland Tollett, followed by the financial report from CFO Dennis Leatherby. Reporting on our chicken and prepared food segments will be Donny Smith, Senior Group Vice President of Poultry and Prepared Foods. Reporting on our beef and pork segments will be Jim Lochner, Senior Group Vice President of Tyson Fresh Meat.  Also joining us on the call today are Rick Greubel, Group Vice President and International President, and Jeff Webster, Group Vice President of our Renewable Products Division.  To keep the call to one hour, and to ensure everyone has an opportunity to ask a question, I ask you to limit yourself to one question and one clarifying follow-up. If you have another question, please get back in the queue. If we have any time remaining, we’ll take additional questions in the order you queued up until we run out of time.  I will now turn the call over to Interim CEO, Leland Tollett. 
Leland E. Tollett: Thank you, Ruth Ann and good morning, everyone. I am proud of the results that we produced for the third quarter of fiscal ’09. Our operating segments are beginning to perform as they should and there is a balance across all segments of our business. The most dramatic improvement has occurred in the chicken business. That’s the one that I expected and we need the most improvement in. Some of that is due to market conditions but a big piece of that is due to the efforts we’ve made over the past several months to get that business turned around.  We still have a lot of work to do but we’ve made a lot of progress in a very short period of time. In the third quarter, the beef and the pork segments continued to perform well, which they have been doing now for roughly 18 months. The prepared food segment benefited from lower input costs in addition to our improvements and execution and the changes we’ve made in that business model.  We continue to develop our international business. Exports in the third quarter benefited from higher volume, strong [leg] quarter prices, and strong [pork] prices. Mexico had a strong quarter due to price and product improvements. We continue to make progress in Brazil as we bring that facility up to speed, as well as progress in China. Our joint venture in India recently introduced more branded, value-added products to that market.  And our renewable products division is performing to expectations. The core rendering business is solid, the initiatives underway in fuels and pet food products, and biotech and nutriceuticals are progressing and most of the effort here is directed toward driving inedible product from our operations up the value chain.  So I’m happy that our operations improvements are being reflected in the financial performance for our company. This should be an indicator of how this company is capable of performing.  Not every segment will do well in every quarter because of seasonality but I think the range and the volatility should be diminished substantially. Our customer contracts are shorter, which keeps us closer to the market. We are current to the market with regard to grain and soybean meal.  Our team members are energized, they are excited about what they are doing. They are concentrated on continuous improvements in our operations and we are being able to execute at the marketplace without having to deal with some of the distractions we’ve had in the past.  With that, I will turn the call over to Dennis for the financial report. 
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Leland. Good morning, everyone. As stated in our press release Q309, we made $0.35 per share compared to $0.03 per share in Q309. All segments were profitable and within their respective normalized operating margin ranges.  All of our operating segments performed solidly in the face of tough economic conditions and I am especially impressed with the operating performance improvements in our chicken segment, which have impacted our margins in a favorable way this quarter.  As for our other key financial measures, we had more than $1 billion in cash at the end of Q309, including $200 million in restricted cash. Total debt was $3.5 billion. More importantly, net debt was under $2.5 billion.  Like last quarter, this represents the lowest net debt balances since the IVP acquisition and is largely the result of working capital improvements. Our people have been doing a fantastic job generating and conserving cash. Our continued inventory reduction has been a big driver in these working capital improvements. A five-day reduction in inventory days represents about a $350 million improvement in working capital compared to a year ago.  Our accounts receivable improvement of 1.7 days is worth another $125 million for a combined total of $475 million compared to a year ago. Not only did this working capital reduction free up a considerable amount of cash, it also positions us well for the future and I expect this discipline will continue.  Our total debt to cap at the end of Q3 was 42.2%. On a net debt basis, it’s 33.9%.  We’ll continue to drive down debt as quickly as we can and are still targeting a net debt level at or below $2 billion within the next 12 to 18 months. We also have ample liquidity between unused capacity under the ABL facility and all cash, our liquidity at the end of Q309 was again about $1.7 billion.  Our cash position has allowed us to get off to a great start addressing debt. This quarter, we bought $239 million of our bonds, bringing our total purchases since March to $277 million. These bond buy-backs will result in reduced interest expense of just over $5 million for each of the next couple of quarters.  We will continue to be opportunistic in buying back our bonds, although with recent price increases, we’re not buying any at the present time.  Q309 interest expense increased $37 million compared to the same quarter last year and totaled $88 million. Interest expense increased due to both our recent capital risk in Q209 and related amortization of debt issuance fees. We anticipate full-year interest expense of approximately $295 million to $300 million.  Capital expenditures for Q309 were $88 million compared to $120 million in Q308. Year-to-date spending is just under $250 million.  We expect fiscal ’09 capital expenditures to be in the range of $350 million to $400 million. While less than in previous years, rest assured we are taking care of our plants and are continuing to fund good projects.  Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 36%. We estimate for the fourth quarter our effective tax rate will be around 37%.  In closing, I would just like to thank the great leadership team with me on this call and the many team members who are delivering strong results, striving to get even better, and improving the financial health and future outlook of our company dramatically. It is a great pleasure to work with all of you and I look forward to even more improvements and success in the years ahead. It is great to see our teams come together, focused, and have fun making good money again.  With that, I would like to pass it over to Donny Smith to report on the chicken and prepared food segments. 
Donald Smith: Thanks, Dennis. Good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, the chicken segment posted operating income of $143 million and an operating margin of 5.9% compared to a loss of $30 million and an operating margin of negative 1.3% in the same quarter last year. This 7.2% swing in operating margin was due to better market prices, lower grain and fuel prices, and more importantly improvements in the efficiency of our operations.  I know we’ve been talking about operational efficiencies for several quarters and now we can see the impact of those efforts affecting our results. We’ve seen improvements within our controllable areas of live operations, plant efficiencies, better yields, improved logistics costs, changes in product mix, and in shortening the length of contracts with our customers to stay closer to the market.  Inventory reduction also played a big role this quarter. The sales volume was up 5% over Q3 of ’08 and a big piece of the volume came from inventory. We moved a huge amount of chicken in the past two quarters and we did it without giving up price, as indicated by the 2% gain in price per pound in the third quarter.  Because we are doing a better job running the business, we are able to capture the opportunities the market gave us and outperform the levels we discussed for Q3 in our last call. While we are pleased with what we’ve accomplished, we’re not satisfied. We still have work to do on our operational efficiencies, growing our sales, and improving our pricing.  We are now in the fourth quarter with inventory in the best shape it’s been in for years. We’re doing a better job selling and being our customers’ go-to supplier. We’ve talked a lot recently about balancing supply and demand and now that it’s balanced, we plan on keeping it that way. Simply put, our plan is to sell what we produce and produce what we sell.  This quarter will be a little tougher. I am concerned about the softness in the economy. We are simply not seeing the demand recovery we had previously expected. [leg] quarter prices have fallen about $0.09 a pound in the last month or so and there’s an over-supply of [bulk fresh meat] weighing on that market as well. Grain costs have come down but even though we are fairly current with our purchases, it takes several weeks for those purchases to work their way through to the finished goods inventory. In Q4, I think pricing pressure will offset much of the benefit we might get from grain, so having said all that, I think it’s likely our fourth quarter return on sales for the chicken segment will be softer than what we saw in Q3.  For the longer term though, I believe our chicken segment is well-positioned. Protein supplies are forecasted to be lower. Our inventories are in much better shape and we are running a much better business.  Although there will continue to be fluctuations from quarter to quarter due to seasonality of our business, I like the position that we are in.  Now let’s turn to the prepared food segment -- third quarter operating income was $40 million with an operating margin of 5.9% versus operating income of $9 million and a 1.3% operating margin in Q3 of ’08, with pork being a major input for prepared foods. Of course, pork prices certainly helped us. The national launch of Right Brand Bacon is going even better than expected. We are expanding to more retail customers and growing volume every month as we support the Right Brand with radio advertising and PR campaign.  Tyson is the leading manufacturer of private label lunch meat and bacon in the retail channel. Our Mexican original tortilla business had another record-setting volume quarter. The bulk of our Mexican original sales are QSR, which has done a little better than other channels since the downturn in the economy. Our pizza crust business has been holding its own. Pizza toppings and sauces are strong. We are putting a lot of marketing support behind our Bonici brand to capitalize on the opportunities for food service pizza beyond the QSR channel.  Overall, I think the prepared food segment is running the best it has since we’ve owned it. Yes, we’ve benefited from favorable market conditions but we have a great team running this segment and we’ve also done a lot of work to get our footprint right, to fill up our plants and get our costs in line. We’ve been aggressive in our marketing efforts and we are growing the business.  As I said earlier, our team is pleased with what we’ve accomplished but not satisfied. We’ve got more work to do and what we are doing is making a difference. I am very proud of this team. They are aggressive, confident, and they are competent and I believe we are positioned in our business to compete effectively for the long run.  I want to say thank you to all our hard-working team members for all they do every day to make the difference. Now I’ll turn it over to Jim for the fresh meats report. 
James V. Lochner: Thanks, Donny and good morning. The beef segment made $66 million, or about 2.4% this quarter. Our Q3 is usually our strongest quarter but this year was below the Q3-Q408 results predominantly from demand pressure. As a reminder, our Q3-Q408 results were impacted by mark-to-market accounting treatment for derivatives. When those periods are combined, the operating margin for Q3-Q408 was 2.8%.  Compared to Q3 of ’08, industry production volume was down with steer/heifer slaughter down over 5%, or about 31,000 head per week. However, our estimates imply domestic beef availability was only 1% to 2% less than last year because export volumes decreased and import volumes increased, offsetting the decreased production.  Weekly capacity utilization was 87%, or just over 5 days, about equal to Q308. However, our daily capacity utilization has improved dramatically over the last two years, improving our operating costs.  Capacity utilization is an important metric to watch but total revenue versus cattle cost, the gross margin spread is what determines profitability. We have improved our total revenue managing product mix, yields, and premium program sales. Additionally, we have been very careful not to over-supply the pipeline during this period of soft demand, which would drive down price.  You should keep in mind we are running a significantly different beef business than a few years ago. We closed or reorganized several regionally not competitive plants and improved staffing, which increased our daily capacity and reduced cost. This also allowed us to optimize the product mixes for revenue.  It is important to note our beef segment has averaged a 1.7% adjusted operating margin to five quarters before this one, even with a 14% decline in revenues since Q4 of ’08. Our focus on execution continues to drive results.  Looking forward in the beef segment, my view of the fundamentals hasn’t changed much since our second quarter call. We expect to see adequate supplies of fed cattle and continued demand pressure. Cattle [and feed] numbers have been lower than last year as placements have been down. This appears to be a function of fewer imported feeder cattle, excellent pasture conditions, and the implied reduction in the calf crop from prior inventory reports. Pasture conditions have been the best seen in many years. It appears cattle are likely out on pasture and will come to the feed lots later than they would have otherwise.  The fed and steer heifer slaughter reduction suggests fed supplies are being pushed into the last summer and fall. Overall, our beef team has achieved dramatic improvements from prior years and continues to focus on earnings drivers, while managing a much more competitive business.  Moving on to the pork business, the pork segment had a respectable quarter, coming in at $28 million, or 3.3% operating margin. Year over year, total revenues declined dramatically in the pork segment, close to 15%. All prices declined nearly the same as the total revenue, allowing us to manage the spread in a difficult market. The revenue pressure in the pork complex was from numerous factors, including H1N1. However, excess supplies of domestic pork from a dramatic slow-down in exports on a weak economy pressured pricing throughout the quarter. Capacity utilization for the quarter came in just over a five-day per week average, or 84%, about the same as Q308. These positive results illustrate our continued emphasis on managing a spread business and streamlining our cost structure from improved operations. Our pork team has been very focused on the day-to-day activities to manage margins, which include yields, costs, mix optimization, and pricing. We emphasize maximizing revenue and believe hog costs will follow revenue.  Hog supplies will be down in Q4 year over year but still adequate. We do expect to see liquidation accelerate and pork production decrease into 2010 and beyond to improve producer profitability. We will continue to watch forward hog supplies to drive more exports, monitor demand, focus on cost, mix, and pricing to generate revenue.  In closing, our fresh meat team has achieved very respectable results in a tough economic environment with declining revenues for prolonged periods. Our operations are functioning extremely well, our plans are fully staffed and running very efficient, even with virtually no six-day production. I am very proud of both the pork and beef groups. Their teamwork and focus on our results has been the difference in an otherwise tough economic conditions.  With that, I will turn it back over to Leland for closing comments. 
Leland E. Tollett: Thanks, Jim. In closing, I want to say that I am encouraged about the direction this company is headed. We’ve had good steady improvement and performance from beef and pork for quite a while now. Our prepared foods business is doing well, and as I’ve indicated and as Donny pointed out, the chicken business is rapidly making progress.  I think people around here feel better about their work. They are seeing the results of their contribution and it shows in their attitude. It is starting to get fun around here and I don’t see any reason why we cant continue in this direction.  So Operator, we’re ready to take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning. Jim, could we get some more color on beef? It just had a fantastic quarter. Do you expect results in the fourth quarter to be in your normalized range again, despite the difficult quarter or economic environment?
James V. Lochner: Good morning, Farha. Thank you for the comments. The fourth quarter, I do expect to stay in about the same zone that we’ve come through. I don’t see a major shortage in livestock because the industry is not over-supply the pipeline. Demand is soft and absent any major disruption in export markets, I really don’t see much change going forward. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And Donny, you were talking about chicken being softer going into the fourth quarter. Do you expect margins to remain within your normalized areas or do you think the market is just in for a little bit of a tough fiscal fourth quarter?
Donald Smith: I think more of the latter part there, Farha. I think it’s going to be a little tougher in the fourth quarter. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for your comments. 
Donald Smith: Thank you. 
Operator: Tim Ramey, your line is open. 
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. I sense a strong move to the risk adverse from previous quarters and years. You noted the relatively flat commodity position. We almost heard the term paper to paper, although not quite in terms of selling what you make and making what you sell. Can you talk a little bit more generally about the attitude of managing the business and how you are controlling risk in the corporation?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, as you said, we are taking less risk than we’ve taken in the past. I think our attitude around here until we get more stability in the commodity markets quarter on quarter and year-on-year, we will continue to do that. We will manage this business on a shorter term proposition than we’ve had in the past.  The idea that we can hedge everything is just -- it does not exist so therefore we are going to stay close to the market and also close to the market in terms of going to the marketplace with finished product. 
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you. 
Operator: Ken Zaslow, your line is open. 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: You guys talked about feed costs not being -- coming down but not being realized until next year. But if I look into 2010, would you argue that the lower feed costs offset the lower chicken prices and kind of everything net net kind of comes back to where we’d be today, if we were able to just fast-forward to 2010? Or does the lower feed costs not offset the lower chicken prices?
Dennis Leatherby: The lower feed prices -- keep in mind we had a pretty good run-up in the first of June from -- the entire month of June was high. It’s tailing off right now. We’ve got a combination of factors in place here. We’ve got improvements in our operations that help and they are continuing, and then we have this blurb in the price of feed there in June that takes an extended period of time to work itself all the way through. Now how that balances with the revenue side, you know, that remains to be seen a little bit. I’ll turn it over to Donny and he can give that a swing also. 
Donald Smith: Here’s what I would say -- what we’ve got to do is continue to shorten up our pricing cycle, if you will. We’ve got our inventories in shape. If we will continue to hold our pricing in a fairly narrow window when the commodity prices on the cost side do react, we are in much better shape to recoup that cost in our pricing. So I can’t tell you what the grain cost is going to be next year. We hadn’t harvested the crop yet, it looks good so far but you know, lots of factors involved in that, so I don’t want to get to speculating on that.  Our job is to operate our business well, keep our cost in line, and make sure that we shorten up our pricing cycles to the point that when the commodity markets do react, we’re able to respond to that as quickly as we can in the marketplace. 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you. Jim, just a question on the hedges -- if I think about that, I know every quarter you write about the hedges, is that really hedging or is that basically what you do every day, you know, it just has to -- it’s the accounting term of hedging because you know, you even said in your forward-looking remarks that this quarter should be similar to last quarter and I’m assuming you can’t figure out what your hedges are going to be on September 30th. So is the hedging just an accounting term or is that something really -- you know, or is it just how you operate the business every day? [Because it sounds like] it’s relatively flat, so I’m assuming it’s how you operate, not hedging per se. 
James V. Lochner: It is -- I am going to answer that by saying it is predominantly how we operate the business. We don’t take any speculative positions. What happens is on occasion we’ll have producers who want to sell cattle forward and we’ll manage the basis risk and then if we’re selling boxes forward, we’re going to try to hedge our position there and so it’s always a fiscal financial offset, so it is really as you said, how you really run the business but because we have to keep track of the derivatives and state them such, it implies something other than that but it is exactly what you -- 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: But so we shouldn’t -- it shouldn’t be considered hedging? Like the chicken side of it, the feed cost is hedging. This is day-to-day operations. 
James V. Lochner: Yeah, I would say it’s day-to-day operations but we use financial positions if we have to go forward on a sale or a buy. 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Christina McGlone, your line is open. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you. You talked about shortening the timeframe on the chicken contracts and I’m wondering if -- how the industry is doing with that, especially as we head into the fall negotiating season. Does the industry seem to be participating in shorter contracts in order to be able to manage commodities better?
Donald Smith: I don’t really pay a lot of attention to what is going on with the other folks in the industry. I just know what we are trying to do and so far we’ve been successful and have been able to what I call shortening up the pricing cycle. I don’t know if that’s the best term for it or not but what I mean by that is to have less fixed price risk going forward certainly beyond 90 days, so I know what we are doing but that’s it. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: So then Donny, it’s not a -- there’s no risk that you would lose market share if with lower corn, competitors all of a sudden hedge out corn, go longer in their contracts -- that wouldn’t be a concern to you about market share loss?
Donald Smith: I don’t believe we are going to lose any market share, no. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and then I just wanted to know, in terms of the cost savings and internal efforts, I believe you have about $250 million running through your P&L and I was wondering if first if that’s right and second, what’s left and over what time frame it would be realized, and where you are relative to the industry in terms of efficiency?
Donald Smith: Okay. That’s quite a question. Let me try to take that apart for a second. Number one, in past calls, we had discussed spending $120 million, $130 million or so and then seeing a $240 million, $250 million or so return for that. That return is in these numbers. In other words, we did -- those capital projects and those capital projects are returning like we supposed them to be, so the $250 million that you mentioned is included in the numbers that we are seeing.  In terms of what we are doing and that type of thing, we are still -- we still have opportunity in front of us. I think Leland mentioned in his remarks that we’ve come a long ways but we’ve got a lot more work to do and that’s true. If I was trying to capture for you some semblance of how much of the value we’ve captured, I would tell you we are somewhere in the middle of the journey. Now whether that’s 45% or 65% complete, I can’t get near that close to it for you but I would just tell you that there’s still opportunity for us in operating efficiencies. We are working on those hard every day. We’ve got a great team focused on those, so still opportunity to improve our chicken business. 
Leland E. Tollett: We’ve got the relatively easy stuff done. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: And where are you in terms of the industry in terms of your efficiency?
Donald Smith: You know, we have mentioned I think on a previous call, I’m hoping this gives you some kind of reference, that we were about or a little better than average in agri stats. You know, we are still in about the average area so maybe that gives you some glimpse into how we compare within the industry. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Vincent Andrews, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on your quarter. I want to ask about production levels across the industry. One of your competitors last week announced that they are actually going to construct a new plant and that they are going to increase their level of production I think by about 7% in their fiscal year. So what are your expectations? You know, you made a comment about you are going to sell what you produce and produce what you sell, which -- how should we -- it sounds like you are saying you are not going to increase your production anytime soon, unless there’s demand for it. So if you could just comment on the overall industry supply situation and how you think that will impact you on a go-forward basis. 
Leland E. Tollett: About all we have to really go on is the [pull-it] placements or chicks place, chicks place being a short-term indicator of supply, pull-it placements being a longer term indicator. And both of those numbers would indicate that the supply will not be burdensome. But as far as that impacts our company, you’ve got it right -- we will produce according to our demand. We have no real thoughts about what the rest of the industry is going right now. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But you’re not concerned -- you have no concern that if the rest of the industry begins to produce more, it will make it difficult for you to price -- you know, to maintain your ability to adequately price close to the market? In order words, you’re not concerned about getting into a period of over-supply with still weak demand maybe six months from now?
Leland E. Tollett: I don’t see that happening anytime soon. Though keep in mind if somebody started building a plant today, it would be a year, year-and-a-half before they get it up so I don’t see that happening short-term. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then my only other question was I’ve been reading the Korean export demand for beef has tailed off pretty considerably recently. Do you have any idea what’s causing that and what sort of impact do you think that will have on the market, if anything?
Richard A. Greubel Jr.: I’ll take a shot at that for you. Korea -- actually, exports to Korea year over year are up but you are correct that there are higher inventories in the channel for us. They are going to work their way through. Receptivity to U.S. beef at retail has been slower than we had expected and that’s going to take some time to go back to those 2003 levels. The industry is about a third of the way there if that helps you think about it versus the 2003 pre-BSE peak.  But the exports overall though are really a different story, and they are up about 10% year over year. That’s through May U.S.D.A. numbers and our exports would be up a little more than that so we feel pretty good about that.  
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much. Congratulations again. 
Operator: Ken Goldman, your line is open. 
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Good morning. Gentlemen, a question on pull-its -- there’s been some speculation out there among people I’ve spoken with that maybe the U.S.D.A., their numbers on the year-on-year declines in pull-its are overstating or understating how many pull-its are really out there.  I haven’t really seen any evidence to back that up. As far as I know, the U.S.D.A. numbers are fairly accurate and I’m wondering if you can comment on that. 
Leland E. Tollett: We assume that the U.S.D.A. numbers are fairly accurate. They have been in years past. We see no indicator that that’s any different than that right now. 
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Okay, and then can we get a little bit more color on what happened in the last month? I mean, I know a lot of it is seasonality but what happened in the last month to send chicken prices down more than maybe the industry expected? I know it’s demand but maybe you could talk a little bit about where that demand was soft and where it sort of held in there. 
Donald Smith: Okay, Ken, I’ll try to take a shot at it for you. You know, I think traditionally after the Fourth of July, demand tends to soften. You mentioned the seasonality and that certainly played a part in it. I think in food service in general, we continue to see softness. I think chicken has held up fairly well compared to other proteins. We continue to focus on partnering with our customers to deliver against value propositions featuring a little heavier promotions, new value menu items, even maybe meal alternative snacks and that type of thing.  So as you switch over to the retail side, post July 4th, our demand has been fairly good on the lower value items -- drumsticks, thighs, leg quarters, et cetera. A little bit softer on the breast meat type items. You know, it seems like at the beginning of the month, pretty good demand for bonus skinless breast but here towards the latter part of the month, it was a little bit of a push.  As to why demand is down what it is, I think we continue it’s part of the economic softness. I think consumers are still concerned. They are chasing value. We do see some up-tick in a couple of trends, like retail consumers tell us that they are using leftovers a little more often, you know, brown-bagging to lunch is up, those type of things which those are all things that continue to point to just general economic weakness. Food service is a little softer than retail. That’s kind of the same store we’ve been telling. The QSR segment has held up better than full service dining -- again, that continues to be part of the story that we’ve been telling. So I don’t think there’s anything other than a bit more of the same in this economic news. 
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Robert Moskow, your line is open. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Good morning. Donny, if it makes you feel any better, we just paid about $10 a pound for boneless skinless breast at whole foods the other day. We ate every bite of it. 
Donald Smith: I appreciate that. So you’re giving a testament to our leftovers or did you eat it all on the first meal?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: We’re putting it in a casserole soon, so --
Donald Smith: Good for you. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: But I guess the comment about pork exports was interesting to me. It sounded like it fell off a lot. Recently the U.S.D.A. data doesn’t give us an update to that soon. Can you tell us what the drivers of that was and do you think that there’s a threat of excess red meat supplies putting pressure on chicken as well? If you look at cold storage inventories, pork is up a year ago, chicken is actually down. Could you help us with that?
James V. Lochner: Robert, let me start -- you always have to think year over year or what happened last year and you have to remember in pork exports, we’re comparing against such a huge robust year in ’08 and we had Russia jumped in and bought more, China bought more last year, and so year over year, we’re down. Now, let’s put it in relativity -- it’s still not as that far off of ’07.  But the key is we’ve got production numbers that are flowing through and compared to a year ago with those very strong exports that stimulated pricing, right now we are having that difficult because we have excess domestic supply.  And going forward, I don’t see any major threats that are going to change anything, although the export arena always has its opportunities. And certainly we’d like to see more export disappearance to take less domestic supply, so the total meat pool is influenced by imports plus exports plus production.  So those would be my comments. 
Richard A. Greubel Jr.: I’ll add just a little bit to that, Jim. You know, there’s really kind of a tale of two different stories going on in pork. Box pork exports, as you mentioned, they are down year over year, [again] through May and I think that for the industry as well as for our exports, and we are about the same level as the industry. We’ve made some internal choices on -- we have a large bone-in ham export market to Mexico and we saw some opportunities here in the U.S. during the quarter to run our de-boning lines and so boneless hams here in the U.S., so that was a bit of an internal trade-off, financial decision we made. But again, boxed pork is down about 8% year over year. Variety meats, however, are up significantly and we continue to see that demand continue and I think that’s going to be probably the same story for the rest of the year. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. And then a question for Dennis on the balance sheet -- you said that you are not going to be buying back any of your debt because the prices have gone up but you do have this $1 billion of cash sitting around. How long are you willing to wait before you do buy back your debt? And if it’s a long time, what else would you do with that cash?
Dennis Leatherby: Robert, I’ll have to clarify what I said -- I said we weren’t buying any at the present time. We are always looking at that value equation and who knows what if and when we’d make that change but we’ll continue to keep cash on the balance sheet. It’s important to us to have enough liquidity. Remember, we have restricted cash set aside for the 2010s, but we also have $830 million of 2011s coming due and so our goal is to be in a very strong position to pay those off. So whether we buy them early or pay them off at their maturity, having cash on the balance sheet is important for us and certainly it helps us to the extent we need to fund capital spending and just fund our general operations. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay, and then regarding that, you are also lowering your CapEx guidance for the year -- are you pushing projects into next year? Or are those -- 
Dennis Leatherby: Not really. Not really -- we’ve been really efficient with our spending. I’ve really appreciated how the team has helped us drive cash but at the same time, there’s been a lot of great projects with really high returns and I would expect next year will be another year of a lot of great projects. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Heather Jones, your line is open. 
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning. Good quarter. I want to follow-up on the chicken demand question. I was wondering if -- I understand you were saying that food service is still soft. I was wondering if you’ve seen incremental deterioration on a year-on-year basis in any of the channels, whether casual dining or QSR? McDonald’s had had some commentary, I believe it was June and July were softer than May, and so I was just wondering if you could dig deeper into food service and what are you seeing incrementally on those trends?
Donald Smith: Well, you know, I can’t get to commenting QSR by QSR, but if you lumped them all together, certainly food service demand has been softer than retail. QSR has been better than full service dining. I do think though in July, we did see a bit of a discouraging relapse from the demand that we had seen in food service prior to July. Now, how long that lasts, what were the underlying consumer issues behind that, you know, it’s just August the 3rd or 4th, so it’s a little early for us to be able to diagnose that.  You know, Heather, we continue to position ourselves, you know, the discovery center has been very busy. We’ve got a lot of customers that are talking about value on the menu. We’re working with them to help the grow their business and we will continue to do that. That’s important for us.  You know, drilling down any further, I don’t know that I would have a deeper answer for you on any specifics. 
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: No, that’s good. So basically you saw what you would characterize as a discouraging relapse in July and that didn’t improve as you went through the month?
Donald Smith: No, it was softer coming out of the Fourth of July and kind of held that softness through the month. Now, what will happen going on into August and September as we get into the back-to-school mode and folks get out there and start shopping for the kids and all that kind of stuff, typically demand improves. It’s not unusual for July demand to be softer than June, post Fourth of July. You know, we started from a little bit lower base, you know, with the weak economy going into this Fourth of July, so I don’t know that we felt anything out of the ordinary. I think we just need to see what happens as we get into back-to-school mode here in the next week or two. 
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then wondering if you could speak to what you are seeing in the export market for chicken. 
Richard A. Greubel Jr.: Sure, Heather. Good morning and leg quarter market as Donny mentioned during his opening comments is definitely softer than where it was let’s say a month or two ago and that’s really a function of some higher inventories in most of the -- what I’ll call non-Russian markets, so the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. As a result of that, we’re seeing a decrease in price, a softening in price and that’s probably going to be in place. Some of that is seasonal and things typically get better as we move towards the end of this quarter and the beginning of the next.  With regard to exports to pull-its to China, we have not seen any impact on our business so far in spite of all the news and the -- it was prevalent a couple of weeks ago and we still have demand. August is sold, September is selling, pricing is good. You know, that story still needs to play out. Feedback in the media from last week’s strategic economic dialog, the big meeting in Washington was, in the Chinese media the feedback was very positive, so that’s a good signal.  There’s still more work to be done there but so far, so good. 
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. My final question is moving into ‘010 and I understand there’s limited visibility but based on what you see now and assuming lower feed costs are flowing through at that point, would you think that Q1 chicken margins can get back into 5% to 7% range, or would that be a stretch?
Donald Smith: Heather, a little bit too much unknown for me to be able to call this quarter by quarter. I do think on an annual basis, our chicken business ought to be able to perform and I expect it to perform, in the normalized historical ranges but I don’t -- there’s no way I could speculate on a quarter by quarter basis. 
Heather L. Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Akshay Jagdale, your line is open. 
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc: Good morning. A couple of questions for you guys on chicken, and maybe just a follow-up to a lot of them that have been asked -- the first one is more about sort of long-term trends and normalized margins in chicken. I mean, you talked about savings of $240 million to $250 million. That’s about $0.02 a pound and on my estimate, about 3% to margins. I mean, if you are making all these operational improvements, one is how are we supposed to judge them as analysts if you are not helping us quantify them? And to that extent, why aren’t you ready to raise your normalized earnings guidance if you are today a more cost-effective chicken company than you were a year ago? So that’s -- if you could answer that, I have a follow-up after that. 
Donald Smith: Okay, sure. On your first one, I would tell you, like I answered to Heather, on an annualized basis we ought to be able to perform in our historical ranges. Why aren’t we willing to raise the range? And I don’t want to -- I know I’ve got a lot of my team that’s listening to this call and I don’t want to say anything that would discourage them but it’s a little too early in that we’ve just had one quarter in the normalized range in the last eight. So I am comfortable even continuing to talk about the previous historical normalized range and our ability to get there and we’ll see what happens from there. 
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc: Okay, and just in terms of your comments on the short-term outlook for chicken, from what I am reading and correct me if I am wrong, you obviously are saying it’s going to be below what you reported this quarter in terms of margins for next quarter in chicken. Is that -- I mean, that’s a change from what you thought in June. Is that mainly due to the demand side and your outlook for demand or are you telling us something about production that we should imply? I mean, the only thing we can see is PPC reported today as well, their volumes were down about 17%. So they are contributing about 80% of the decrease in production year-to-date.  So I’m just trying to understand whether the lower profitability in 4Q relative to what you were expecting in June is mainly driven by your expectations for demand rather than something about supply. 
Donald Smith: Yes, it is due to change in expectation on demand and the market prices that I referred to in my earlier comments. 
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc: Right, so if prices improve from here on, there is a possibility that those margins could come in close to 6% or even close to where you were saying before -- like, close to 7%?
Leland E. Tollett: That’s probably -- that’s reasonable to expect, I would think. Keep in mind the leg quarters are down, Rick, $0.08, is that about right?
Richard A. Greubel Jr.: Eight to nine cents. 
Leland E. Tollett: Eight to nine cents a pound. 
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Christine McCracken, your line is open. 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Good morning. Just on that export situation and the weakness we’ve seen in like quarters, you had commented I think some of these Middle Eastern Africa Asia markets were softer. What we had heard recently was that people were concerned about the renegotiation of the Russian contract and maybe you could provide an update on what’s going on there, what the likelihood is that that will get reassigned or if there will be another delay as there was last year?
Dennis Leatherby: Sure, Christina. Thank you for the question. You know, let me just step back a little bit. The softening in those other non-Russian markets is really a function of the fact that we kind of had a two-tier pricing market develop with Russia being significantly higher, call it $0.10 a pound than the non-Russian markets and that’s more a function of a number of plant de-listings and the quota reduction that’s occurred over the past six months relative to exports to Russia.  What it also tells you though is that there’s still significant demand in Russia and we track the prices in the local market from the domestic Russian producers and those prices are still pretty strong, as well as the prices that our importers are receiving from their product in the country so there’s still demand there.  On the other hand, we’ve managed our inventories to some of the lowest levels we’ve had in the past two or three years, so we’re pretty confident about that. I don’t think that the current pricing situation really has been affected by the concerns of renegotiating the Russian quota in what they call the sand pin regulation that occurred at the end of last year. That is going to happen. There are U.S.D.A, the Russian [Vet Service], conversations going on. We’ve had meetings here over the three or four months. That’s going to continue. The bottom line is we fully expect that to be resolved. That doesn’t mean there may not be some emotion involved between now and the end of the year but that will be resolved because the domestic production in Russia is not sufficient to meet the demand and they have to balance their concerns with food inflation and adequate supply. So that would be my take on it and we still have four or five months for that to play up. 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: So remind me -- that negotiation, that current agreement doesn’t expire until the end of the year?
Dennis Leatherby: End of the year, correct. 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then just as a follow-up, JVS in their filing talked about expanding into case ready and value-added, which seems like a bit of -- I guess move in a different direction from what you guys have been doing the last couple of years in terms of case ready, in any case. I’m wondering, could you characterize the environment as -- is it stronger, is it -- what would be the rationale behind moving into that particular area at this point in time?
Leland E. Tollett: Good morning, Christine. The situation hasn’t really changed so JVS has -- you know, they are entitled to modify their business model. I’ve read the bulk of their IPO and that’s about all I can comment on, really. If I go much further, it would be 100% speculation and I can’t get into their head, so -- 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Right. In terms of your case, ready business overall, have you seen any -- 
Leland E. Tollett: Yes, it’s flowing very nicely and we continue to add a little bit more volume and other customers, so -- 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: So if they did get into that area, then it would be quite a bit of new competition for you?
Leland E. Tollett: Well, obviously that’s a simple answer of yes and -- but maybe the customer base might continue to flow towards that with a more transition of production from traditionally cut at retail to cut centrally, although this has been a long journey over a number of years an we haven’t see a major growth rate in the category of case ready or cut centrally versus at retail. 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: All right, thanks. 
Operator: Tim Ramey, your line is open. 
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just a question on the comment on the private label exposure to luncheon meats. I wonder if you could shed any light on this overall sort of trade down thesis and whether you see that product to Walmart or not, whether you are part of the relaunch of their product line?
Donald Smith: Tim, I won't get into any specific customer business, although in general we are -- we do a good business in private label lunch meat, have for a while. That business has grown. I don’t want to get into any customer specific issues though, but anymore general direction on your question?
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, can you just -- I mean, this whole trade-down thesis, whether it has impacted your business in any meaningful way. 
Donald Smith: You know, lunch meat demand is up just a little bit, so obviously that’s helped us. In terms of the trade-down, I don’t know that private label share has changed a whole lot. I could get you more detail on that if you want to follow-up with maybe some Nielsen data or something like that but I don’t think share has changed dramatically, so I would tell you that we’ve got a good solid business, have had for a while. We’ve done a much better job about filling up our footprint and getting our footprint right. We’ve talked about our project, where we are consolidating locations and equipment into a smaller footprint, which is helping us run more efficiently. That project should be completed by the end of this quarter and that would be a positive impact on our business going forward. 
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great, thanks. 
Ruth Ann Wisener : Operator?
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. 
Leland E. Tollett: Well, thank you all for participating and we will talk to you the next time. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ruth Ann Wisener – IR Leland Tollett – Interim President & CEO Dennis Leatherby – CFO Donnie Smith – Sr. Grp. VP Poultry & Prepared Foods Jim Lochner – Sr. Grp. VP Fresh Meats  Rick Greubel – Grp. VP & International President Jeff Webster – Grp. VP Renewable Products  
Analysts:  Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets  Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Ken Goldman - JPMorgan  Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company  Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company  Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets  Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities  Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays Capital  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley   
Operator: Good morning. (Operator Instructions) Now I’ll turn the meeting over to your host for today, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President of Investor Relations; you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods’s conference call for the second quarter of our 2009 fiscal year. I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements.  Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today which could change. I encourage you to look at today’s press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business.  First we will hear opening remarks from our interim President and CEO Leland Tollett, followed by the financial report from CFO Dennis Leatherby. Reporting on our chicken and prepared foods segments will be Donnie Smith, our Senior Group Vice President of Poultry and Prepared Foods. Reporting on our beef and pork segments will be Jim Lochner, Senior Group Vice President of Tyson Fresh Meats. Also joining us on the today are Rick Greubel, Group Vice President and International President and Jeff Webster, Group Vice President of our Renewable Products Group.  I’ll now turn the call over to interim CEO Leland Tollett.
Leland Tollett : Thank you Ruth Ann and good morning everyone. First I want to say that it really feels good to be making money in our chicken segment again. We may not be exactly where we want to be, but we are on the right track and we have made significant progress. The second quarter was somewhat disappointing from an earnings standpoint but I can say that our negative grain positions are mostly behind us. We’ve reduced inventory to targeted comfortable levels and we are expecting a normalized tax rate for the rest of the year.  With shorter-term contracts with our customers we’ll be closer to the market, therefore our exposure to the volatile market swings will be less then in previous years. So we will just stick to our plan of being a short-term buyer of input items, corn and soy, and we’ll concentrate on being a very competitive producer and marketer of protein products.  In the second quarter we announced two important milestones in our core strategy of valuing up our byproducts and by the way, that is the reason that we’re participating in these businesses. We have large volumes of relatively low valued product that we want to move up the value chain.  So we have formed an alliance with FreshPet to market and distribute high quality refrigerated pet foods. We believe entering this $17 billion pet food market is a natural extension of Tyson’s experience in making innovative protein products which will lead to significant value creation for our company in the future.  Also our alliance with Kemin Industries is moving forward and a new manufacturing operation opened in March to produce flavor enhancers called palatants, for pet foods.  On the renewable energy front, the construction of our Dynamic Fuels plant outside Baton Rouge, that uses rendered grease and [talent] to make diesel fuel contains its own budget and own schedule for a December completion. The renewable products group will have additional opportunities to participate in projects that include pet products, renewable energy, [nutricudical] and biotech products and you will probably hear more about these in months to come.  On the international front, export markets are stronger then in previous months. Our projects in Brazil and China and India are progressing as planned. However we expect no material impact on the next couple of quarters for these three ventures.  Of course the H1N1 flu outbreak has been on top of our mind. Its important to remember that pork is still safe to eat but Jim Lochner will give you an update and a little more color on this subject and he and Rick Greubel will be available to answer in the Q&A segment, to answer any questions you might have.  I’ll now turn the call over Dennis for a financial update. Then Donnie will report on the chicken and prepared foods segment. Jim will do a segment report for beef and pork. 
Dennis Leatherby : Thank you Leland and good morning everyone. As stated in our press release for 2Q09 we lost $0.28 per share compared to a $0.02 per share loss in Q208. On a continuing operations basis quarterly results were a loss of $0.24 and include the following items; a one-time pretax charge of $15 million or $0.02 per share for closure of Ponca City, Oklahoma processed meats plant.  These results also include income tax expense of $62 million or $0.17 per share resulting from a change in the method we use to recognize interim income taxes. While recognizing a tax expense against a pretax loss may appear unusual, let me try to explain.  Due to the volatile economy and operating environment in our industry we have experienced rapidly changing operating conditions and earnings this fiscal year. This has resulted in a large range in the estimate of the annual effective tax rate. As a result we are required to switch from the annual method of estimating interim period taxes to the year to date method.  The most important takeaway is that the change in method of recognizing interim taxes does not impact the full year tax expense.  Additionally this quarter we sold Lakeside, our Canadian beef operation, and recorded a pretax loss of the sale of this discontinued operation. This $10 million loss included goodwill of $59 million as well as a currency translation adjustment gain of $37 million.  At closing we received another, received cash proceeds of $43 million and expect to receive another $50 million over the remainder of the fiscal year from the liquidation of Lakeside working capital. In addition we will receive another $64 million over the course of the next five years from various notes receivable and redeemable preferred stock, $40 million of this will be received over the next two years and the balance within five years.  The chicken segment reported an operating loss of $46 million and it is important to note that $63 million of the loss came from hedging activities, $16 million of this hedging loss is related to cost plus customers which we will recover through product pricing in future quarters.  Donnie will go into more detail about these activities and future plans in his review of the chicken segment. As for our other key financial measures, we had over $1.1 billion of cash at the end of Q209 including just over $300 million of restricted cash. Total debt was approximately $3,750 billion, more importantly though, net debt was $2,625 billion. This $2,625 billion is the lowest net debt balance we’ve had in the past seven years and is largely the result of working capital improvements led by our inventory reductions. Since our last quarter inventories are down $169 million and more then 150 million pounds, mostly from chicken. Not only did this inventory reduction free up a considerable amount of cash, it also positions us well for the future. Our total debt to cap at the end of Q2 was 44.7%. On a net debt basis, its 36.2%. Capital expenditures for Q209 were $76 million compared to $110 million for Q208. Accordingly we have reduced our outlook for fiscal 2009 capital expenditures to under $450 million.  At this time it should also be noted that we do not have any plans for any significant acquisitions beyond what has been previously announced. Q2 net interest expense increased $16 million compared to the same quarter last year and totaled $69 million. Interest expense increased due to the recent capital raise and related amortization of debt issuance fees.  We anticipate full year interest expense of approximately $290 million to $300 million. As you know during the quarter we successfully completed two important transactions for our capital structure. Our new three-year $1 billion ABL facility replaces the previous $1 billion revolving credit facility.  This new credit facility is secured by the company’s cash, accounts receivable, and inventory and also guaranteed by substantially all of the company’s domestic subsidiaries. Based on our current and future expected cash balances, we do not expect any usage under this facility except for letters of credit and as a result, we will not be subject to its fixed charge coverage [ratios]. In addition we closed an offering of $810 million of senior notes due in 2014. We used the proceeds from the notes offering to repay borrowings and to terminate commitments under our $600 million accounts receivable facility.  The notes offering and new credit facility accomplished three important goals for our capital structure. The first is ample liquidity, between unused capacity under the ABL facility and all cash our liquidity at the end of Q209 was more then $1.7 billion.  Second we achieved even more financial flexibility. As mentioned previously we are not subject to financial covenants and the considerable amount of excess cash gives us the option to pay off some existing debt early as well as provide funds for future financing needs.  And third, we were able to address more then $1.8 billion near-term debt maturities and our cash position allows us to get off to a great start addressing another $1 billion due in late 2011. While the overall economic environment continues to present many challenges, my confidence in Tyson Foods continues to grow due to not only the great leadership of the team with me on this call, but to the many other leaders and team members who are making a big difference for our company.  We are addressing these challenges well and getting stronger every day which positions us for great success in the future. With that I’d like to turn it over to Donnie Smith, to report on the chicken and prepared foods segments. 
Donnie Smith : Thanks Dennis, good morning everyone. The chicken segment posted an operating loss of $46 million in the second quarter, however there was significant improvement in our operations driven by improvements in operational efficiencies, product mix, and lower [live] cost.  Our back to basics approach is working and our chicken business continues to improve and actually began turning a profit in late February. On our last call we mentioned there would be some residual effect to Q2 from last year’s hedging activities. The $63 million negative impact for the quarter result included $16 million related to hedges for cost plus customers which we will recover through product pricing over the next 12 months.  Approximately $8 million is for fixed price contracts, the remainder or approximately $39 million resulted from the unexpected drop in grain and energy prices last fall. Finally as we mentioned last quarter with the exception of those hedges we have on the books for cost plus type arrangements, the overwhelming majority of the hedging losses are now behind us and because we now have more short-term contracts with customers, we don’t need to take as many large positions as we have in the past.  We think this is the right approach going forward and we’ll reduce these big swings in hedging losses and gain. Now moving on, sales were up 9% and volume was up almost 15% over Q208. The bulk of the volume increase came from our international acquisitions, the acquisition of a rendering operation to support our renewable products strategy, and a sizable reduction in inventory. Remember we no longer consider the freezer as a customer. Average sales prices were down versus Q208 due to lower export and rendered product prices and SG&A for the company improved $22 million over Q208 with the majority of it coming from poultry operations. This is simply because our people had been running leaner and running smarter. Turning to demand, consumer attitudes show a glimmer of hope in the retail channel although the types of products they’re buying continue to shift around a bit as they look for value. We understand the economic issues facing consumers and retailers and we have the resources to manufacture products they want at a good value.  In the food service channel monthly traffic trends point to January 2009 as a potential bob when traffic fell 6% before rebounding slightly in February to a smaller 4% decline. We’ll be keeping an eye on this for further insights on the likelihood for improvement.  Our research for the remainder of 2009 indicates consumers will continue favoring quick service restaurants over full service and casual dining, for price and perceived value. International liquidity improved which is related to better export demand for chicken. Global inventories are down significantly as well and when you consider the most recent domestic cold storage numbers and production data, its apparent that chicken supply is tight. So pricing should improve through the summer although how much will be dictated by the economy’s effect on demand.  Let me shift now to the prepared foods segment which had another good quarter, volume was up 5%, pricing was up almost 3% over Q208. Now adjusted for the $15 million charge for the process meats plant we’ll be closing in Oklahoma, our operating margin was 5%, right in the middle of our targeted range.  You know its always hard to close a plant because it effects so many people’s lives, but this change will help us significantly in the long run by improving operational efficiencies as we align our capacity with current and appropriate demand for lunch meats, bacon, and ham products, and then redistribute production to other facilities.  Our bacon business performed very well in the second quarter. Year to date our bacon volume across the enterprise is 18% above a year ago. The bacon business is good in food service and across all retail channels. Our business on Wright Brand bacon is improving and we’ve grown the distribution to 35% ACB in traditional retail. Our Mexican original tortilla business is also very strong in Q2 with record profits driven by record volume. We continue growing our private label lunchmeat business and we picked up share in our pizza topping business and crust businesses too, although the category has slipped a little.  Before I turn the call over to Jim, I know a lot of the team members in poultry prepared foods are listening today, and I want to thank you all for all you’ve done to lead this resurgence. Your hard work, and just as importantly your ideas have fueled our improvement. I know you’re pleased with our progress, but you’re not satisfied [inaudible], that’s the attitude we need to succeed.
Jim Lochner : Thanks Donnie, good morning everybody. The beef segment made $28 million or 1.2% this quarter with late January and early February strength partially offset by weaker results in the second half of the quarter. Our 76% capacity utilization for the quarter was lower then Q2’s 77% but we were able to manage the spread accordingly in a difficult environment.  Our improvements in execution continue to drive results. Revenues were lower in the quarter but live cattle values generally reflected the revenue decline which was primarily driven by three factors. One, a weak [drop] credit. Hide markets remained weak on continued lower leather demand and tallow prices reflected lower fat and oil commodity values. Two, demand for more expensive cuts of meat, some channels of food service demand remained soft through the quarter as the casual and upscale dining segments continued to experience reduced business.  Three, pressure from excess trim supply. While ground beef and trim demand continued to be strong throughout the quarter excess trim supplies from dairy cow processing and heavy steer and heifer weights pressured pricing.  Finally as Dennis explained we completed the sale of Lakeside this quarter. Looking forward into the beef segment we expect to see adequate supplies of fed cattle for the summer and fall. Dressed weights continued to average record highs above a year ago and above the five-year average reflecting the slow pace of marketing. In Q2 fed steer and heifer slaughter was down over 4% or around 20,000 head per week compared to last year. These market dynamics suggest fed supplies are being pushed into the summer and fall and we expect a seasonal upswing in the weekly steer and heifer supplies. However because demand does not appear to support last year’s volumes, we predict weekly slaughter rates will remain below year ago levels. Domestic demand for beef will largely depend upon the overall economy but with middle meat prices at multi year lows we expect to see significant retail featuring. International demand for variety meats has firmed and pricing has improved. Also other value beef cuts such as plate and thin meats have been moving well internationally.  We expect to see continued demand challenges on hides related to the overall worldwide economy. As we said last quarter it will likely take some time for hide and leather values to recover. As for the potential effects of the dairy herd buyout several pieces of information are needed before we can make any meaningful projections. First we don’t know the total dollar amount available nor the expected average bid per cow. This will give us an idea of the total number of cattle in the program. Also the timeframe of the buyout remains unclear. This will be critical in determining beef demands ability to absorb these increased supplies.  Moving on to our pork business, pork segment had a decent quarter coming in at 3.4% operating margin or $29 million versus last year’s record 8.4%. Despite adequate hog supplies, hog prices increased year over year while the cutout was flat and the drop credit lower.  These positive results illustrate our continued focus on managing a spread business. Year over year we processed fewer head therefore produced fewer pounds. Capacity utilization for the quarter came in at 87% versus 90% of Q208. Q1 to Q2 worldwide demand for pork and pork variety meats recovered very quickly. In 2008 US sow liquidation, while less then many anticipated coupled with a reduction in Canadian imports has resulted in fewer hogs available in 2009 compared to 2008’s record supplies but they still should exceed 2007 levels. We’ll continue to watch forward hog supplies, monitor demand especially in light of the developments around H1N1 and we will make appropriate adjustments. Export restrictions have and are evolving quickly as states have confirmed cases. Product values declined sharply throughout the week with the initial labeled of the H1N1 flu. Additionally the live hog prices and CME lean hog futures markets declined sharply. We are monitoring this situation closely and making adjustments where needed.  Hopefully demand for pork products will recover quickly as health officials disassociate the H1N1 flu with pork products.  In closing I simply can’t say enough about our fresh meat management team and their ongoing efforts to maximize revenue, control costs, and manage gross margins. They continue to focus on the important day-to-day details and are doing an excellent job of managing the business and I appreciate their focus every day.  With that I’ll turn it back over to Leland for closing comments. 
Leland Tollett : Thanks Jim, like most companies we’re facing some uncertainties in the economy and we’re watching this H1N1 issue unfold. But even with these challenges, I like our position. I feel really good about where we are right now.  Overall we’ve made great progress in the last few months. I’m proud of the work going on here and I want to thank all of our Tyson team members for their effort and for their contributions. I see an attitude around here I have not seen in a long time. So with that I’ll turn the call over for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets 
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets : I had a quick question on chicken, going back I think it was December or January, so you all have made comments regarding taking down your weight there as you work through inventory, and given that you returned a profitability in late February and I would presume a profitable now, are you intending to bring those weights back up or are you going to maintain lower weights for a while. 
Donnie Smith : Our weight really hasn’t changed meaningfully in Q2 versus Q1. We did draw down significantly our inventory. I don’t expect a meaningful change in our, the mix in other words, of our current weight distribution among plants. 
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets :  In your mix, but what the average weights in Q3 versus Q2. 
Donnie Smith : I would not expect a meaningful change in our average live weight from Q2 to Q3. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Going back to chicken, you had mentioned that international demand has been strong, could you highlight more on how the swine flu or the H1N1 virus is impacting international demand for chicken and what that’s doing for leg quarter pricing. 
Rick Greubel : Yes, you’re asking really about H1N1 and potentially the impact on chicken and I think its really too early to say if there’s been any impact at all on chicken demand internationally and leg quarter pricing specifically. What I will tell you that is impacting late quarter demand is increased liquidity into the major markets that we export our leg quarters too, and more importantly the reduction in inventory that occurred during the last quarter and both of those effects as well as maybe a third effect that some of the export markets, their economies are starting to recover a little bit, are having a positive impact on pricing. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And where are leg quarter pricing right now in the international markets. 
Rick Greubel : Well if you look at just kind of the industry reported numbers, we have seen about an average increase that has gone from somewhere in the low 20’s at the beginning of Q2 to something right now that is in the low 40’s.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman - JPMorgan  
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan :  You referred to beef, pork, and prepared foods generating financial returns at or near normalized ranges, I’m wondering if you could add a little color about what you mean by normalized, is that excluding your hedging, what are those ranges, what time periods are those built on and so forth. 
Jim Lochner : Let me start with basic pork as we reported Q2 beef at the 1.2 and pork at 3.4 and then going forward the indication normally Q3 and Q4 are the stronger beef months of the year and I expect the beef results to continue to follow their seasonal norm. Pork on the other hand, we did very well in Q2 considering the environment we walked into and right now because the H1N1 situation is really only a week old and it has had some profound influences on pork demand particularly in pricing, as well as lean hog cost and keep in mind we manage a spread business so if revenues drop and the price of livestock drops hopefully we’ll be able to be pretty much norm compared to prior Q3’s which is always the challenging month in the pork segment. And in that regard we’re going to hope and work very hard to drive the revenues up and hopefully get the pricing back up fairly quickly in that segment. But again we are a spread business and the lean hog costs or live hog costs follow the product downer, in this case actually preceded the product declines. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan : I just wanted to follow-up and get a little more color quantitatively on what you meant by normalized though, just sort of back to the last five years, back to the last couple of years, just so we can sort of go back to our models and say, alright these guys are about to go back and do x percent. 
Jim Lochner : Well typically we talk about beef being 1.5 to 3 and pork being in the 3 to 5% zone, and if you look back over time particularly over a 20 year period, they’re going to hit that high/low and in that zone with the exception of beef having some much lower years in that 2004, 2005 and part of 2006 time frame. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan : I guess my question is more on chicken, just because you look back over time, corn and soybean meal were a lot lower then they are now so I’m just wondering what your expectations are for normalized margins there. 
Donnie Smith : We’ve made quite a bit of progress in our chicken business and we certainly think we’ve got the ship turned into the wind and we are picking up a little wind in our sails there, and I’m not sure, corn was up $0.50 last week and we’ve got some demand issues kind of hovering over us, so I’m not sure we would hardly peak into our normalized range in Q3, we like to think a normalized in chicken at 5% to 7% to turn on sales provided we get, keep markets about where they are and our forecast stays the same.  We feel good about our opportunity to get into that range in Q4 but there’s still quite a few things going on around us and we’re going to say we’re cautiously optimistic, how about that. 
Leland Tollett : We’re not pessimistic by any stretch of the imagination from the standpoint of the progress that we’ve made from about the third week in February this a-way. We’ve been pretty pleased with where we are and we’re making good progress without some real surprises in the grain markets, or some aberration in the market itself, Donnie has it pegged about right.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company  
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company :  I believe in your comments you mentioned or highlighted that you believed maybe January was the bottom, potential bottom in the food service segment, can you comment on what you all are now looking for that business for the second half of the calendar year and then as related to consumer demand as we move into summer particularly on the retail side, can we get an update as to where that’s tracking versus expectations.
Donnie Smith : Its still a bit murky, we are hoping that the beginning of Q2 was, it was the bottom, but I’ll tell you as we look at the unemployment numbers and just whatever economic factors you want to look at, I think the market in general is just trying to find out of we’ve found a bottom. So before I would get too carried away about how to predict the upswing, I’m really wanting to see if we’ve put a bottom in this thing.  We’d like to think we have. Its probably going to take a few more weeks of data though before we feel comfortable about that. So our forecast, our sales growth for our business not dramatic, [technomic] data would indicate that the food service industry is still going to be down versus the prior year so we’ve got that in mind and we’re just hoping that in food service the decline has stopped.  Now on the retail side we have seen some demand shift from food service into retail. Honestly I think we’re looking for a pretty good Memorial Day and summer grilling season in retail. We’ve geared up for that. We’re prepared for that, if in deed that customer demand does come our way. So I would look for a pretty solid season this summer in our chicken side. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company  
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company :  I wanted to delve into the Canadian and Mexican situation specific to the country of origin labeling [inaudible] and as I understand it Tyson is currently taking those Canadian hogs and the Mexican cattle at a nice discount to the current market price, I’m wondering has that had any impact on your margins in your beef and your pork business and if so, or is it that you’re selling that meat at a discount so you’re not really maybe seeing the same magnitude of benefit relative to what you’re paying for those animals. 
Jim Lochner : Let me start with a little bit of an overview, country of origin labeling definitely has added more complexity to both businesses simply because we have a lot of moving parts yet relative to customer demand on categories A versus B and C and therefore are watching the meat values of those items and then obviously the relative livestock available compared to the shift in demand for Canadian and Mexican based livestock has created some market challenges basically a basis for those.  And we watch those every week and right now its too early for me to really say what the long-term trend would be but we definitely are watching them as an individual gross margin play and I won’t comment exactly on what the pricing differences on the meat and the livestock. Early on Mexican based feeder cattle came in the country with a considerable discount and that’s been evolving very rapidly as well. So its really boiling down to how many plants are accepting category B livestock and category C livestock against the offerings and that will drive the basis in exactly the same thing on the meat prices. Its how many customers are shifting away from or back to categories B and C and there’s been a plethora of differences of opinion on what the meat values will be and they evolve every week.  So I apologize for not giving you specific numbers but that’s the general theme that’s happening. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : Can you say whether or not it had any beneficial impact on the quarter.
Jim Lochner : I would say that it added to our costs and we’re trying to make sure because we do have more segregations and at this point my best number on that would be it was neutral. It was not necessarily beneficial because we had higher operating costs in beef and again that depends upon the plant and the volume of category B and C livestock that we’ve received, and as I said earlier it’s a very fluid event even at this stage depending upon what’s going on in the demand.  The demand for the meat in those categories is what’s going to drive the differential but we will have higher operating cost depending upon the plan. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : In terms of this discovery I guess of H1N1 and the Canadian herd, is your policy on Canadian hogs going to change. 
Jim Lochner : Well since I just found out about that Saturday night and its now Monday morning, we haven’t had a chance really to discuss it. I doubt it simply because I don’t think that we’ll have any restriction on flow. That herd was quarantined and its really not an uncommon situation for pork to come down with a respiratory flu so I don’t know that there’ll be any policy change. Who knows as the day and the week goes on. The only thing we can do is adjust for it, if the market conditions warrants that.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets  
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets :  How quickly can you get your chicken margins up to the normalized levels, do you think you’re going to be able to see some of those levels in the summer, how does that look going forward. 
Donnie Smith : We’re anticipating, well I’m going to rephrase what I said a little bit earlier, we’re not too sure that, but we feel comfortable we’ll get close to that range in Q3. We like our chances going into Q4 but remember corn was up $0.50 last week on late planning, we’ve got this economic cloud laying over top of us so there’s still some things around us that we’ve got to be mindful of but we have made significant improvements in our business and like our chances going forward.  We feel cautiously optimistic about our chicken business. 
Leland Tollett : We’ve had some product lines that have lagged quite a bit, we’ve got those much better then they’ve been. To say that we’ve got all of them, that we even have a majority of them up to the normalized range would be a little stretch, but as Donnie said we’ve got things headed in the right direction. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : From your commentary it seems like you’re making money in all your businesses now, is that the understanding I’m getting from the commentary and is that expected to go through to the end of the year. 
Leland Tollett : As of today we’re making money in all of our businesses. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : And then if you’re not spending on CapEx, you’re not spending on acquisitions, what are you going to use your cash flow for given that you have, excluding the restricted cash about $800 million, it seems like a lot of cash to just kind of hang out in the balance sheet. 
Dennis Leatherby : We’re going to de lever, our plan is to drive cash through this business and use cash to fund any CapEx we need, any future acquisitions we need, and to be opportunistic and buyback debt when we can too. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : So what did you expect in terms of the end of the year in terms of debt to capital or do you have any sort of targets for paying down debt. 
Dennis Leatherby : Aggressive pay down of debt is our plan but we’re not going to give guidance in that regard.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.  
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. :  Donnie’s comments on chicken were very helpful but I wonder if Mr. Lochner would give us some similar color on his view of the chances of getting to or sustaining normalized margins in beef and pork in the latter half of the year. 
Jim Lochner : Beef, we came through Q2 a little better then I thought with the tougher part being in March and then into early April but again the spread’s kind of corrected, we ran the cut out up fairly strong and even though it kind of topped and gave back a little bit, supplies are seasonally coming on and I do expect to see as I said in my comments, the fact that the industry probably isn’t going to run, the demand doesn’t seem to warrant over running the demand with excess supply which will work favorable from our regard simply because we could see we’ve pushed cattle forward. I think its interesting when you look at cattle, feed numbers that are perpetual inventory that compared to January 1, we’ve made up over 350,000 of that deficit and we’re in the 532 zone and that’s a combination predominantly of less marketings and so I think the balance of offerings relative to the demand seems to be in reasonable harmony and so I’m fairly optimistic on beef. I’m not concerned that in the next two quarters we’re going to run into a major supply deficit. Pork I would come back and would have one week ago had a considerably different view simply because I saw so much price pressure throughout the week on products as this hysteria over H1N1 was evolving and particularly on items, hams most notably, but even boneless loins and bone in loins and butts. Every category of the animal took some pricing pressure and we’ll have to just see how fast this will come up.  But again, the lean hog index and the western Corn Belt prices dropped. We are going into a seasonally tighter supply. Normally our Q3 is our most challenging quarter and our job is going to be to try to maximize the revenue, try to get as much back on the live hog cost and keep our spread. But I am, as it stands right now, my hope is that the H1N1 situation blows over. I think it might because of just all the commentary on the CBC this weekend and we’ll just have to see if Mexico’s consumption on hams comes back up. And that’s where the major price pressure was. We didn’t see a lot of run away from export particularly on loins but we have seen weaker demand domestically as well over this confusion. So that’s thrown a wild card into this Q3 and Q3 is always usually our challenging quarter. Again even with the supplies coming down, with the herds coming down particularly in the US and Canada, you always have to look at one component and that is productivity efficiency is still gaining which is offsetting some of that decline.  And worldwide supplies of pork are still down. So I’m expecting really a fairly quick rebound in pricing and again optimistic that we can get into that zone. Our pork division is run very well, our plants are running very well, our overall maximizing our mix and revenues within that mix has been very well throughout the last several quarters and certainly nothing in the performance area has shifted.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. : And just as we think through maybe beyond the fourth quarter, I know you alluded to kind of a hole in the cattle supply, does your optimism on supplies or capacity utilization extend beyond the fourth quarter.
Jim Lochner : Yes, I really, the herd, the beef cow herd dropped to 31.67 and then we’ll see the dairy cow herd come down from the 9.33 so that will take some supply out but we’re not going to be really looking at those supply shifts until probably about 18 months and I don’t see a real radical drop. And the other thing that’s encouraging is I have seen the rebound of Mexican imported feeder cattle that have come back the last three months and we’re watching just how the economics of the Canadian imports work as well which is very much driven by a function of the dollar and then overall as cool, if there are any major changes related to country of origin labeling.  But I don’t see a real radical drop off, I see maybe a slow steady erosion of supply and the industry’s has felt in reasonably balance to me.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse :  Two questions on chicken, I guess the first one is, is the 14% increase in volume in the quarter, when you strip out the acquisitions and maybe some inventory liquidation, I wanted to know was there any sign of Tyson taking market share given Pilgrim’s Pride’s bankruptcy, I wanted to know if that was continuing at all. And then secondly, I was pleasantly surprised on the leg quarter prices being as high as they were, you mentioned that liquidity issues were kind of fading maybe its less of a problem then it was before, can you give us a little more color internationally about the export markets and the ability of say Russia for example to be a better credit and buy I suppose. 
Donnie Smith : I’ll let Rick handle the last one, on the first one, we did pull quite a bit of inventory out during Q2. As far as us gaining share I would say there’s a chance but I wouldn’t attribute it necessarily to any particular other company. As we go out in the marketplace and we talk to our customers and some of our customers are growing and we’re growing with them and we’re winning some bids and that type of thing.  So yes, I think there’s categories where we’re gaining share. Now you’ve got to be careful about that particularly in food service because we may be holding or gaining a little bit of share in our declining categories as well too so maybe a little bit is your answer. But I wouldn’t attribute it to any other company. 
Rick Greubel : Let me just take you back and maybe the way you should think about this is as we moved through Q1 inventories built here in the US as a result of the lack of liquidity in the global markets, the uncertainty around the economic crisis as well as what was happening in the currency markets. As we started moving into Q2 and call it the middle of Q2, what we saw was liquidity started to improve and currency also stabilized and both of these drivers had the, then the opposite effect because as our inventories built domestically, what you were having was international inventories being drawn down in our major export markets, so the channel inventories were being reduced at the same time. So when liquidity started coming back in, currency started stabilizing, you saw an increase of demand and that allowed us to reduce our inventories throughout the second part of Q2 and into Q3 and that’s had a positive impact on the pricing. Is that helpful?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : Yes it is, just with respect to Russia, can you be more specific there, is our chicken a very good deal still compared to their ability to make it domestically.
Rick Greubel : Yes, I would say our, it really is still a good deal but I also want you to think about it in the terms that there is a couple of different market segments there. There’s fresh chicken produced in Russia that largely goes into retail offerings. Most of the imported chicken that comes from the US or other places in the world into Russia, moves into more food service items, sometimes sausages, etc. so there’s a couple of different market segments and there’s also separate distribution channels but we do track the pricing of the local produced chicken in Russia versus the imported product and we’re still what I would call a good value. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities  
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities :  I just wanted to get kind of a bigger picture view, we have a very cloudy demand outlook, we have the economic weakness globally, dairy herd reduction, and now we have the impact of H1N1, and I wanted to get your idea if we’re going to run into a protein [glut] or if you see consumers shifting their preferences among different proteins and how does that effect Tyson in particular. 
Leland Tollett : I would assume that there will be a certain amount of shifting going on but I think all of that is fairly temporary. I do not expect the protein glut, no. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities : Still this summer because of the liquidation and maybe lower pork values depending on how long this H1N1 impacts, you don’t see that adversely hurting [fresh] meat prices or certain beef cuts. 
Leland Tollett : Not particularly, no.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays Capital  
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays Capital :  If I were to kind of put together all the comments on normalized earnings on the various segments, and I were to assume that if on a kind of consolidated basis that normalizers maybe kind of a 3.5% to 4% type of range, what I’m hearing you saying and tell me if this is wrong, but what I’m hearing is that its not out of the question for the back half. 
Dennis Leatherby : That is possible but it’s the lower end of that probably. 
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays Capital :  And then just to follow-up on H1N1, I realize that kind of impacts on consumption behavior maybe temporary and what not, but I just want to, what I’m a bit more concerned about is the trade impact with some of the key export partners and that’s not just, doesn’t seem to just be influencing movement of pork product but also the location of some of the states bans, and the critical role that ports in those states plays in moving product out of the country. I’m just wondering if you’re seeing across any of the proteins, a bit of inventory building in just the last few days in response to some of those major ports being shut off or product movement into some of the key export countries. 
Jim Lochner :  I’ll start with yes, over that course of last week and you saw it reflected in prices which would imply that disappearance both domestically and internationally was putting pressure and then we’ll just have to wait and see pretty much country by country what happens some with and some without any export restrictions.  I’ll let Rick commented on kind of country by country what’s going on. 
Rick Greubel : It really does depend a little bit on a market-by-market analysis here. Just to give you some color around that, our major export markets in order of priority are Japan, this is for pork, Japan, Mexico, Canada, then I would call it kind of Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea and then way down the list Russia. So we continue to see pretty good demand from all of those markets with Mexico being the big question mark because without a doubt pork consumption in Mexico is the result of H1N1 has impacted pork demand and sales there and its really going to be a function of how fast that market turns around as the media continues to get probably more accurate information into the public.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays Capital : And if the export bans, if the duration of those bans are not necessarily short lived, what’s the resolution for the industry, is it kind of a rewiring of how product gets allocated into whom and then how that moves across from one border to another outside of the US or are there contingencies in place that allow for pretty effective clearance of that product out of the US.
Rick Greubel : I don’t think that the bans as they have occurred to date, and let’s be real clear on this point, are going to have a big impact on our ability to clear volume. Russia is the only country that’s been of any of our significant export markets and I’ll just tell you that year to date, Russia’s pork exports would be less then 2% of our total so it’s a small volume.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays Capital : I was wondering for chicken in particular. 
Rick Greubel : In chicken what Russia did was, they implemented some bans on some states where the H1N1 virus has been reported in humans so Texas and New York, etc., and there’s a list of states. None of our major export producing locations have been effected by that and we don’t see any impact on our ability to export chicken. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley  
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley :  I guess on just these normalized chicken margins, I guess if you’re moving more towards cash raising costs, which we can try to calculate and then also looking at what the cash prices for the different chicken parts and I recognize that you’ve got a value added mix and so forth, but we are not calculating anything close to normalized margins at current cash prices and raising costs and cash prices or selling prices, have kind of hit a ceiling for a while now, so I’m just, what am I missing here in terms of your ability to get to normalized chicken margins in the next couple of quarters. 
Leland Tollett : I don’t know what you’re missing. I really don’t know what to tell you. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley :  So is it that you’re just achieving excellent short-term contract prices with your customers. Is my math wrong.
Leland Tollett : I don’t know what kind of math, I don’t know exactly what kind of pricing you’re using in there, I can tell you that we’ve very competitive from a production standpoint both field and through the plant. We have paid particular attention to the product mix and maximizing the value of every single chicken we got and every part of that chicken.  Now are we getting more then the next guy, I can’t tell you. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : And so do you, you’re not sure whether your margin, if you’re going to get normalized margins, whether the whole industry would be any where near that level because I guess the next question would be if everyone is going to get back to normalized margins so quickly, what’s going to happen from a production perspective, in other words are these kind of 5% to 6% egg set reductions that we’ve been seeing, would you expect those to continue.
Leland Tollett : I don’t know that I would have a real hard opinion on that other then to tell you that the breeder flock, the potential breeder flock as its coming on, that is pull its place for egg production has been down for what now, seven months. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : Right and the majority of that seven months everybody was losing a lot of money, so I guess my point is is that now that profitability is coming back I’m just trying to understand what would your expectations be for your own level of production, have you started to add anything back yet. 
Leland Tollett : We will add back when our market demands it and not before. We will not put chicken’s down on the [inaudible].
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : So normalized margins you would not necessarily add anything back unless you felt you could continue those margins unequivocally. 
Leland Tollett :  That would probably be a fair statement.  
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you very much for your interest in the company and for your attendance on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Leland Tollett - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Leatherby - Chief Financial Officer  Donnie Smith - Senior Group Vice President of Poultry and Prepared Foods  Jim Lochner - Senior Group Vice President of Fresh Meats and Margin Optimization.  Rick Greubel - Group Vice President and International President  Jeff Webster - Group Vice President of Renewable Products Group Ruth Ann Wisener - Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank Securities Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Tim Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co. Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.   
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions)  Now I’d like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener; ma’am, you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods’s conference call for the first quarter of our 2009 fiscal year. I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today which could change. I encourage you to look at today’s press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business.  Before we begin, I’d like to inform you that we will be using a new format for today’s call. First, we will hear opening remarks from our interim President and CEO Leland Tollett, followed by the financial report from CFO Dennis Leatherby. Reporting on our chicken and prepared foods segments will be Donnie Smith, Senior Group Vice President of Poultry and Prepared Foods. Reporting on our beef and pork segments will be Jim Lochner, Senior Group Vice President of Tyson Fresh Meats and Margin Optimization.  Also joining us today are Rick Greubel, Group Vice President and International President and Jeff Webster, Group Vice President of our Renewable Products Group. Although Rick and Jeff aren’t participating in the prepared remarks, they will be available to answer your questions in the Q-and-A portion of the call.  To keep the call to one hour and to insure everyone has an opportunity to ask a question, I ask you to limit yourself to one question and one clarifying follow-up. If you have another question, please get back in the queue. If we have any time remaining we’ll take additional questions in the order you queued up until we run out of time.  I’ll now turn the call over to interim CEO Leland Tollett.
Leland Tollett: Good morning. It’s good to be back. It’s been a few years since I’ve done one of these calls and I suppose we’ll know here pretty quick whether or not it’s kind of like riding a bicycle; I don’t think we’ll forget very much about it. We plan to give you some color around our first quarter results and what we are doing to manage our company as we look forward.  Most of our business is in good shape. The beef segment performed solidly until market conditions in December left it at break even for the quarter; but still, beef improved $68 million over the first quarter of ‘08. The pork segment continues to do very well as does Prepared Foods. I also like what I see with the international, our renewable products initiatives, but I am sure that the chicken segment is what your concern is today. As you know we’ve been challenged by losses associated with the grain positions as well as demand.  In early December when our demand began a noticeable decline, we took target production cuts at our locations most affected by current market conditions. While this does help us in our continuing efforts to balance supply with customer demand, the biggest opportunity for our company to succeed is in better execution of our domestic chicken business. We got away from the fundamentals and it hurt our competitive position.  Over the past several months, we worked hard and we’ve made improvements in the parameters that are important to us like labor, yield, general plant efficiencies and most importantly in our mix. We’ve also stepped up our efforts to improve the customer service, to help drive their business as well as our business.  Although our execution is better, we have a renewed sense of urgency to return our chicken business to profitability and to regain our position as best in class. We are concentrating on selling the whole bird rather than growing a chicken for its wings and its breast meat and expecting the export market to take the rest.  Now Donnie will give you more details on chicken as well as Prepared Foods. Jim will talk about the beef and pork business, but first let get a financial update from Dennis Leatherby.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you Leland and good morning everyone. As stated in our press release in Q1 ’09, we lost $0.30 per share compared to a $0.10 profit in Q1 ‘08. Our quarterly results include $20 million for the lower-up cost or market adjustment in chicken, which is essentially pulling forward losses we would have otherwise realized in Q2 as we sell the product. Also, we had $19 million of foreign exchange related losses.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 56%. In general, the quarterly rate is calculated based upon the estimated effective tax rate, anticipated for the full year. The unusually high estimated fiscal ‘09 expected and Q1 actual rates are driven by several factors including, anticipated increases in valuation allowances relating to state and fore end net operating loss carry forward, as well as certain non-deductible expenses and losses.  The foreign exchange losses resulted from the rapid strengthening of the dollar this past quarter and its impact on dollar based payables and rentals. These items were partially offset by risk management activities. In that regard, our balance sheet exposures are monitored and when deemed necessary, associated risks are either eliminated by paying off the exposure or mitigated by appropriate hedging mechanisms.  A substantial portion of the loss in chicken came from hedging activities, and the results reflect negative $188 million impact for the quarter. About $50 million of the $188 million, relates to hedges for cost plus customers, which we will recover via product pricing in coming quarters. Another approximately $70 million is for fixed price contracts for which we expect future physical offsets. The remaining balance of approximately $68 million resulted from the unexpected drop in grain prices.  As for our other key financial measures, cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $166 million and total debt was approximately $3 billion, a slight increase from last quarter due to Dynamic Fuels receipt of $100 million in funding from the gulf opportunity zone bond issue. Total debt-to-cap at the end of Q1 was 38.6%. Capital expenditures for Q1 ’09, were $84 million compared to $100 million for Q1 ‘08.  We have reduced our outlook for fiscal ‘09 capital expenditures to under $500 million. Also please note we have another $85 million of restricted cash for the construction of the Dynamic Fuels plant, which is not included in our $166 million cash balance cited earlier.  Interest expense increased $10 million compared to the same quarter last year and totaled $63 million. Major components of this increase include a little more average debt, mark-to-market on an interest rate swap and financing fees associated with the credit amendments.  With we have a strong capital base and at the end of this quarter, our liquidity was $1.1 billion. I’d like to thank our bank group of more than 30 institutions for their continued, on going support of our company and their unanimous vote for our covenant amendment in December.  For Q1 we were in compliance with both of our debt covenant ratios. As you know, we are required to maintain our EBITDA to interest expense ratio at a minimum of 2.85 times and we ended up around three times. Our debt-to-EBITDA covenant allows a maximum of 4.5 times and we ended the quarter at about 4.2 times. We expect these ratios to improve in Q2 and beyond.  Despite the challenges we faced in chicken, I am very confident about the direction Tyson Foods is headed and where we will be in the future. Our beef and pork businesses are best in class, and our chicken business has improved considerably over the past six months especially and is well on it way toward again being best in class in the future.  Our Prepared Foods is solid and improving and I’m really looking forward to great results in future years from our renewable products and international investments. We are playing to our strengths, overcoming our weaknesses and doing what is needed to become a better, stronger company.  With that I’d like to pass it over to Donnie Smith, to report on the chicken and Prepared Foods segments.
Donnie Smith: Thank Dennis, morning everyone. Well, there’s no doubt the first quarter was extremely difficult for our chicken segment. We had a $286 million loss for the quarter with an operating margin of negative 12.8%.  As Dennis mentioned a little over $200 million of the loss is attributed to hedging losses and a lower of cost-to-market adjustment. If you adjust for those factors, our performance improved almost $80 million compared to the fourth quarter on an operating basis on increased volume of 4.7% versus the same quarter a year ago. Note that over half of the volume increase of chicken is attributable to international operations not domestic production.  We still have some forward grain contracts to work through that is going to impact our second quarter results, but we anticipate we’ll get past almost all the negative forward grain purchases by the beginning of the third quarter with the exception of those of our cost plus customers.  In recent weeks, we’ve seen industry indicators headed in the right direction. The USDA has reported that since mid November exits, slaughter pounds have been down on average, about 6% to 7% versus the prior year and [Albertson’s] boneless/skinless breast prices are up about 20% in the last couple of weeks. While this is good news, we can’t rely on industry fundamentals to get us where we need to be. We must stay focused on execution.  Our goal is to be best in class in poultry production and we’ve made tremendous progress on improving our live calls, our product mix, yields, plant efficiencies, flexibility, as well as our labor management. It’s a very much of back-to-basics approach to our operations. As you know we’ve been back on agro stats now for about a year and we’ve seen good, steady progress in operations profit moving from below average last spring to above average for the most recent period reported.  As for international chicken, demand is recovering as are prices. Liquidity is still a concern, and we see this in the inability of our customers to get letters of credit. Tight credit and the strengthening dollar have pretty much ruled out any short term chance of getting back to the pricing levels we had in Q4 of ‘08. However the inventories that built up during the last quarter, went through a slow for three or four weeks, are now being reduced back to targeted levels.  Within our newly acquired businesses in China and Brazil, existing operations were able to offset the start up costs of the green field plants which is what we had planned. Rick Greubel and his team are doing a great job of executing our strategy to build a multinational enterprise and we are all excited about the potential there.  There’s a lot of potential in renewable products too. In addition to the core rendering business, Jeff Webster and his group are making good progress across all of the renewable products platforms.  You’ve probably heard us talk about the energy platform on several occasions, but they’re working on multiple projects to convert nonprime product into our high margin initiatives. They are doing a lot of work around non-woven material made from feathers, they are doing work around pet foods, nutritional supplements, bio-plastics and the list goes on. Jeff’s group has a lot of interesting plans underway that are making a contribution to the bottom line that’s growing steadily.  Turning to the Prepared Foods segment, sales volume was up 3.7%, with an operating margin of 4.7% which is within the normalized range. We are very happy with the demand for our pizza toppings, bacon, ham, jelly products and private label lunch meats. Our Mexican original business had a record quarter as demand continues to grow for wraps, tacos and flat breads. All these items are well positioned for value menus.  In this economy, we continue to see customers turning to retail more often for their food choices and Retail Deli is an excellent opportunity to capitalize on new customer behaviors by offering alternatives to casual dining with our value-added and prepared foods item, with higher margins than food made from scratch. I know you’ve all heard us say it before, but having a diversified distribution channels for Prepared Foods and chicken, really serves us well as dollars shift among the various categories of food at home and food away from home.  The food service industry suffered in 2008 and will continue to suffer in 2009. Technomic is predicting flat traffic growth and negative real sales for food away from home. The period we are now in is the most challenging food service environment since Technomic began tracking data in the mid 1970s.  Full service dining has struggled the most although there are a few bright spots of major casual dinning chain customer, showing the same store sales increases. Limited service restaurants have weathered the economy well by driving traffic with new products and value type products that in many cases we’d help them develop.  We’ve had a lot of good news coming out of the retail channel in our chicken segment. We are doing very well in our efforts to regain our position and retail fresh chicken. Tyson branded chicken is exceeding category growth in both dollars and pounds. The value added category however is under a bit of pressure as some consumers look for less expensive options to stretch their budgets.  We saw the frozen convenience foods category grow staler in Q1 versus the 6% to 7% growth rate in the previous 52 week period. Fortunately, last fall we reduced the package weight across many of our products in this line, with the goal to keep our products well within reach of these consumers and prevent them from trading down or trading out of the category.  Before I turn it over to Jim, let me take a second and thank our team members for the great progress they’ve made as we strive to return our chicken business to profitability. All of our folks in poultry and prepared foods are focused, working on all the right things and I just can’t thank them enough for all they’re doing.  I’ll now turn the call over to Jim Lochner who’ll give you some details about our beef and pork segments.
Jim Lochner: Thanks, Donnie. Good morning. The beef segment broke even this quarter, as good October and November results were offset by a poor December. Still this was a big improvement over Q1 ‘08 when beef lost $68 million. A sharp decline in hide and international variety meat demand, coupled with falling fat and calo values, pushed the drop credit to its lowest level in at least 20 years. Calo values were slow to adjust and only recently declined to reflect the lower drop of credit values.  We’re also seeing soft demand for the more expensive cuts of meat as the casual and upscale dining segments are still experiencing reduced business. Chuck, round and ground beef demand remains adequate and continues to carry an abnormally high percentage of the cut out value.  Concerning cattle supplies, in our Q1, industry steer and heifer slaughter was 6.9% lower for December, over 9% lower as compared to a year ago. As a result, our capacity utilization was 75% for the quarter versus 78.6% for Q1 of ’08; however, our daily efficiencies and throughput improved dramatically.  If you look at cattle and feed numbers you’ll see heavier placement weights and lower placements over the last six months. This is partly because cattle have been spending more time in back grounding operations and less time in feed lots due to the economics around the cost of grain. Additionally, there were fewer imports in Mexican and Canadian feeder cow. However by our count, the actual reduced slaughter rate in October through December, coupled with reduced slaughter rates in July through September, substantially offset the reduced placement numbers. Regarding lake side, we’re still awaiting the final ruling from the competition bureau. There’s been no change in the situation since our last call.  Looking forward in the beef segment, it will take some time for hide and leather values to recover. There’s a large inventory of hides to work through, but we do not expect to see additional pressure on hide values and US hides are a preferred category world wide. Also, we’re optimistic about international variety meat demands recovery. Domestic demand for beef will largely depend upon the overall economy, but we expect to see a continued trend toward more ground beef, chuck and round meat demand versus steak cuts.  When the revenue declines it’s our job to generate a spec. We’ve been able to recover our margin over the last couple of weeks and believe the ingestment in live prices should hold as we move into the spring.  The pork segment had another good quarter coming in at 6% operating margin despite similar challenges as beef. Our year-over-year Q1 pricing cut out improved, but we processed fewer head and therefore less pounds. We feel very good about our execution and the relationship between our total cost and revenue and will continue to focus on maximizing values for our products and minimizing operating costs.  Our plants ran well, are well staffed and are cost effective. Pork variety meat demand has seen similar decline to that of beef, but we expect world wide demand for pork and pork variety meats to recover fairly quickly. We did see some influence from the Mexican destination challenge, but hog prices adjusted rapidly to the news.  The box versus combo shipment issues you probably heard about appear to be resolved, but we have a contingency plan in place, should we have to switch from combos to box shipments. The US liquidation was less than we expected; however that coupled with the reduction in Canadian born animals entering the US market, will result in fewer hogs available than in ’08, which is still adequate for us to manage margins towards the high end of the normalized range.  Capacity utilization for the quarter came in at 90% versus 94% for Q1 ‘08 and will continue to watch forward hog supplies and make adjustments accordingly. I have been very pleased with the fresh meat management team and their efforts to maximize revenue, control costs and manage growth margins. I will turn it back to Leland to close.
Leland Tollett: Thank you, Jim. Before we take your questions I want to relate to all of you listening, our analyst, our investors and our team members, that I have complete confidence in this management team. That’s why I asked Jim and Donnie to do the segment reports and that’s why I’ve asked Rick and Jeff to be here to answer your questions about international and renewable products.  I’m very confident we’ve got the right people running these businesses. They’re going to continue to execute our core strategies, because they are right for this company long term. I know you’re probably wondering or may be wondering how long I’m going to be here and what our succession plans are.  As I’ve said, I have great confidence in this team, which is why I think we can find the right person, within the existing talent pool here at Tyson’s. As for timing, I’ll be here as long as it’s necessary to get this chicken business turned around and to allow the board adequate time to select a new CEO. I don’t know how long that will take, but my goal is that it will be sooner rather than later. I enjoy being here again, but frankly I wasn’t all that tired of being retired. So this process is going to move as quickly as possible. It will be a very diligent process and we are going to do what’s best for this company.  I’m optimistic about the company’s performance going forward. With the decline in inputs and the momentum that we are developing, we anticipate returning to profitability within the next two quarters. I can tell you I like the energy I’m seeing from the people around here; there’s a spring in the step that I hadn’t seen in a good long while. They’re attacking the issues head on with a lot of confidence and they are making great process.  With that said I’ll turn the call back to the operator and we will answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Jim, I have a question on the beef side. You ran through a lot of information, but I just want to make sure that I understand; with packer margins now turning positive, given the low drop credit, the fact that the choice elect spread is narrow, the cattle supply is tightening; how do you keep it positive? How is the outlook there strong?
Jim Lochner: I think, one key thing that’s different than what cala and feed reported; they reported a marketing number that was actually positive for December and if you heard my remarks when we look at the actual heifer slaughter data, December was 9% year-over-year less, and the quarter was 6.9%.  So we’ve had more available cattle that have come into January and February as the marketing and actual numbers are less than would be implied. So the key is right now that we’re running our business not oversupplying the demand and keeping ourselves in as good a balance as we can and we’ve seen these live cattle prices adjust accordingly.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank Securities: My follow-up is, in terms of reducing slaughter rates, is there any way to quantify the impact on your fixed cost absorption from running less per week?
Jim Lochner: The answer is yes and we have to always watch our volume versus our footprint capacity and when you do run less your fixed costs do come up. It varies by plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I’ll stick with the chicken side. It seems like from the press release you guys cut 5% production in December. The two questions that I would have would be; one is how do you see the demand outlook? And if so, if it’s going to be a little lower, does that mean that you’re going to still have year-on-year lower production going into ‘09?
Donnie Smith: Ken, this is Donnie; I’ll take that. We did see demand drop in December. Our visual trigger against that was inventories increasing, so we cut production. As we look forward, we’ve kind of stabilized from that run rate, but we’re actively, as you know always out growing our business. So, what we’ll do is, we’ll just watch what our sales pace is and when that sales pace shows up, that our inventories are stabilized and we’re back in good shape, then we’ll make the next decision. We watch that math every week. On your production question; based on what we’re planning now, our growth rate ‘09 over ’08, would be flat to maybe up 1%.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, but you said you stabilized at the lower level?
Donnie Smith: Say that again?
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: You said you stabilized at the lower level, so you cut the 5%. So you haven’t pushed it back up. You left it at that level, whatever that lower 5% was; is that fair?
Donnie Smith: Yes. Sorry for the pause there, but thanks for clarifying your question. Yes, we have left production at that level.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And the 0% to 1% is domestic or combined company?
Donnie Smith: Most of it. That is the domestic number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: I just wanted to dig a little deeper on the changes you’re making in the chicken business, specifically on yield and mix. Can you quantify at all how much of a margin benefit you could get from those programs over the longer term?
Dennis Leatherby: Christine, I don’t want to put a number on it, because I don’t think it’s something we can just plug into a model and get to, but I will tell you this. We’ve worked hard and steady on improving our mix, improving our yields. We are seeing our numbers in rating agencies like Agro Stats improve month-over-month. So we’re very much getting back to the fundamentals of our business. I like the progress that we see and I think you will continue to see good, steady progress in how we manage our business. I think the big deal for us is managing it. As Leland mentioned in his comments, we are focusing on selling the whole bird. We are focused on every bird we grow, every pound we process and every product we sell, in improving our go-to-market strategy. So, can’t put an exact number on it, but we’re seeing steady improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just in term of our mix then, because you’ve announced some plant conversions here lately, can you talk about why you’d move toward a larger bird? Is that part of that mix improvement? It seems to us that that’s a pretty saturated segment already and it’s not clear to me why you would move. I guess to a trade pack or in some cases maybe even a larger bird in the long run. Is it permanent impairment maybe of that fast food industry or can you just comment on that.
Dennis Leatherby: Frankly I like our mix of large birds. As we’ve talked about, we’ve converted a couple of complexes in this last year. I don’t think we’re; I guess to use your term over saturating that part of the market. We think we’ve got our big birds, the ones we are producing is a pretty good percent of our mix.  We are focused on doing a better job of taking trucks off the road and moving within plants and shipping more directly out of the plant and it may be in a whole bird form rather than putting, fronting the bird and putting boneless on the market, that type of thing. So those are the type things we are talking about as we talk about improving our mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: I wanted to just ask your opinion on what do you think will reverse or strengthen demand for chicken. It’s been weak for some time, dropped off further in December according to you all. What is needed to get that demand back?
Leland Tollett: Improvement in the general economy would help a little bit. We’re still one of the most advantageously priced products on the market. So it will basically be an economy change I think, as we look forward.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Okay. Then Leland you talked about urgency to get -- you’re sense of urgency will turn the chicken business to profitability. How long will you let the current plan run before you’ll make adjustments again?
Leland Tollett: We will adjust as we deem necessary, but I like the place we are at right now. I like the enthusiasm. I like the momentum we have got going and we believe we have our business aligned for the long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital.
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Just a quick follow up. If indeed the economy does improve and with that you could expect to see chicken food service demand pick up. I kind of feel like the downturn in the first place was maybe driven in a lot of ways by more of the cost side of the cycle rather than the pricing side of the cycle. So the feed costs kind of influence from fuel on to feed complex.  In the kind of pro-cyclical environment where demand is improving domestically or globally and we see the fuel complex bringing the grain complex up with it, chicken profitability, I’d expect maybe could come under pressure with rising feed costs. I’m just wondering if that’s kind of been at -- if whether we’re in a new paradigm that’s been sort of discussed internally and whether in some respects need to be more of a push to act counter-cyclically instead of pro-cyclically.
Donnie Smith: Let me comment on that real quick Chris. This is Donnie again. One of the things that we’ve done is we’ve turned this business around and really started focusing on getting us back to profitability.  We’ve reduced a lot of our dependants on long term fixed price agreements. We’ve shortened up the pricing cycle quite a bit across most all of our business segments and so we feel like we’re in a better chance now to react to the input side than certainly we would have been a year ago or more. I think that is key, but I’ll tell you, there’s a lot of opportunity in this business as we focus on our fundamentals to drive profitability and overall there’s plenty of money to be made here. We feel good about our business.
Chris Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: And then on the move to big bird deboning, I’m just trying to marry that with comments earlier about our focus on also whole bird. I guess I always perceived big bird deboning, by definition more of a cut up type of product and whole bird and especially in the international market, it’s more of a small bird type of venture. So I’m just trying to marry the two comments and maybe it’s just a misperception on my part.
Donnie Smith: Probably a syntax there. When we talk about whole bird, we think of it in terms of the entire bird. What we don’t want to do is, we don’t want to process the chicken and just worry about selling the tenders off of it or just worry about selling the wings off of it. We’ve began a little phrase around here, when that bird dies it dies all over and when we go to market we have to have a strategy to market the entire bird and I think we’ve been a little bit out of balance on that in our past, but we are getting laser focused on making sure that we’ve got the entire bird and its profitability in mind as we go to market. Does ma make sense?
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Obviously, there was probably a pretty interesting competitive dynamic that checked-in in the quarter with one of the larger competitor’s filings. Could you discuss what you believe the negative impact of that was if any or any positive impact from it as well and how you see the competitive dynamics shaping up going forward in chicken?
Donnie Smith: Vincent I’ll tell you, we stay focused on our business. We are watching our demand and our supply. When we saw that getting a little bit out of balance late in Q4, we made an adjustment. I can’t comment on that type of thing.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay and maybe just as a follow-up to that, if things are in deed going to ultimately improve in chicken whether it’s because of the economy or the dollar or what would happen, what do you think a normalized level of profitability could be in this chicken cycle on the upturn?
Donnie Smith: We like to think of normalized earnings in our chicken segment somewhere in the 5% to 7% EBIT range.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So no change to that view?
Donnie Smith: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman - JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: So, I guess my question is based on the macro economic conditions and a lot of people have been wrong over the past year, trying to forecast when a recovery happens. So let’s assume for a second that a recovery doesn’t really happen until 2010. So you have less demand for high cuts of beef, less demand for perhaps for pork and less demand for chicken breasts and all of that to me sort of points to maybe not a real strong recovery for your margins until middle of 2010, early March or so.  I know it’s impossible to predict that far out, but I’m wondering if you guys can help us understand a little bit about where the consensus number is compared to how you guys are looking at the year. You talked Leland about, maybe a return to profitability in the next two quarters. Does that mean in the March quarter you won’t be profitable? How are we on the street right or wrong in terms of our $0.28 consensus number?
Leland Tollett: Well, I don’t know that we want to get specific, but I can tell you that we are competitive. We are getting more competitive with all of the other companies. As Jim said we are very competitive in beef and pork. The numbers that we get from Agro Stat, from the Banc of America would indicate that we are much better competitive than we’ve been in the past and we are headed toward the top quartile if we’re not already there in some areas and we will just take our chances with competing with the best of them.
Jim Lochner: Let me add a little commentary on beef and pork. Our job is to try to get the relationship between the cost of goods which is life stock and the revenue against our total costs and so that revenue is revenue declines with weaker demand and the cost of cattle and the cost of hogs will follow it down. Our job is to maximize our revenue, maximize our mix and make sure that our costs are in line and so that spread tends to come back together fairly quick if the industry works very closely on watching its revenues. So that’s kind of the kind component in those two segments.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: That’s a fair point and I understand its spread business, but you do have fewer cattle, you do have fewer hogs, which should raise those prices up and you have less demand. That’s not a combination in general that you’d prefer. Is that fair?
Jim Lochner: The combination really again works in reverse too as revenues go up, cost of livestock goes up and it’s really the same answer of maximizing your revenue, keeping your costs in line and optimizing your total spread where you can. So, I always believe that the revenue overtime sets the livestock costs. So we just have to watch the supplies and make the adjustments accordingly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: I’ll go international. You made several investments overseas in some emerging markets and then you also have the Syntroleum JV. Can you guys give us some kind of estimate as to how long it will take for you to earn kind of a normal return on those investments and what could it add to your normalized EPS level? Thanks.
Rick Greubel: As we made the investments last quarter, the beginning of the first quarter here, particularly in Brazil and China we talked that these businesses would be a combination of existing operations as well as some start ups or green fields and so our plans through ‘09 is to utilize those existing business, prior operating businesses to by and large offset the cost of the green fields in China and the start up operations in Brazil.  So we are really looking at ‘10 to be the first year that we are going to see any contributions from those businesses from the standpoint of an earnings per share and then it’s going to be 2011 before we’re at kind of the full capacities in Brazil and in China that we discussed when we bought those businesses which was just to remind you, about 4 million birds a week in Brazil and about the same number, maybe just a little more than that in China.  So our target, just to remind you again is that these investments will at least make kind of a 20% ROIC measurement and that’s the hurdle that we use when we look at expanding or increasing the operations there, okay.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Well if that’s a 20% ROIC, can you give me a total on what the invested capital is and then maybe on a birds-per-week basis. Are the margins pretty similar to the US? Maybe we can put some more numbers around it.
Rick Greubel: Sure, just to give you a flavor for some kind of industry standards there and I’ll take the invested capital piece second in the industry margins first. Brazil has traditionally been, at least over the last five to seven years, more profitable than the US industry and we would expect that to continue. China is normalized margins are pretty similar to what we see in the US. The big benefit in China is the increasing demand.  As far as invested capital, it’s about $200 million in both of those geographies and in Brazil, more than half of that has already been put into place and in China we are still waiting on government approval for the Chin Chang joint venture which we expect to have in the second half of the year. If you want, maybe I’ll let Jeff comment a little bit here on the renewable piece.
Jeff Webster: This is Jeff. Let me give you a couple of pieces on Dynamic Fuels our joint venture with Syntroleum. As we’ve said, the plant is on budget, on schedule for being mechanically complete by the end of the year. So think of that as end of December. So when we hit January next year we’ll go into start up and we should be at what I call normalized earnings by basically June of 2010.  What we said publicly is for Dynamic Fuels, the total joint venture. That should deliver between $35 million and $60 million in EBIT. Also to give you a feel for just kind of the wild ride of crude oil going from 70 to 140 and back down again, as a simple rule of thumb for you, this is basically a spread type of business.  If you look at the price at the pump of diesel, which lets say it’s 2.40 a gallon and you look at the price of our feed stock which is about $0.20 a pound or $1.60 a gallon, that spread of $0.80 times 75 million gallons would put you at high end of that range. So we’re very comfortable with where we are; on building the plant, on our schedule, on our budget and very comfortable with where the margins would be as well.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: If you add these two pieces together you’ll probably get a minimum of about $0.20 a share of incremental earnings?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, Rob that would be speculating at this time and what we are going to try to do is manage the business as prudently, balancing the opportunity have on the demand side with the growth of our investments in those geographies. So we haven’t set a number out from the stand point of an earnings per share on the international operation.
Jeff Webster: Keep in mind Dynamic Fuels is a 50/50 joint venture. So our 35 to 60 EBIT range is a 50/50 with us and Syndroleum.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.
Tim Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Leland, the call is remarkably upbeat for the content of the quarter. I have heard “we feel good about our business”, I’ve heard “I like the place we are right now” and it just makes me want to just -- what’s changed I guess in the past three weeks or has anything changed in the past three weeks? Why do we feel good about the business? Why do we like the place right now if not too long ago it generated a $22 million EBIT loss before mark-to-market hedges or before hedging?
Leland Tollett: Well keep in mind Tim; I’ve been back here three weeks. The reason I like where we are right now is we are looking forward, not backward. We have our people in place that I am comfortable with. They’re energized; we’re out there beating the bushes getting new business. We’re improving some of the business that we got. So from that standpoint, that is what’s making me comfortable and optimistic. 
Tim Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. The change in production on chicken in December; I mean I’m having trouble. Maybe this is a question for Donnie, rectified or reconciling kind of the strategy of we’re not going to cut or we cut before and then we kind of get to the end of the darkest day when chicken margins are about to turn positive and we cut. How would you describe that Donnie?
Donnie Smith: Sure. Tim, we’ve said all last summer that we were matching our supply and demand and frankly that will continue to be our goal. When our demand and our supply got out of balance in December, then we made the appropriate adjustments and we’ll continue to operate that way. The inventory growth was our trigger against that. I mean that’s how we’ll decide on future cuts or increases. We will not decide based on the false premise that our supply reductions result in an overall supply reduction. The facts just don’t support that assumption. I firmly believe that we will create a lot more shareholder value, through improving our daily execution fundamentals than ever will with production cuts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Two questions; one, your production cuts, are those coming from primarily weight or head count because we haven’t seen really a move in December in either exits or average weights. I’m just wondering if you can speak to that.
Dennis Leatherby: A little bit of both, but there again, to my point, sometimes it’s hard to see us in the exits number. So I think you just validated the comment I made to Tim. So, a little bit of both there and really Leland said in his comments earlier, we really took our cuts for our business seemed a little soft, where we were growing inventory. So, I don’t know, I’ve answered it three ways. That’s about it.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: So some of your cut you’re saying in December was initially, you said was coming out of inventory. What did you say?
Dennis Leatherby: We made production cuts; some in our placements, some in weight, different places. We made the cuts in the areas of our business where we were recognizing some softness and the intention of the cuts at that point in time was we saw our inventory building, which it had had not done before. As an example, our inventories at the end of Q4 were lower than they were at the end of Q3, but at the end of Q1, our inventories were higher than at the end of Q4. That was our triggers that we needed to do something different.  So we made that production change and incidentally we are seeing our inventories starting to come down. So we feel good about our current sales pace and the fact that we made the right decision. Let me make one really important point here. We did not lose any market share in Q1, but in fact might have gained a little. Our customer demand dropped and we grew our inventory unexpectedly. Now, we chose to cut production rather than have to drastically lower our pricing to clear the inventory, during a period of traditionally soft demand anyway, Q2. So, that is where we ended up.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay and then my second question is, going back to the normalized margin comment, given the kind of improvements you’ve made as far as yield, mix, etc, and it sounds as if you have further improvements to make. Once industry supply and demand is matched, pricing improves etc, why wouldn’t your normalized margins be better than they were in prior cycles?
Dennis Leatherby: I’ll quote something Lehman told us the other day. Let’s get through break even before we start setting targets higher than that and we’re getting as close to that as we can, as fast as with we can. I don’t think I can sit here and predict with the kind of economic volatility we’ve seen around us and get comfortable calling what our future margins are going to be a few quarters down the road or that type of thing. It’s just way too early to make that call.  I will say this though; we are seeing industry fundamentals get better, but more importantly, we are seeing our fundamentals get better. So we’re going to continue and improve our core business and improve our competitiveness in this industry and then when the fundamentals recover we will like what we see.
Leland Tollett: Let me hop in a little bit. When we talked about mix and yield and plant efficiencies and that sort of thing, we were not as far off as maybe we have left the impression. As a matter of fact, we are very, very competitive. We were just not as good as I wanted us to be and as we look at the agro stats numbers, we are not out of joint cost wise, but we can’t save our self the prosperity. We have to get our product mix right and we’ve got to get the price out of the marketplace; that’s where we’re going to win.
Operator: You next question comes from Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: For Jim Louvhner, could you just share with us why you think pork margins are going to couple with the above normal going forward as was in your press release and could you just discuss your availability of hogs and your outlook for export of pork?
Jim Lochner: Sure. First of all, the heard saw liquidation has reported in the last. The big crop report was 191,000. As you know, that’s the base supply chain. Now that was less than we expected to see, so you can convert that to roughly slightly less than 4 million hogs. So if you look at the kill in ’08, it was right around, just short of $115 million. So if we drop back lets say to 109 to 110, that’s roughly the same that we had in ‘07 where we were starting to see above and pushing into that higher normalized earnings. So I don’t see a major.  Even though we’re not going to have the peak supply we had in ’08, we’re not going to see a drastic reduction in supply and on pork exports and Rick can jump in and add a bit to this comment. They were extremely strong in ‘08 and we’re starting to see some interest upfront in replenishing. You have to always keep in mind one thing and that is the world’s supply of pork reduction is down and pork demand has a primary protein I don’t think is shifted downward to that degree, so there could be a supply shortage world wide. That’s the basic two premises.
Rick Greubel: Yes Farah, Rick here. Good morning. I would just add to Jim’s remarks there that there’s a couple of things to keep in mind with regard to pork exports, is that pork is still a good value globally relative to the other protein. Herds are down in the major production markets we have to compete against and we were able to negotiate an increase of doubling in the quota going to Russia.  We are already seeing the impact of that as liquidity comes back into these markets and demand as you know, protein consumption is highly correlated to GDP growth in most of the developing world markets that take our pork exports. All will see a positive GDP growth this year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Thank you and Jim just as a follow up; you had gains in both of your cattle and your hog divisions, could you discuss kind of where you stand with your mark-to-market versus your physical and kind of have you changed how you’re buying pork and beef going forward, so should we expect more gains going forward?
Jim Lochner: Let me clear up on the mark-to-market. We did change in Q3, forward purchase cattle and qualify that. That’s a qualified hedge accounting and before that was all mark-to-market. So on procurement, on forward bought cattle starting in Q3, the new transactions went on hedge accounting.  Keep in mind that there’s always a physical offset, so if we take a position, we have the physical inventory behind it. So, the mark-to-market differential from that transaction will be minimized simply because they’re more qualified for hedge counting. That may be confusing, but that’s really the answer on the majority of the beef hedges.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay, so going forward we shouldn’t expect too much more benefit from mark-to-market?
Jim Lochner: Well, on the other side, forward sold product would not qualify, so there is always the potential for mark-to-market influence from those.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And then in pork, you had a gain this quarter; are you buying pigs differently, because we’ve heard that farmer are trying to go out and sell their hogs forward to packers as much as possible.
Jim Lochner: We’ve not changed that, because the majority of that was on hedge accounting before and we have seen this general trend for producers really watching the forward CMEs and making a decision. So if we do take those positions again, we’ll end up being covered under hedge accounting.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. So we shouldn’t expect much gains or losses going forward.
Jim Lochner: Not in the pork segment, no.
Operator: And I would like to turn the call back over to your host, Ms. Wisener.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you very much for your interest in our company and attending the call today and with that we’ll end the call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-11-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener - IR Dick Bond - President and CEO Dennis Leatherby - CFO
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital Ann Gurkin - Davenport
Operator: All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of today’s conference. (Operator Instructions) Today’s conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn your conference over to Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener.  
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods conference call for our 2008 fourth quarter. With me today are Dick Bond, our President and CEO and Dennis Leatherby, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin to discuss the operating performance for the quarter, I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today which could change. I encourage you to look at today's press release for discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I will now turn the call over to Dick Bond.
Dick Bond: Welcome. 2008 was a difficult year in the protein business, which isn't news to any of you, but I'm proud of much of what we've done in this year and I hope the losses in our chicken business don't overshadow several significant accomplishments.  If you were looking at Tyson Foods from the perspective of our business model, what our strategy is and what steps we have taken to execute our strategy, we have been moving the ball forward all year. First this is a multi-protein company which mitigates the impact, when one segment is struggling. 2008 is a prime example of this business model and action. The Chicken segments bad year doesn't outweigh record setting pork margins or remarkable year-over-year turnaround in beef. Second we are moving ahead on our international growth strategy and I have made multiple acquisitions and joint ventures this year. In past up times, we have pulled back from plans to expand especially internationally and it has slowed our progress, not this time. Third we have a strong balance sheet. We issued equity and convertible debt in September to close those international deals. We didn't have to do it, but it allowed us to keep the company on track for long-term growth. Fourth we are moving forward with our renewable products initiatives including the dynamic fuels, renewable diesel plant in the Louisiana.  I'll talk about these things in more detail in my segment report, but now I'd like to turn the call over to Dennis, who will go into the specifics on our financial result, as well as our international deals and the stock offering. 
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Dick. As stated in our press release in Q4 '08, we achieved GAAP earnings of $0.13 per share in a very challenging environment. This compares to earnings of $0.09 per share in Q4 '07. Q4 ‘08 results include certain intangible impairments of $0.02 per share. Our effective tax rate from continuation operations for the quarter was 50.1% and usually higher rate is attributable to lower overall pretax earnings and the impact of certain nondeductible expenses. One other item of note in fourth quarter fiscal 2008, we changed our segment reporting to move our logistics operation profits, which are [inter-companied] by nature from the other segment to Beef, Pork, Chicken or Prepared Foods. All prior periods have been restated to reflect this change. We feel this move will make the segment reporting more meaningful as we go forward and please note also that the historical allocation breakdown is roughly 55% chicken, 20% beef, 15% pork and 10% prepared foods. Turning to the fiscal year results for fiscal '08, we achieved GAAP EPS of $0.24 per share compared to $0.75 per share for fiscal '07. This $0.24 includes $0.10 of non-operating images. Sales grew to $26.9 billion just over $1 billion higher than fiscal ‘07.  Cash on hand at the end of fiscal ’08 was $250 million. Total debt at year end was approximately $2.9 billion a slight increase from 2007, as we sought capital to fund acquisitions for two exciting and important pillars of our strategy, international and renewable products, more on that in a moment. We ended the year with our debt-to-cap ratio at 36.6% down slightly from the end of fiscal '07. Capital expenditures for '08 were $425 million compared to $285 million for '07. $139 million of this capital was allocated to improve our operations in the Chicken segment and Dick will discuss this further on his segment comments. Diluted weighted shares outstanding for the quarter were around $358 million shares a slight increase over Q4 '07 due mainly to our stock offering late in the quarter. As you know, during September '08, we raised $670 million of net proceeds from our offering after fees and costs. $396 million of the proceeds came from the convertible bond transaction costs associated with the bond hedge more on proceeds. $274 million was netted from the Class A common stock offering and the way we look at it is the pretax rate on the convertibles of 5.5% is pretty cheap capital. The net proceeds were used toward the repayment of our borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization and for other general corporate purposes. Paying down the accounts receivable securitization freed up capital for international acquisitions and future efforts in our renewable products division. In October 2008, we completed the acquisition of three vertically integrated poultry operations in southern Brazil. The purchase price was $80 million and additional $10 to $15 million that’s contingent purchase price based on production volumes payable through fiscal 2010. These transactions include the acquisitions of Macedo, Avicola and Frangobras combined we expect these companies will have sales in the $150 to $175 million range for 2009. Additionally, once the joint venture with Shandong Xinchang receives the necessary government approvals, we expect to spend $110 to $115 million to acquire 60% ownership in that company. We anticipate this will be finalized during fiscal 2009. At desire capacities, we expect our international investments to generate ROICs of 20% or better. I'll discuss post acquisition CapEx in a moment. We hope to complete the sale of Lakeside, our Canadian beef business by the end of fiscal first quarter of 2009 with plans to use the proceeds, as available to pay down debt and for other general corporate purposes. Including working capital of Lakeside initially retained by asset closing as well as consideration received from XL Foods, we expect the following future cash flows based on the year end exchange rate. We expect to receive $55 million at closing approximately $136 million in calendar 2009 and then $49 million in notes receivable plus interest to be paid over two years by XL Foods and $29 million of preferred stocks in XL redeemable over five years.  Here are the projections specified information for fiscal '09. Revenues, we expect to be in the range of $28 billion to $29 billion. As a result of the common offering, weighted average shares will be approximately 377 million shares. Net interest expense is expected to be around $225 million.  Depreciation and amortization is expected to be around $525 million. Capital spending will go up compared to fiscal '08 and we expect the following ranges. Approximately, $425 million to $450 million will be used to spend for our core business operations. Approximately $100 to $120 million on post acquisition capital spending will be used for Brazilian and Chinese acquisitions, and approximately $75 to $80 million is related to our Dynamic Fuels facility.  The cost to construct this facility is estimated to be $138 million, which will be funded by $100 million of Gulf Opportunity tax exempt bonds issued in October of 2008 along with equity contributions made by Tyson and Syntroleum, most of which have already been made.  In closing, I would just like to reiterate what Dick said about our company. I feel very confident about the prospects for Tyson Foods. I am really proud of what our Fresh Meats team has done and beef and pork models are really running well and they are optimizing their commodity business models and competing favorably with anyone.  I also believe our chicken business is well on its way to doing the same. In short, we have made great progress on our strategies to build the multinational enterprise and we continue developing more opportunities to build value in renewable products area. I believe all those efforts are positioning our company for a strong long-term future. Now I will pass it back to Dick for a review of the segments. Dick Bond We're going to start with the chicken segment. 2008 was an extremely tough year for the chicken business and the fourth quarter was the most difficult. We lost $91 million in the chicken segment in the fourth quarter and $118 million for the year. Volume was up 6% for the quarter and down 4/10 of a percent for the year.  Prices were up in average of 5.5% for the quarter and 9% for the year, but that was not enough to keep pace with input costs. We had almost $600 million in additional grain cost in fiscal '08. Total chicken segment inputs were up $900 million over fiscal 2007.  Despite the operating environment, we were able to make progress in several areas. To better serve the broad ranging needs of our customers, we placed an organizational focus on increasing the profitability of our small bird model.  We also converted some plants to a large bird model. As Dennis said, we spent $139 million in CapEx this fiscal year to improve operating efficiencies in our plants. The CapEx along with profit improvement projects in our sales channel should generate more than $250 million in annualized cash flow improvements.  Although higher input cost mass the impact to some extent, we have improved our position relative to the competition as reflected in a number of industry benchmarking studies. We are currently identifying cost savings and revenue enhancing projects for 2009 to further improve our position.  As always, we have been carrying out our strategy to create innovative and insight driven food products. Our Food Service group won the [Kennedale] and Cognitio awards for the sixth consecutive year. [Kennedale] identifies the elite manufacturers and operators, as evaluated by their trading partners. Cognitio identifies the manufacturer that did the best job of bringing new products to Food Service operators.  I think these awards demonstrate how important joint value creation is to our customers. Parts of the Food Service industry are hurting in this economy, and we believe our R&D, culinary and consumer insight teams are playing a vital role in helping our customers get through these difficult times. They are relying on us and our proprietary resources of our Discovery Center to help them develop products and menu ideas that will drive traffic by offering value to consumers.  Not all of the Food Service industry is hurting, however. Although, fewer people are eating away from home, when they do, they don't want to spend as much. As a result, quick service continues to grow.  The QSR fast-casual segment represents almost half of our food service business, and 80% of our National Accounts business. These customers have dependent on us to ensure that they have large quantities that they need for National promotions.  Customers in all channels have expressed concern to us about the condition of other companies in the chicken industry and their ability to ensure supply. More people are eating at home. However, and the retail and club store industries is seeing growth, although traffic and buying patterns have changed. Shoppers are making fewer trips, but buying more per trip.  We help our retail customers with products and strategies to bring people into their stores, while giving consumers value for their money. In October, we unveiled a new line of 100% All Natural Chicken Nuggets, Patties and Tenders that are minimally processed and contain no artificial ingredients, preservatives or fillers. We are supporting this launch with a new advertising spot that was recognized by Nielsen IAG as one of the top ten most recalled new TV ads. This product category represents a value alternative to eating out and we will continue innovating to provide customers and consumers the products they want. As for the outlook for Chicken in early fiscal '09 export markets, credit availability, and the recent strengthening dollar had impacted late quarter pricing significantly. Prices are already in the low 20s to the high teens, although sales recorded in October will keep our average for the quarter in the mid to upper 30s. Sales are difficult to come by right now because of trade disputes not lack of demand. Until renegotiated quotas and other technical issues are resolved, looking [late] quarter sales especially to Russia will be difficult. Also we have several cost plus and fixed price contracts with customers for which we have hedged some grain positions. These positions as well as some corporate long positions could impact first quarter results depending upon where corn and soybean meal, close in December. Some of those positions will be mark-to-market at the end of the quarter and are included in our covenant calculations, but other positions would be factored in. The Beef segment had a great fourth quarter with a 5% operating margin. Looking at the third and fourth quarters combined, we had a 3% margin, which is at the upper end of our normalized range. The important thing to remember about our Beef business is that we've turned it around from a $254 million loss in 2006 to $106 million gain for 2008 that's a remarkable turnaround and we are really proud of that accomplishment. Sales prices were up 13% and 6% for the fourth quarter and the year respectively, while sales volumes were down 7.5% for the quarter and 4.6% for the year. The lower volumes are the result of ceasing slaughter operations at our Emporia, Kansas plant in February. Capacity utilization improved to 83.6% compared to 82.8% in Q4 of last year. In the third quarter, the Beef segment had a negative $75 million impact from a mark-to-market accounting treatment related to forward cattle purchases. At the time, I told you we would offset about half of that loss in fourth quarter. I am pleased to report that we had a $41 million recoup and anticipate regaining the remainder of that balance in the first and second quarters of fiscal '09. The economy has affected consumer beef purchases. People are still eating beef but they are trading down in cuts. Sales are the more expensive, [wither] line cuts are down, while chuck and ground beef sales are up. We expect this trend to continue in 2009. Fast beef exports were very good in the fourth quarter. Sales were up 63% on volume and 68.5% on net sales as compared to Q4 of '07. With the South Korean market open, we have 1,250 containers booked for shipment for the August through November period. For Beef in 2009, we anticipate export disappearance to continue. We think cattle supplies will be down 1% to 2% in fiscal '09, but there should be ample cattle to run our plants efficiently. Given our focus on operations and managing the business, I'm confident in our position going into 2009. The Pork segment had its best July through September period ever with a 7.5% operating margin and its best fiscal year ever with a 7.8% margin. Sales volume was up 2% for the quarter and 6% for the year. The segment benefited significantly from lowered hog prices most of the year, but I don't want to overlook the work our fresh meets team has done to improve pork's performance. They have executed our strategy to optimize our commodity businesses by improving staffing and yield, while keeping costs under control. Capacity utilization improved 2.5% over Q4 of '07 to 85.6% in Q4 of '08. With a Q4 gross margin well above the industry average, I think Tyson Foods currently is running the best most efficient pork business in the country. They are likely to be fewer hogs in 2009, but still above the five year average and an ample supply to produce good operating results. Some export markets are going to be difficult especially with the strengthening dollar. However sow liquidation in the EU and Canada will position the US to be a good source for high quality pork. We probably aren't going to see any more record breaking quarters in 2009, but I think our pork segment will continue to do very well.  The prepared food segment sales were up 9% quarter-over-quarter. While fluctuation and prices for pork raw materials, higher wheat, dairy and cooking ingredients, more than offset pricing gains resulting in a $5 million loss for the quarter.  We've gained national distribution of our right brand bacon. However, other parts of our refrigerated processed meats business have struggled. We have a team working on this, to get it turned around and I expect to see significant improvements in 2009. Sales of pepperoni pizza toppings, pizza crusts and tortilla soups and sauces remain strong with opportunities for volume growth for the fiscal 2009 year, although high input costs are likely to continue.  Turning to international sales, despite some concerns about global credit and trade restrictions in the short-term, we believe underlying demand is still strong in the long term. There is a 30 to 60 day supply in the pipeline, and when it's gone, we believe there will be increased demand for our protein products. Countries import protein because they can't produce enough to feed their own people and that really hasn't changed.  We will continue with our strategy to build a multinational company, because international sales and production will be a primary source for Tyson Foods future growth. We have work to do in integrating the multiple acquisitions and joint ventures we made in the past several months.  While some of these entities are established and profitable, others are greenfield or newly operational. So we anticipate it will be 2010, before we begin to see the returns from them in the aggregate.  In our renewable products group, we have broken ground on the Dynamics Fuels renewable plant. The project is on budget and on schedule to begin production in January 2010. Unfortunately, we have to rethink our strategic alliance with ConocoPhillips. [Conoco] has reduced the tax credit from $1 to $0.50 a gallon, making the project currently unprofitable.  I think the government is being shortsighted in favoring ethanol over renewable diesel. I know many people don't like the idea of big oil companies getting tax credits, but they may not realize it is the oil companies that receive the tax credit for blending ethanol into gasoline, not the ethanol producers. I believe the new energy technology should compete on a level playing field and the superior technology whatever that may be, should prevail.  In addition to fuel, pet food is a primary focus of our renewable products group. In January, we announced a strategic alliance with Kemin Industries to develop, manufacture, market and sell flavor enhancers known as palatants to the North American pet food market. We assigned a team to this project and are on schedule to start production next month at our River Valley Animal Feed plant in Texarkana.  In closing, we are a little bit more than a month into the first quarter, and we have limited visibility into what will happen with both export markets and input costs volatility early in fiscal '09. The second half of the year should be better as predicted lower chicken supplies should improve pricing, beef usually has its strongest performance in the third and fourth quarters, and pork will do well all year.  In the short-term, we will handle the difficult market conditions as effectively as possible, and I believe we are in a good position because we have the right strategy, a solid management team, and a strong balance sheet. I don't think there's another protein company better positioned than Tyson Foods for long-term growth. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Julie and we will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). First question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Sir your line is open.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Morning Ken
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: A question about pork. You said, even though there is limited visibility that pork will do well all year, there is some evidence out there. I know it's early, that maybe global demand for pork is starting to slip a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about that what you are seeing and maybe if it's true or not true, and where you are seeing some strength continuing?
Dennis Leatherby: Well Ken, I would tell you that, again going back first to supply, I think that supply will be very good even though it might be down a little bit. We had record supplies of pork in '08. So while '09 might be down a couple percentage points.  I still think there is going to be plenty of pork again to run our plants efficiently. If we think about the export markets, I think China right now is probably an area that has slipped a little bit post the Olympics, but we are still seeing very strong demand in Mexico as a prime example.  We are still seeing very strong demand in Asia primarily in Japan and South Korea, and Russia is probably an area where we have still seen reasonably good volume, and who knows what's going happen there in the short-term. But again it goes back to the factor that countries import protein because they need it to feed their people. So, we are very confident that the export markets overall will continue to be strong in fiscal '09 and I just think we are running a very, very solid pork business right now.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Okay, and then can you give us some idea of just how bad chicken will be for you in the first fiscal quarter? It's hard for us to get an exact idea, where your hedges are and so forth, but I know, you don’t provide exact guidance, but some conversation a little bit about specificity, I think would help investors.
Dick Bond: Well, I won't give you any exact numbers. I'll just talk for the hedges for a minute. The hedges and around the hedge activity will be dependent again on what corn and soybean meal prices are at the end of December. I don't know what they are going to be. Nobody knows what they are going to be and that's a huge factor in terms of mark-to-market end results for chicken in Q1. So somebody can tell me what the answer to that was, I'd be a little bit more able to answer that with some specificity. I will tell you though that Q1 given where legs quarter prices are, breast meat prices are, we are going to lose some significant dollars in Q1. It's really hard for me to give you even a range again because not knowing exactly what inputs are going to be and what is going to happen in terms of, will supplies stay where they are, will supplies stay not where they are. But at this point, six weeks into the quarter, it's not going to be a good quarter. It will be a negative quarter in chicken and most likely a negative quarter overall for our results.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks very much. That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Dick Bond: Good morning, Christina.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Dick, I guess, my first questions, if you look at current demand dynamics including whatever is going on with the Russia this morning announcing a 300,000 ton quarter cut for next year and the tight credit conditions, do you think we'll just see outright closure of capacity in chicken? I am kind of thinking, why wouldn't we? What are the barriers there and what is the alternative?
Dick Bond: Well, Christina, I can't speak for whether we will or as an industry will or won't have any closures. I think we have over the course of the past several years closed four, five facilities; inefficient facilities are going to be something that is going to have to be looked at by everybody. I'm not sure what's going to happen in terms of outright capacity reduction. I do believe that overall supplies of chicken will continue to decline. We did see double digit exits down last week. So, I think supply will continue to probably decline. But it's hard for me to say what might happen in terms of pure out and out capacity reduction. I'm uncomfortable at all trying to speculate on that.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: The 10% reduction in exits that you referenced, is that enough to get the industry back to profitability?
Dick Bond: No. I think that depends upon demand. It could be or it might not be depending upon both domestic and export demand. I would guess at this point that it might need to be a little bit more than that.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Dennis I just wanted to touch on pension. So, given the equity market performance, what is the expected cash contribution in fiscal 2009 and if any what are the incremental headwinds in terms of pension expense in the P&L?
Dennis Leatherby: As far as the pensions go Christina, we have three closed pension funds and our contribution based on the actuarial analysis is only going to be about $1 million for next year. We also have a non-qualified benefit plan that based on the same actuarial analysis would result in another million dollars in pension contributions required from the company. So, it's not too much.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: What about pension expenses, they are big incremental difference?
Dennis Leatherby: No. It’s about $6 million.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Dick Bond: Thanks, Christina.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with BB&T Capital Markets.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning.
Dick Bond: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: I have a quick question on your covenants. As far as your leverage covenant it looks like at the end of the quarter, it was about 3.1 times and I think, it's not supposed to exceed 3.9. But I just wonder, if you could speak given that you are expecting, it seems a pretty challenging quarter for Q1 and Lakeside hasn't closed yet. I was wondering what your view is as far as your comfort level with that covenant at this point at the end of Q1.
Dick Bond: Sure. To correct you just a little bit, it's closer to 3.2…
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Dick Bond: EBITDA for fiscal '08. In terms of the outlook, the first quarter, it is going to be a little bit tight and so again it depends on these grain positions at the end of the quarter.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Did you say that some of those grain positions will be mark-to-market and won't be included in your EBITDA?
Dick Bond: That's correct. Yes, the way it works is that anything as a mark-to-market position will be added back to the debt to EBITDA covenant.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: I mean, how tight are we talking about? Should we be expecting that you need to be in discussions with your lenders for waivers or you don't expect it to be that tight?
Dick Bond: We don't have a clear view on that. I will say that we've had a great track record working with our banks. It's a very supportive bank group. They've supported us through a lot and helped us even in this most recent amendment. So, we are very comfortable that we do need to do something whether it be a waiver or amendment that will be, we have it get it done usually.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Dennis Leatherby: Heather we don't believe this is going to be a big problem for us. If that happens, and if it gets tight, which it could, we are very, very confident that our bank group will work with us. That is not an issue as far as we are concerned.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: What is going on with Lakeside? I think on your Q3 call, you had expected to close during Q4, and now it's been pushed out to Q1. Is this a function of the credit market or is there something else going on there?
Dennis Leatherby: No it really isn't a function of the credit market. It is just a function of the time that it is taking to go through the Competition Bureau up in Canada. They have asked kind of for a second request, if you will, for information. It's just taken a little bit longer than what we had thought to process. Still don't believe there's going to be any problem from that standpoint. It has just taken a little bit longer than what we anticipated.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. I just have two more quick questions. When you said that the production cuts assuming this double digit holds, do you think that's not enough to get you to profitability or is not enough to get you to normal margins?
Dennis Leatherby: I would say probably not enough to get to normalized margins. I think certainly that would get to us a profitable level, but I don't know if it would be necessarily get us to normalized.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, and then, my final question, you spoke about export demand and I appreciate the color. But, I was wondering what you've seen specifically in October and early November as far as domestic demand on the food service side, specifically casual dining. Have you seen further deterioration there? Have trends slowed in QSR or just if you could give us some color.
Dennis Leatherby: Sure. QSR continues to be extremely good. I would say very good, given the current conditions. The segment that is hurting the most is that mid-scale casual dining, and there I would say that it's been a little bit more discouraging in October, early November than even what it was in the August, September period. But we are working on products and value related products to try and stimulate that demand for that sector that takes a little bit of time, but I think they are all focused on that as well.  How can they get their traffic count back up? How can they keep their ticket or their sales ticket price relatively low and we are working as hard as we possibly can to help them in that vein. But you are right. It has been probably a little bit worse than the August, September period.
Heather Jones - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. I appreciate it.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: On the chicken side, demand has clearly declined both on the export and food service side, and the industry excluding probably you and Sanderson Farms has clearly had a fairly aggressive cut, and my understanding has been that Tyson would begin to cut and maybe go along with the industry once the demand is cutting lower and there's been evidence of industry rationalization. I guess my question is what are you guys doing? Are you guys starting to do that?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, Ken, I'll go back and I think what I have always said pretty routinely was that we would match the demand from a customer's perspective with our supply, and I would tell you that I'm still or we are still in that mode. Now granted food service sales are not quite as good, especially in that mid-scale, and casual like we talked about, but QSR is still very good, and retail has really picked up the pace here. So there's been a shift, and we've acknowledged that shift, but overall I would tell you that from a Tyson perspective demand for chicken, domestically, is still pretty good.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So you have still no intention of kind of cutting a little bit?
Dennis Leatherby: What I'm telling you is that we will continue to evaluate this and we do continue to evaluate it all the time. As of right now, we still believe that demand supply balance for us is still reasonably good.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. If I think about on the beef side, I may guess, I am going to have the similar logic here. With the beef export probably coming down, we noted a little bit tighter supply. You guys have made some actions with Emporia. Is there a need for another action either by the industry or by Tyson?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, I can tell you there will not be another action by Tyson. We have very, very, efficient plants. We are pleased with our position there. I don't necessarily know that exports, our export business is still solid from a beef standpoint. Japan still isn't where we wanted it to be, but that's because of the 20 month in down process.  Like I said, we booked thousand, 250 containers into South Korea. We still see demand being reasonably good from an export perspective, and as I said, I do belief cattle supplies are going to be down, but they are still up about 4/10 of a percent year-over-year in '08. So I don’t think we are going to have a huge shortfall of cattle in order to keep our plants running efficiently to generate reasonable margins for '09.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So you did say that, when you say you are confident in your beef positioning, that is an implication that you expect to making money in beef in 2009. Is that fair?
Dennis Leatherby: Absolutely.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Great, I appreciate it.
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Can you give me, you have $250 million of cash on your balance sheet now. Is that going to be directed towards acquisition? What should we expect your debt levels to be say six months from now?  Then secondly, can you help me separate the currency impact on exports from the tight credit environment presumably the tight credit environment can go away, but our protein is not as good of a relative value as it used to be for these export markets. So do you think that that has the risk of having a more permanent impact on our export ability?
Dennis Leatherby: Sure, Robert this is Dennis. I'll handle the first part. As far as the cash goes, the $250 million in cash is being used to invest in our business, and as Dick said earlier we invested $80 million in Brazil and have more spending on the way between CapEx internationally and also in China with Shandong Xinchangn.  So it will be certainly invested back in the business. As far as debt goes, debt will go up because of the some of these same investments, but also because this GO Zone financing that we did with dynamic fuels, it's a 50-50 joint venture and because we put the credit support behind it that debt will show up as well. That's $100 million. So it will go up some.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. 
Dick Bond: Rob, on the export side, I do believe that the credit issues probably will go away. I don't know whether that's two months, four months, six months, but it probably is more of a short-term issue, and I would say for us and our customers, it has been less of an issue maybe than others.  I'm not sure about that. I think the fact that the dollar has gotten stronger is certainly something that we are going to have to deal with, but if you think about areas of where protein can come from, and you think about high quality beef and you think about high quality pork, the US is going to be still the low cost producer on the beef and the pork side even with that change.  So, I still see that being positive for us. The EU and other parts of the world can't create pork nearly as efficiently as we can. China has to use most, all of its support to feed its own people. So I think even though the currency and the value of the dollar has increased, on the beef and pork side, I still think we'll be the most favored nation if you will to help handle that desire for protein.  On the chicken side, we really have to make sure that we stay as competitive as we possibly can with Brazil. I mean that's the other area that we are going to always have to compete with, and while yes, the dollar has gotten stronger.  I still believe that because based on the fundamental demand for protein, the fundamental demand for chicken first because it converts feed better than the cattle or the hogs do. There is going to be demand for chicken, that there's going to be enough demand there, once some of these issues in the short-term stabilize for both the US and Brazil to continue to grow from an export perspective.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: What is it about our relative ability versus Brazil to make beef and pork sustainably more cost effective? Is it just we have a more professionalized method for slaughter and for raising?
Dick Bond: No actually that we produce a totally different product than what Brazil does. Brazil is primarily grass fed. In other words it's not grain fed, or if it is grain fed, it's an extremely short fed grain process.  I mean, really the US and Canada and to some degree Australia and New Zealand are the only areas that produce high quality grain fed beef and the Australian dollar has probably had as much strengthening as the US dollar. So from a beef perspective, we still are very competitive on a high quality grain fed product, which is the product that we produce as far as Tyson Foods is concerned.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: But internationally do you see increase demand for grass fed beef?
Dick Bond: Actually, there has been increase demand, but there has also been increased demand for grain fed. If we can sometime in this next calendar year get Japan back up to a level of months higher than 20 months, either 30 months or all ages of cattle, it will dramatically change our beef exports to Asia as well. So I think there will be a continued need for high quality grain fed beef around the world.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey with D. A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning, Tim.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co: Good morning. Dick in the last five or ten minutes, since you were talking to Ken Goldman, the stocks declined about 12%. I'm going to give you chance to rethink the answer you gave Ken. You said that demand was good for chicken, and I think the market just is not real pleased with that answer. Demand will be really good for dollars if you agree to sell them for $0.90 too. I mean you have got to take the point of view that demand is horrible. You are losing huge money. What are we missing here?
Dick Bond: Well, I would tell you that as a company we are not building inventory, we are selling product week in and week out. Yes, prices are not where we would want them to be, but I would still contend that on the food service side, not counting casual and on the retail side, we are continuing to see strong demand for chicken. I mean, it is the best converter of feed.  People are still eating protein, Tim, and it is a matter of time before this balance, if you will, of supply and price gets back in line. That might take another quarter. It might take another two quarters.  But I believe that we are doing and we have done our part in the past. If you say the industry is now down on a hedge slaughtered basis in that 6% to 7%, we took more than that out in the last three or four years.  So we've continued to do our part, and I think our plants and the efficiency of what we are doing day in and day out to improve our operations, I believe that the demand is there, and we are staying with the program that we are on. Now, I also said that we would continue to evaluate this on a very, very timely week to week basis, and we will do that.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co: Well Dick, a year ago you talked about price encourage, then when I was out with Donnie Smith four five months ago, you guys talked about well we're not going to be the one to cut.  I don't know what kind of stock price is going to take get to change of heart, but let's just face it. This is not good profitability. Demand is not good. Demand, you are giving away dollars for $0.90, and I think we are going to have to take a hard look at that. That's my comment. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken with Cleveland research. Your line is open.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Yes. Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning Christine.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research : Just in terms of demand, if you look at kind of flash forward some months and look at the type of pricing you are going to need to get back to profitability in chicken, and then what the produce is on the hog side and what to your guess, are you going to need to get back to kind of better results? You look at the current environment at current pricing and you say that demand is good, but that's at today's price. I guess I'm wondering how you look at demand at the pricing you need to restore profitability say in some months both here in the US and then how it's going to put us in even greater disadvantage in the export markets. How do you look at that scenario?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, Christina, I look at that and say that prices right now, if you take leg quarters and what has happened to leg quarters, you go back to six weeks ago and leg quarters were in the high 50s and they had built to that level all year long. Quite frankly, we have got mostly trade disruption, not demand that has caused that significant decline in terms of leg quarter values.  It's really hard to say what kind of prices are going to be necessary, because there's so much volatility on the input side, that it's very difficult to determine what prices we are going to have to have, but I still contend that demand for chicken will remain good both domestically and will improve again from an export perspective as we see the continuing need for more protein primarily driven by chicken. You are right. I mean, nobody likes selling prices where they are today.  But, ultimately this will not go on. It cannot go on forever. So there will be a time where these prices will materially rise, and that time frame is not years away, it's months away. Whether it's this quarter or next quarter or whether it has to wait till April or May, it is going to happen.  One of the advantages that we have is we are a multi-protein company, and I still believe as I've said that our pork business will have a solid performance all next year. Our beef business will be profitable. We have a strong balance sheet, and I think we have solid, solid ideas of what we want to do and how we want to accomplish it.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. Just in terms of the export situation, you know, you see now several weeks of disruptions tied to some of these events that you talked about relative to credit specifically with Russia. I think and now you've seen there is kind of disruption with Russia on the leg quarters situation. Inventories are building or have built for weeks now and historically when this has happened in one protein, we have had a huge kind of lag and how long it takes to work through that inventory?  I'm wondering, if I'm looking at all three proteins now, not moving specifically into Russia but also I've heard of significant disruption into Mexico, for example, and things slow into some of the Asian countries, it's going to take a long time to work through all this inventory. So, why are you so optimistic on fiscal '09? It just seems very unlikely that we'll be able to move through all that meat in a short period of time and get the pricing back so quickly?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, I'm not sure, I can tell you that from an inventory perspective, probably we have seen a little bit of a build on the leg quarter, but that's not necessarily that they are not sold. It's more shipping and other disruption related activities, but we as a company are not building inventories on an overall basis.  In other words, we are not building inventories of frozen beef. We are not building inventories of frozen pork. We are not building inventories of frozen prepared foods and other then leg quarters, we're not building any inventory from a chicken perspective.  So, yes, maybe there is some building of inventories, but it is not occurring at Tyson Foods. So we have to look at it from the standpoint of how we look at these various markets, what we are being able to do domestically. I totally agree with you. We don't necessarily like the prices that we are selling at today, but I believe all those things are going to improve. As I've said, I mean it's our Q3 and Q4 that we believe will be significantly better. I've never said that we are going to have a great first half of the year that I am optimistic, very optimistic about the back half of the year not necessarily about the first half of the year and especially the first quarter.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. I'll leave it there and follow up later. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Well a lot of my questions has been answered. So, if you can just, Dick you talked about grain costs were up 600 and then total cost in chicken were up 900. Could you help us understand that other 300 and if, how much of that what isn't hedged, how much of that might have improved or should improve in fiscal '09 relative to fiscal '08?
Dennis Leatherby: Most of that 300 is made up of other ingredients that are necessary more for the value added side of the chicken. We have breading. We have batters, we have cooking oils and those are the primary things that makeup that additional.  We use a lot of soybean oil and a lot of vegetable oil for our frying operations. So those are the types of things that I'm talking about in terms of other ingredients. We also had higher inputs in terms of energy, and those would be the main components of that $300 million.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Directionally, should you get some relief on that next year?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, if energy prices were to stay where they are now, yes, we would definitely get some relief there, and we have seen declines in a lot of those other commodities. So it really depends upon what happens with the commodity markets. But, yes, there should be some significant savings over '08 if commodities in general were to stay kind of where they are at now.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then, if I can just ask, as we've all watched breast prices in leg quarter prices come down each week, how much of a surprise has that been? Can you characterize exactly what is causing the decline in breast meat prices and is there kind of a contagion between, now that leg quarters are going down, is that putting incremental pressure on breast meat prices as well?
Dennis Leatherby: Not necessarily. I think that the leg quarter pricing has put incremental pressure on the breast meat prices, but the pure fact is that from an industry perspective, there is too much supply from a breast meat perspective. There's no doubt about that. From a leg quarter perspective, I believe this is more driven not again by demand, but by unique trade disputes which are hopefully going to be relatively short lived.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then just a last question. When I think about, when we think about your volume being up 6% in chicken, just help me understand any sort of fine print in that. Does that mean specifically you grew 6% more chickens in this quarter year-over-year? Was there something about last year's quarter that made the comparison easier or difficult or what have you? How should we think about that number in the face of the current state of the chicken industry?
Dennis Leatherby: Our volume, not in terms of head but in terms of pounds was up 6% year-over-year. Part of that is in bird weight because in overall we have increased our bird weight as we have gone to as I said earlier, a few plants in larger bird weight.  Plus I will also tell you that in fourth quarter, the conversion and the growing activity because of the weather not being quite as hot as typically in the South, especially during August and September, we actually processed more chicken in that quarter and processed some birds early because of the very good efficiencies and gains that we actually ran a few Saturdays, which in Q4 of '07 we didn't.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I guess lastly, is that the type of volume that we should expect in fiscal '09?
Dennis Leatherby: In terms of year-over-year increases?
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Dennis Leatherby: No, no.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: It will be more flat or --
Dennis Leatherby: Yes. Should be roughly flat.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Hi. Just continuing on the export, could you share with us how current bookings, I know you booked beef into South Korea quite good. Kind of looking forward as you are looking at forward bookings for beef, are you still seeing the same level of demand as you are expressing that's been booked to date and how much is that demand for beef weakened?
Dennis Leatherby: I would tell you, I think that we did get a very, very strong pipeline filled out of South Korea. I think probably short-term demand there will probably get just a little bit softer, and we won't see that same level again because of the very, very strong pipeline filled, and we still haven't seen the retail side of South Korea be as aggressive with US beef and we are working with USMEF and our retail partners over there to try and get more US beef reestablished in South Korea. So in all honesty in the short-term, I think we could see a little bit of a pull back from South Korean perspective, but I still believe long-term South Korea will be a very, very strong market for us, once we get through and we get retail totally reestablished in South Korea.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Over the next three to six months looking at just Tyson's beef business, where do you think exports are going to be year-over-year?
Dennis Leatherby: It's a good question. I think probably from a dollars perspective, they'll probably be higher. I think from a volume perspective because we will have South Korea in there where we didn't have South Korea in there last year will be higher on a volume perspective as well. I'm not sure I can give you a number as to what percentage that is in the plan, because I don't know that off the top of my head.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Okay. Following on to Christine's question about pork exports, Tyson's pork export kind of looking forward in the next three months and the next six months, if you could just kind of give us some color about Tyson's export on that front.
Dennis Leatherby: I think our exports will be very strong to Japan. I think we will continue to have strong exports into Mexico. Russia again might be an issue here in the short-term, but by and large I think the majority of our export markets will continue to be good as the EU continues to decline and Canada continues to decline from availability and a sow herd, I still think that US pork will be in demand around the world.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  So, you expect volumes to be up in the next six months for Tyson foods and pork, 3 to 6 months?
Dennis Leatherby: We were up hugely in '08 over '07. But, I would not tell you that we're going to be up significantly in '09 compared to '08. I still think we should be up slightly, but I don't think we'll be up like we were up in '08.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  But I'm just trying to get the near term trends, our near terms are you seeing it weakened and softened the amount that's going overseas?
Dennis Leatherby: Actually the amount that's being totally exported from a pork perspective, we are not seeing an overall decline at this point.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Okay. Then, you've discussed the weakness in chicken. Where do you think leg quarters will bottom, and what are the factors that will allow it, that gives you confidence that that's the price that they will bottom in at?
Dennis Leatherby: I would tell you we are pretty close to the bottom.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  So you are thinking the mid-teens is bottom?
Dennis Leatherby: Well I think mid to high teens is probably the bottom. You get much below that, you might just as well render it. So, yes. I think that is the bottom, and I think as soon as we get a satisfactory resolution in Russia, that will help, and I think hopefully that will be fourth coming. I know there are meetings later this week between USTR, USDA and the Russian government and hopefully the quota in these other trade technical issues will get resolved, and that will start back that process of rebuilding both demand and pricing from a leg quarter perspective.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  So you anticipate leg quarters will start recovering in this January period or do you think it's going to be more the March period?
Dennis Leatherby: Probably later, probably later in calendar first quarter would be my guess.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Dick could you just tell me how many more quarters of losses in chicken are you comfortable with before you actually do something about your production levels? How many more quarters are you willing to lose money in chicken?
Dennis Leatherby: Well, I've told you we would most likely lose money in Q1. If leg quarters don't improve till late March or sometime in the latter part of our fiscal Q2, whether that be late February or March, we could very well have a loss quarter in terms of our second quarter as well in chicken. I don't believe we will have a quarter beyond that. I think our third quarter or the calendar quarter of April through June will be profitable.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: So, even with two potential loss quarters coming up, you still feel that your production level is appropriate?
Dennis Leatherby: Diane I said we would continue to look at that week in and week out, and we won't lose sight of that. But I'll still stand with my thought process that we are seeing what we are seeing from a demand and from a customer perspective and we are going to stay in that mode.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Well, I guess I struggle with your comments earlier where you say it has to get better, just has to because we can't keep going on as an industry this way. These types of comments and I guess my question is why does it have to get better if the number two chicken player, which has a quarter of the market isn't doing anything to reduce supply.
Dennis Leatherby: Well, I mean, I think as we always look at what happens come spring, demand as we get to the grilling season for chicken breast and what have you always improves. Again I think QSR continues to be good. I think you will see QSR continue to promote chicken. As I've said, I think the export markets will get better, once we get through the mid to late winter, and I'm not sure what capacity will either come out or not come out in the chicken industry between now and then.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess my other question is really about the language in your segment reporting regarding your grain hedging. You've changed some of the language. I'm reading this as boiler plate because it's in all of your new segments with regard to these net gains exclude the impact from related fiscal purchase transactions, which will impact future period operating results. Is there something there that we should sort of change in accounting?
Dennis Leatherby: There's no change. Actually I think that language has been in there the last three or four quarters. I don't believe that language is any different.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I check your last quarter and it wasn't there. So I just wanted to make sure that I wasn't reading more into that than I should?
Dennis Leatherby: No.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Brocklehurst with Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Just a quick question on the $160 million of hedging gains in the quarter. Of those, is there a certain portion that's mark-to-market and therefore should be excluded from the calculation for the leverage ratio covenant?
Dick Bond: Yes. There would be some.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Can you… 
Dick Bond: Chris, I'm not sure how much that is. We can probably follow up and get you a better determinant of that.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Is it fair to assume that we were supposed to exclude a large enough chunk in that mark-to-market to the point where it would put you over the threshold for the covenant that that would be disclosed in your commentary or in your press release this morning?
Dick Bond: Well remember Christina or Heather was asking about where we came in on the covenant and she said 310. I said it's more like 320. So that would factor all of that in Chris.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: So that calculation that includes all of the $161 million of hedging gains in the quarter?
Dick Bond: Chris, I'm looking at our press release and don't see where it says 161. I see that we said partially offset by net gains of 78 for the quarter and 127 for the year. So that's year-over-year change.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: When you referred to, so in each of the segments I guess there was $78 million in chicken or this $77 million in beef, I guess the line with operating results would positively impact in the fourth quarter by net gains of $77 million from a commodity risk management activities? Is that separate from hedging?
Dennis Leatherby: No. That would be inclusive in there. What we haven’t broke out there specifically, what is mark-to-market would be excluded from the covenants, but I can tell you matter of factly that that number was not that large that the add back is what kept us under the covenant. So we weren't close to getting anywhere near our covenant on our debt to EBITDA covenant.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Got it. So, excluding mark-to-market you did not reach that threshold?
Dick Bond: No.
Dennis Leatherby: No were near.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Okay. Then, as you mentioned it may be tight looking out to 1Q '09. So, I guess I'm curious if you've received explicit assurances from your lenders that if you were to trip that covenant that you would receive leniency or your commentary seems pretty optimistic, but is that just based on having a good relationship in general or is that something that you've received sort of explicit assurances on?
Dennis Leatherby: We have not received explicit assurances but it's really based on great historical relationships and also we keep our banks well informed where we are especially our key banks.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Okay. Then, if I think about just the sort of the events right now transpiring in the industry or that may transpire, if there were to be a fairly significant process or filing for bankruptcy I'm just wondering would that have positive implications for Tyson because it will allow capacity to come out of the industry potentially or would it be more maybe near term negative because it would force liquidation of inventory at fairly cheap prices? I'm just wondering how we should look at the positives or negatives of such an event?
Dennis Leatherby: I really don't have any comment one way or the other and it would be wrong for me to have any comment. So I'm going to pass on that question.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Okay. In chicken, are you right now on a more of a variable margin basis? Are you profitable at least on a variable margin basis, or losing money on that basis as well?
Dennis Leatherby: We are profitable in a couple of our divisions not in all of them, but we are close.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: So, is it fair then to assume the more commodity oriented divisions is where the profit, the variable contribution has been squeezed more?
Dennis Leatherby: Yes.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Then I'm thinking just, so it seems like if you are not profitable on a variable contribution margin basis, then the easy decision would be not to produce more of what you are losing money on every time you produce it. So I guess why would you accept losing money on commodity items?
Dennis Leatherby: Again that would not necessarily have been true until this very, very rapid decline in leg quarter values, and that's something that is relatively new here in the last couple of three weeks, and Dennis said that overall we were profitable on a variable cost basis, and yes, there is a small portion that might not be, but by eliminating or reducing capacity, you can't just reduce capacity on a commodity basis because that's not how our business works. All of our plants do some level of value added activity as well.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: So, if the net of the value added activity is negative in that sort of scenario where that commodity business is losing money on a variable margin basis, and you expect that the near term, very near term could remain challenged and you are fairly close or at least tight anyway when it comes to the covenant threshold, why continue to produce near term? Given that it's only 6 to 7 week life cycle or 8 to 10 forward looking production management decision?
Dennis Leatherby: Again, as I've said, you can't look at a chicken and say this whole chicken is a commodity chicken because as an example we are further processing and doing a lot of work on wings and on tenders, chopped and formed products, so you need a number of parts of this chicken for value added activities, which are more than contributing at a variable cost level. So you really have to look at it in its entirety, and as I've said, we will continue to monitor our production levels based on the demand from our customers.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Okay. So if Tyson were to cut production, you'd be disadvantaging the cost structure of some of your more value added businesses. So the net of Tyson cutting production would be overall a negative for the segment then?
Dennis Leatherby: For our segment, yes.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: For your chicken segment, if you were to cut production the net to profitability would be a negative impact overall?
Dennis Leatherby: In the short-term, absolutely.
Christopher Brocklehurst - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ann Gurkin with Davenport. Your line is open.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning.
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning Ann. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Just wanted to clarify something. Dick I think you talked about you are not seeing an inventory build right now despite the export situation in the chicken segment, but we are hearing that Tyson has been looking for freezer space and so I'm just curious if you can reconcile what we are hearing with your statement this morning.
Dick Bond: I do say that because of shipping and disruptions to Russia that we were having a slight build on leg quarters, and I did acknowledge that, but I think that's a short-term issue. I'm not aware of us specifically looking for new or different cold storage or freezer activity, but you might know something that I don't. But I did acknowledge that we have had a slight increase.  I would tell you it's all sold. It's just a matter of getting it shipped. A matter of getting our customers to make sure that they give us the dollars before we need to load the vessels. So some of that is more around logistics than it is not having the product sold.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. Then, if we go back to, I guess when we went through an oversupply of chicken and demand was falling off and I seem to recall that one of the objective was really to keep the capacity open and could keep max market share in place. Are you meeting your objective, you now have three negative quarters in chicken, looking at maybe two more or who knows? Is it really meeting your objective?
Dennis Leatherby: I think that we are meeting our objectives in terms of attempting to improve our business both from a value added standpoint and from optimizing our commodity business models. Those two strategies, I think we are making a lot of progress that I'm very proud of.  These benchmarking studies that we participate in will show us improving dramatically, and for that reason and that reason alone, we are very pleased with the changes and the progress that we are making in our chicken business.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Even though you are incurring tremendous losses?
Dennis Leatherby: Even though we are incurring losses. That's correct.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have no further questions.
Dennis Leatherby: Well, let me just conclude by saying it's evident that on the chicken side, you all think we should be cutting production. I will tell you, we will continue to monitor that, but I still believe that the improvements that we've put in place and what we are doing to match demand with supply is the right thing for Tyson Foods.  I would also tell you that we are a diversified portfolio company in terms of participating in all three of the major proteins and believe that's a very imperative part of our overall company position. We have a strong balance sheet, and we will continue to be a leader in the protein industry and feel very confident about our future. I thank you for participating with us today and look forward to talking to you in the future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ruth Ann Wisener – VP & IR Richard Bond – President & CEO Dennis Leatherby - CFO
Analysts:  Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener; please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener : Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods third quarter conference call. With me today are Richard Bond, our President and CEO, and Dennis Leatherby, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin to discuss the operating performance for the quarter, I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today will include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today which could change, so I would encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that the can affect our business. I'll now turn the call over to Richard Bond.
Richard Bond: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I think the third quarter really demonstrates why Tyson Foods has the right business model and continued confidence in our strategy. Having beef and pork in our portfolio as well as prepared foods mitigated the losses we had in our chicken which is experiencing very difficult market dynamics. And although market forces frame how we make our day to day decisions our focus remains on executing our strategy including building our international business and renewable products platform. It is what we will build long-term shareholder value and help us overcome external factors.  Our beef business did better than expected this quarter although the results are really masked by a negative $75 million mark-to-market accounting treatment related to our forward cattle purchases and forward boxed beef sales. Dennis will give you more details in his remarks. The insured supply of cattle is to our benefit but its unfortunate it disguised an otherwise solid performance by the team members in our beef operations. The economy is affecting our business, although it doesn’t appear to be hurting our overall demand for our products. According to research our consumer intentions conducted last month almost 85% of consumers believe we are in a recession and it is changing what foods they buy and whether they go out or eat at home. Fortunately we are well positioned to address changes in consumer behavior across all channels, all categories and all customers to help them with their challenges while benefiting our business. Now I’m going to turn the call over to Dennis Leatherby who I am pleased to say is our new CFO. Dennis has been with Tyson for 18 years and I am grateful for the knowledge and experience he brings to his new role. 
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you Richard, it’s great to be here. As stated in our press release in Q3 2008 we achieved GAAP earnings of $0.03 per share despite ongoing challenges in the business environment. This compares to earnings of $0.31 per share in Q3 2007. Q3 2008 results include charges of $0.02 per share for flood damage at our Jefferson, Wisconsin prepared foods plant and other asset impairments applying an adjusted EPS of $0.05 per share. As announced in June we signed a Letter of Intent with Excel Foods Inc. to sell our beef processing assets, cattle feed yard and fertilizer assets of Lakeside Farm Industries in Canada for $106 million plus approximately $85 million related to the cattle and fertilizer inventory. We hope this transaction will close by the end of fiscal 2008. Including the working capital of Lakeside initially retained by us at closing we expect to receive cash of $56 million at closing, approximately $130 million within 60 days of closing, $20 million in calendar 2009, and $49 million in notes plus interest to be paid over a two year period. We will also receive approximately $30 million of Excel preferred stock redeemable over five years. Many of you are probably surprised beef did not show better earnings. During the first quarter of 2008 our beef segment had a $75 million mark-to-market GAAP loss as Richard just said; the largest part of this loss was due to our forward cattle program. So let me explain this a little better. As a benefit to the cattle producers at times we agree to purchase their cattle in the future for a fixed price. We then in turn swap this fixed purchase price back to a market price by entering into a separate short futures position on live cattle. For accounting purposes we mark the short futures position to market through the P&L each quarter. However the fixed price cattle purchase is not recorded until we physically receive the cattle. In the long-term the gain or loss on the short future position is offset by the impact of the fixed cattle purchase price. However in the short run this can cause mark-to-market P&L volatility. So to put it more simply cattle futures ran up in the third quarter and our short positions lost value. The offsetting gain in value from our forward cattle positions couldn’t be recognized in our P&L this quarter causing the majority of the $75 million mark-to-market GAAP loss. Due to changes in our beef market strategies and business conditions we now have more forward cattle purchase derivatives relative to fixed forward boxed beef sales derivatives. Therefore beginning in the fourth quarter we will qualify these forward cattle derivatives as fair value hedges. This will allow the short position and physical cattle purchase to be recognized in the income statement in the same period which should reduce beef segment mark-to-market volatility. Now turning to a brief review of our segments, volume in all segments except beef was higher. Beef volume was primarily lower to the Emporia plant closure. Beef had a very good quarter as we said, reporting $3 million of operating income which was masked by the $75 million mark-to-market impact. We expect more then 50% of this mark-to-market will reverse in Q4 and will be reflected in operating income with the remainder reflected in fiscal 2009. Export sales continue to be very good especially to several Asian destinations and capacity relative to available cattle remains well balanced. Our year-over-year chicken segment sales for the quarter increased almost 9% or $183 million on volume and price. This was up roughly 11.2% when netting out the affect of divesting two commodity chicken plants in fiscal 2007. Chicken operating earnings continue to be negative as prices have yet to catch up with higher input costs. Year-to-date the negative grain impact was $349 million as compared to the same period a year ago. For the fiscal year we estimate our corn and soy cost alone will be approximately $550 million then the last fiscal year prior to some risk management offsets.  Our efforts to increase prices will continue over the next several quarters. Pork continues to perform well with an operating margin of around 6% which is above our normalized range. We continue to see strong export sales and ample hog supplies. Our prepared food segment was below our normalized range primarily due to the $7 million charge for flood damage at Jefferson and the timing of input cost increases versus related price increases. Overall I think our team has done a really good job of managing our diverse multi protein portfolio especially given some of the challenges we have been facing such as higher grain and other input costs. We finished the quarter at a debt level of just $3.1 billion with which our debt to capital ratio at 39.2%. This represents a $124 million increase compared to the end of Q2. Capital expenditures for Q3 were $120 million compared to $70 million for Q3 2007. Much of this capital was allocated to profit improvement projects.  In closing I’d just like to say that I remain very confident about the prospects for Tyson Foods. Our strategy for product innovation has proven to be valuable to our customers especially in this current economy. Beef and pork have done a great job optimizing their commodity business models and chicken is on its way. We’ve made good progress on our strategy to build a multi national enterprise with a few acquisitions under our belt and more are in the pipeline. And we continue to develop opportunities and build value in renewable products. I believe these efforts are positioning our company for a strong long-term future. So now I’ll pass it over to Richard for his review of the segments. 
Richard Bond: Thanks Dennis, I’m going to start with the chicken segment, as you know this has been a very difficult quarter for chicken. In Q3 chicken continued to struggle with escalating input costs. Grains were up $140 million while energy, natural gas, cooking ingredients, and freight were up an additional $60 million over last year. Conventional wisdom is that chicken is more resist to recession and rebounds more quickly then other proteins. This is holding true for us because we’re seeing good demand. We have continued executing our strategy to develop, innovate, and inside driven products and now many of our food service customers are coming to us to reformulate or reengineer their menus and their products to improve value, drive traffic, and mitigate costs. They’re concerned about value and price but the most significant issue we’ve seen is ensuring they will have enough chicken to serve their customers. In the past few weeks a number of large customers have asked us to take on more of their business if we can ensure they will have a steady long-term supply. Because of our size, locations and flexibility, we’re typically able to do that but we simply cannot lock in long-term prices. Fixed price contracts will be limited to a minimum timeframe with adjusters for input fluctuations. In other words long-term supple with short-term pricing.  Turning to the consumer products channel one year ago we launched the Tyson Any’tizers line of frozen snack products which unified all of our fully cooked frozen snack items under one sub brand. We exceeded our trial and distribution objectives and achieved a 46% share of the frozen meat snack category and gained 10 share points in the first year. International sales dollars were up 21% over the same quarter last year. To meet the strong demand from around we’ve dedicated an incremental 5% of our production for various export markets. The US dollars’ value is working in our favor for exports and improving our ability to execute our global strategy. We know these market conditions won’t last forever so we’re making the most of them while we can. In chicken production we made improvements in efficiencies and will continue this work as part of our long-term strategy to optimize commodity business modes. Several profit improvement projects have been implemented and several more are planned or are in process. Some reduced the amount of chicken we move between plants, others focus on right sizing birds and minimizing trim. These and other projects will help us reach our goal of reducing poultry production costs which is key to the chicken segment’s success. We said it would be near the end of the fiscal year before we had a positive run rate in chicken. But now we think it will be longer because pricing quite frankly hasn’t seen its normal seasonal improvement. In addition we will incur about $200 million in additional grain cost over the same quarter last year and although we are working to offset some of this through risk management activities chicken will be difficult until these economics improve.  On the positive side our beef segment had a really strong quarter. The team has worked hard to improve operations by optimizing yield, staffing and capacity utilization which was up to 87.3% for the quarter as compared to 84.4% in Q3 2007. We resumed shipping beef to South Korea on July 15 and our products should be reaching the country any day now if they haven’t already. Despite the public protest we all saw in the news, demand is very strong and our customers are pleased they’ll be getting our beef. The initial shipments for the next 30 to 60 days are outstanding. Last month we announced the sale of our Canadian beef processing business, Lakeside is one of the premier processors in Canada and it was a successful part of our operations for many years. However Lakeside no longer fits Tyson’s long-term strategy as our current international strategy is focused primarily in Asia, Mexico and South America. The outlook for our beef business is good. Cow supply will experience its typical seasonal decline, the herd is getting smaller but in the fall and into our first quarter there should be ample cattle available for our plants to be able to run efficiently. Our pork segment performed very well in the third quarter with a spread significantly better than the industry’s average. Capacity utilization for the quarter was good at 84% compared to 80.5% in [Q3]. Pork exports are very strong especially to Japan and Mexico. Looking ahead, sow liquidation is likely to accelerate but there will be a 10 to 11 month lag in its affect on hog supplies. We expect to have plenty of hogs to run our plants very efficiently in the fall and early winter. Our prepared foods segment margin was below normalized range mostly because of a lag between input cost increases and pricing. Q3 was a record quarter for our consumer bacon business both in volume and in EBIT over the last four year. One of the key drivers was the expansion of our Right brand regional bacon to national distribution with some top customers. It has demonstrated strong growth in pounds sold. Third quarter sales volumes of tortillas to our food service national accounts were up 28% over Q3 of 2007 and up 14% from last quarter. We expect growth to continue into next year because many of our QSR customers are using tortillas in more applications such as breakfast burritos and wraps. We are using tortillas internally as well for our new deli wraps. These are being sold in the self-serve deli area of retail grocers and we achieved national distribution by gaining 100% of one retailer’s distribution centers. This is a great product for us because we are producing them using our own Mexican original tortillas, Tyson meats and sauces from out kettle cooked operations. It’s also a great example of strategic innovation. We’ve taken steps to streamline operations within our prepared foods by closing our York, Nebraska facility and shifting production to the meat processing operation in Emporia, Kansas. It’s always a difficult decision to close a plant but it was necessary to improve efficiency and long-term profitability. The fourth quarter should be good for our pepperoni business. We are maxing out capacity and improving prices. Supply is tight because of lost production at our Jefferson, Wisconsin plant due to the June floods in the Mid West. We incurred a $7 million charge related to the flood damage. However damage to the facility was kept to a minimum due the efforts of many Jefferson team members. Since the floodwaters have subsided they’ve been getting the plant cleaned up and ready for production. We plan to resume operations next Monday and by mid-August should be in business as usual. I want to say thank you to all those team members in Jefferson, because of you other team members can get back to their jobs and get on with their lives. There has been a lot of work around our strategy to build a multi national enterprise. So far this year we’ve announced two joint ventures for chicken production, Jiangsu Tyson Foods near Shanghai and Godrej Tyson Foods in India. We’re also in due diligence and gating government approval for the partial acquisition of a chicken processor in Eastern China. We’ll be making more announcements soon and will be making expenditures in the fourth quarter and into Q1 of fiscal 2009 to fund these acquisitions and joint ventures. There has been a lot of activity in our renewable products group as well. The increased value of byproducts both domestically and internationally has improved drop credit revenues to all time highs and continues to bolster our strategy to focus on margining up byproducts. In the past month we’ve reached two significant milestones for dynamic fuels which is the joint venture we formed with Syntroleum to convert low grade inedible fats and greases into renewable fuels for the military and civilian markets.  Three weeks ago we sanctioned construction of a production facility in Louisiana. Last week we selected a contractor; construction is expected to begin in October and be completed by the end of calendar year 2009. The project is on budget and on schedule to begin production in January of 2010. Whether its alternative fuels or new products innovation is an important part of our overall strategy. We want to be innovative in our marketing efforts as well which is why Tyson Foods is the proud sponsor of the 2008 and 2010 US Olympic Teams and creator of the Gold Medal Mom Contest. The Olympics begin next week and Tyson is providing approximately 25,000 of protein to the US Olympic Teams’ training center in Beijing.  We’re looking forward to watching these athletes compete on the world stage and we are very pleased to play a small role in helping them get there. To coincide with our Olympic Team sponsorship and our Thank You Mom marketing campaign, we created the Gold Medal Mom Contest. We invited people to tell us why their moms’ deserve a medal.  A team of judges including Olympic Gold Medalist Mary Lou Retton selected 25 finalists who were then voted on at our Gold Metal Mom website with the winner receiving a trip for two to the Beijing Olympics. The Gold Medal Mom program and events have been successful in promoting the Tyson brand and encouraging product trials. I should wrap this up so we can get to your questions, in closing I would say our outlook for Q4 is positive but market volatility will continue to be an issue. Input costs, especially corn and soybean meal are a serious concern. There seems to be some movement towards reviewing the government mandates for corn ethanol but I’m really doubtful that there will be any action taken that will affect our fourth quarter. As I said earlier our chicken segment won’t be positive in Q4 and its losses likely will be greater then Q3. Fortunately we have a diversified business model and earnings from the rest of our businesses should more then offset any losses in chicken and generate a more profitable quarter then Q3. If grains stabilize Q4 could be the worst quarter in this cycle for our chicken segment.  Now we are ready to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: I wanted to ask about your retail to food service split, was there a wide divergence in terms of volume across all three meats in retail versus food service performance and is there a margin mix there from your perspective that we have to worry about at all?
Richard Bond: Well, Q3 our split was actually no different then most quarters, in other words we saw increases in volume in both the QSR segment was very good but our retail segment was good as well and historically we really haven’t talked about the margin structures between retail and food service. As you know we have had some national account contracts that we’re still living with that were negotiated last fall which has certainly adversely affecting that somewhat. But other then that we haven’t given any kind of a major breakdown between the operating income between food service and retail.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: On the capital expenditure side, here we’re seeing some tough things going on in the industry presumably others cutting back a little bit and I know primarily your CapEx is going against some cost savings and productivity initiatives but I would think, geez for a chicken, meat and pork company there would be a lot of opportunity right now to stop spending on capital and realize some cash flow harvest at a time when others by necessity have to be doing that. Do you see CapEx shrinking over the next couple of quarters or how would you comment about that?
Richard Bond: I would say that we’ve developed some very definitive strategies around what we want to do. We need to keep spending on our domestic businesses, one just for maintenance CapEx but also to make sure that we are optimizing revenue and optimizing our cost structures. We did have significant expenditures in Q3 from a CapEx standpoint but we still believe that we’re going to be in that $400 million to $425 million range for the year which is adjusted down really from a little bit of what we had said earlier in the year. So one, we are trying to manage our CapEx accordingly.  But secondly I think to make sure that we continue on our renewable platforms and on our international platforms we will continue to do that. Now recognize we are going to get some significant capital back from Lakeside. If you look into both the purchase price and the working capital that’s almost $200 million that we’re going to be getting back towards the end of fourth quarter and in the very first part of Q1 of fiscal 2009.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: That’s great, when you look across others I guess and maybe you haven’t given this number in the past, or aren’t prepared to, but when you look at that $400 to $425 million in CapEx is you just segmented the part that is US meat production and processing would you say that would have trended up, down or flat year-over-year?
Richard Bond: It’s a little bit higher then 2007 as I recall because we had cut back pretty significantly in 2007 and with the number of facilities that we have you’re going to spend maintenance CapEx in that $225 million range no matter what you do just to keep world class facilities up and running and we’ve identified a lot things that we believe make sense to spend money on that have very good returns domestically. Most all but probably $20 million of that anticipated number of CapEx for this year would be domestic. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: You had mentioned that you’re working to improve your chicken operations how much cost savings do you anticipate that program to yield?
Richard Bond: If you recall at the end of Q2 we talked about spending $130 million in CapEx and believed that in fiscal 2009 we’d see close to $250 million of benefit from that $130 million and we still believe that to be the case. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: You had given us color about the fourth quarter for chicken being a greater loss then the third quarter is that because of less benefit from grain hedges, higher grain prices, weaker pricing? Could you just provide some color around that?
Richard Bond: It’s a combination of three things, remember we said we were going to have a grain impact meaning corn and soy of about $550 million for the year, through three quarters we’ve only had about $350 million. So we’ve got a $200 million grain impact year-over-year that’s going to affect Q4. We have not seen the normally more vibrant breast meat market yet this summer that we normally do so I would tell you pricing is still lagging and those are the two primary reasons why Q4 is not going to be as good as what we might have expected it to be. One, more grain costs then what we thought and two lagging prices on products. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: On prepared foods, you had noted that pricing is lagging input cost increases, do you anticipate that to catch up in the fourth quarter or how much of a lag do you anticipate going forward?
Richard Bond: A lot of our sales agreements there are based on average prices, in some cases from a month back and in some cases a quarter back and what that is, is we had some significant increases in some of our pork raw materials primarily in Q3 and yes, we do anticipate that we should catch up on some of them and there as well, on the prepared food side we are working to shorten that lag time to where there isn’t a quarter gap and trying to get that down to more of a monthly gap or a weekly gap instead of a quarter. Just trying to reduce and mitigate our exposure to these inputs and get them to catch up in sales price faster where they’re formulated. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: I’m going to ask you the same question I asked you last quarter which is really regarding the supply and demand in chicken and I know your long standing stance has been we’re going to match our supply to quality demand, but in light of what has happened this quarter in poultry and your expectations for the fourth quarter, how high is the quality of the demand if it doesn’t allow you to turn an operating profit and looking forward what do you see in terms of matching production to a level where you can actually recoup the higher grain prices?
Richard Bond: I’ve got three thoughts there, one if you go back over the course of the last few years we were the ones that took the industry lead and did make quite frankly over 5% production cuts ourselves. So it isn’t like we haven’t made production cuts in the past. We are going to continue to match supply and demand from a customer perspective. You do note that we did say that we were going to, I don’t want to use the word divert or work on an export basis to take an additional 5% of our output to go into the export markets. And that’s not just dark meat. So I believe that from a disappearance perspective we are doing what we said we were going to do. We’re going to match supply and demand and we are working hard to make sure that that is the case. We alone are not going to be the ones that are going to be able to get breast meat up to $1.90 or $2.00; this is something that demand is going to have to be decent. We have a lot of things that are coming on in the fourth quarter in terms of redoing some pricing, some new business. I think its taken a little bit longer but I think it speaks to the strength of the diversified business model and the beef and the pork and the prepared foods are mitigating the chicken losses and again I think that we’re at the end of this, we’re coming close to the end of the really, really hard times in my opinion and that’s how we’re going to continue to operate. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: On your comments on your food service contracting where you’re looking to fix in terms of volume and then have cost escalators built in how have your negotiations, how have the food service operators, how does that sit with them. Have they been accepting it, do they understand it, have they been pushing back? What’s your feeling on when you will actually get to a position to where you will be allowed to pass along the higher grain prices?
Richard Bond: They certainly understand it. There’s no doubt about that. We haven’t really gotten heavily into the season of renegotiating those contracts yet but we certainly have been talking to all of our food service national account and other customers about where we want to go and how we intend to deal with this. Remember as I said, assured supply has become, it’s the first time I’ve heard the word assured supply being an issue probably since I have been in the chicken business since 2001. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: And your aim is to have those 90 day contracts? Something shorter, something longer?
Richard Bond: Actually we didn’t give a time, but 90 days or less is really what we’re expecting to accomplish here when we get into the major renegotiation season. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just in terms of these accounts that are worried about assured supply is there any specific channel that seems more worried then another? Is there any particular commentary, is it that they’re worried about processors completely going away because we’re not seeing cuts significant enough at this point to suggest that there wouldn’t be enough chicken on the market. So is it a question of financial viability at this point? 
Richard Bond: I think part of that is that it is pretty common knowledge that in the long run the industry cannot continue the level of losses that are being incurred. So I think there is a concern just purely about the viability of the industry so I think that’s a concern number one. But I think importantly is making sure because chicken is such a critical part of the menu across all channels in food service, it is something that they feel that they have to have and I can’t tell you specifically whether its more in mid scale, more in casual or more in QSR because we have heard it from all three channels. So I think it’s just a concern. I think it’s a concern that most of us as competitors in the industry are talking to our customers about and eventually these cuts—you have seen the egg sets are finally down over 4%. These cuts are going to come to pass. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And that’s what’s giving you the confidence that Q4 is really going to be the bottom in the chicken cycle? 
Richard Bond: Again, given grains and given some grain stability which is something you can never count on, yes. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: On beef, obviously it’s been unbelievably strong here this summer despite relatively high prices, what do you attribute that to, is that a function of consumer demand, and is it strong retail sales? Do you expect that to continue into the fall?
Richard Bond: I do think it will continue into the fall. If you look at the volumes in Q3 which typically is some of your highest volume weeks we only had a slaughter level that reached 700,000 one week this whole summer. So I would tell you, and we’ve got weights on a year-over-year basis are down a little bit, I just think that the supply and the demand balanced there. It has been pretty good. We know that the herd is going to get a little bit smaller but I don’t think its going to get small enough that we can’t stay above an 82%, 83% cap utilization through most of Q4. Korea is starting here in July, has really, really been great. Our initial shipment orders are really outstanding. I think given the export demand as well as the balance that’s taken place between supply and demand, I look for Q4 to be very good in beef.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: So I guess I’m having a hard time reconciling though why beef continues to be so strong despite relatively high prices, and chicken which presumably is at low prices for this part of the year, why we can’t move more chicken. Is there a demand issue with chicken at this point? Do you believe that that has played a role in this lack of improvement that we’ve seen here this summer or is it a complete supply issue?
Richard Bond: I don’t think it’s a demand issue. As I said earlier we are still seeing very good demand from all sectors as well as our customers really wanting to reengineer products and working on that. I think it quite frankly relates a lot more to supply as a pinpoint issue then anything else. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: On the beef side staying strong, is it partially because of the export demand? How is that playing out in terms of keeping the beef pricing and beef [cut out] prices then higher than maybe if it was just a domestic issue?
Richard Bond: I think it is in the process of helping a lot. We have had good exports in addition to South Korea starting, not so much from Japan but from other parts of Asia, from Russia, from Mexico. So there has been a good demand from various parts around the world on beef. And I think as I said, that’s going to help increasingly more as we work our way through fourth quarter here. South Korea looks to be over the major issues and hurdles that it faced so again, I think that things look very good on the beef side for fourth quarter. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: If I think about the beef side for the fourth quarter and kind of going to what you’re saying is, the beef margins look like they’re actually getting stronger then the quarter we’re in, so if we were to look at it going forward do we just simply add the $50 million to whatever we think the beef margins are in that’s the recovery from the hedges? Is that how I think about it?
Richard Bond: I don’t know as I would tell you that margins are going to be incrementally stronger then third quarter but I do believe like you say, you can add that $45 million to $50 million back to Q4’s performance that we took the hit in Q3. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: On the chicken side, you’re going through a pretty—restructuring and a cost savings program, when do you expect your margins to be able to be ahead of the industry margins given your cost savings programs? Is this something is going to start working—say this cycle does bottom out in the fourth quarter but should you get a bigger rebound into 2009 then say if it was just the chicken cycle? How does that work out?
Richard Bond: I think you have a couple of factors there. I think that the $130 million of CapEx that we’re spending this year, it is going to take on an annualized basis we will get that $250 but it isn’t all going to come right away in first quarter. So I think that throughout 2009 you will see our chicken business incrementally get better as we go through the year. I’m not sure that I could pinpoint for you a point in time that says here’s where that occurs. But it is going to occur throughout 2009 and will get increasingly better as we go through the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: On the various JVs and I think you alluded to something in China coming soon, how much investment in total kind of coming to end, how do you placate the rating agencies on the idea that you’re stepping up these investments at a time where the base business is basically breakeven? 
Richard Bond: I would answer that by saying first of all, the amount of investment on an individual JV or acquisition basis are not huge investments. The numbers of them are significant and over time they do add up. If you think about the money that we’re going to return from Lakeside, it has a significant offset to what we’re going to anticipate spending in Q4 and the very early part of Q1 of 2009.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Regarding the—you made some political comments regarding about what’s going on in Washington, it seems like the industry is kind of getting it from both ends to the extent that the homeland security is enforcing labor issues and that’s a problem for the industry and then obviously you have some of the feed costs related to ethanol and yet you’re kind of very cautious as to what can happen politically as an adjustment to the RFS. At what point do you think Washington kind of gets that if things keep going this way, one the protein industry in the US is on sale which is why the Brazilians are coming in and maybe we don’t produce as much domestic protein in the future as it’s provided internationally.
Richard Bond: I think all those things are great points that we continually make. I’m not saying we can’t get anything done this fall, I think you see continued activity. There is more talk around mandates and tariffs now then there ever has been. It’s just a matter of generating enough bipartisan support to get anything done prior to an election. I really do believe that in time that these mandates will be altered. I firmly believe that will take place. The when is the big factor.  I think you have that and then I think you also have the index and the hedge fund situation like in energy, you have the same situation in commodities where there is a huge amount of increased activity in investing if you will, or speculating if you will, in the commodities markets and I think both ethanol and the index/hedge funds have increased the grain prices significantly. The $1.40, $1.35 reduction we’ve seen in corn over the month of July I think is—some of it is due to the fundamentals of better weather and increasing yield in the corn crop.  But I think a chunk of that is we saw some exiting from those commodities on the hedge fund and index side. So I think all those things have factors that we need to bear in mind here. But I am very hopeful that we will see congress act, hopefully the EPA will act on Governor Perry’s request on the petition. They were supposed to do that as of last week, but have moved that into August.  I’m still hopeful that we will see some changes here. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Your fleet of trucks, you’ve done a lot of backhauling and I think that’s generated depending upon the year $70 million, $80 million of EBIT as you kind of fill those trucks I guess with third party shipments and stuff, but with higher fuel is that line item a lower number now?
Richard Bond: Actually it’s pretty much held its own. As you probably do know fuel surcharges is something that has been part of the transportation industry for some time, so in our other segment which is where that historically has shown up, those numbers haven’t really changed significantly. Now that’s not the only thing that’s in other, but that’s been fairly consistent and actually has grown a little bit but again that’s not all due to trucks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: What is it going to take to really get a material reduction in egg sets, you pointed out egg sets were down 4%, but that was three Wednesday’s ago, and as corn prices came down, egg set deceleration decelerated itself and it was 3% last week and 2% this week, did something change to the cost structure of the small manufacturer relative to you in terms of as grain costs are a larger percent of total cost and you have less fixed cost operating leverage, is the playing field uneven slightly is that why egg sets aren’t coming down so much? 
Richard Bond: I’m not sure that I know the answer as to why egg sets—you look at them on a week to week basis sometimes can not really tell the whole story. I still think that while they jump around from 4% to 3% to 2% and back to 4% I still think that you are in the process of seeing a reduction in supply. As to who has an advantage or doesn’t have an advantage, everybody has to let the grain cost flow through inventory so I think everybody has to all—the chicken industry has to deal with that fundamentally and matter of factly as we go, but I’m not sure that I can give you any more definitive color, rationale or reasoning around why necessarily egg sets do what they do. 
Dennis Leatherby: And the other thing that we’re looking at is that the pound production being slaughtered through these plants has come down from a year-over-year of 7% down to closer to the 100% level and we’re expecting that to continue to come down. We have had an extraordinary growing season from a weather standpoint so the weights have been up quite a bit. So we feel like there is a bit of a killing-forward going on that we would see the numbers come down further. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: If grain prices stabilize you’re talking about Q4 maybe being the bottom in chicken, what happens if corn goes back to $7, how much further does that push out the bottom would you estimate?
Richard Bond: Basically we already have all the grain, if you think about what we’re going to sell in Q4, the grain is already primarily in the chickens. So it’s a matter of if it goes back to $7 it’ll be impacting kind of the mid late Q1 and into Q2. So it really then depends upon what happens to supply, how much are we going to be able to pass through, how much are we going to be able to align inputs with pricing and how important does assured supply really come into play at the time when we do have to make these contracts. I believe that’s going to be a big factor going forward. The consumer really hasn’t felt the $6 and $7 grain markets yet either on beef, pork or chicken. So we are going to see the affects of that coming through at some point in time. I believe that we’re going to see better yields on corn then what USDA is currently predicting. I’m hopeful that we won’t see a huge jump back up in corn here in the short-term. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On the mandate discussion, what do you think happens if there’s some alteration to the mandate? It just seems to me that with wholesale gasoline anywhere between $0.50 to $0.80 premium to ethanol and I’m just going to forget about the tax credit, it seems to me that ethanol is being used and its probably going to be blended above the existing mandate simply because there’s a huge economic arbitrage to the blender, what do you think happens or changes if there’s some alteration to the mandate?
Richard Bond: I think that largely depends upon what the cost of grains are. If you think back to the month of June when grains were where they were the ethanol producer really wasn’t making any money. So it largely is dependent to some degree on the price of grains and the relative price of gasoline. If you drop back the mandates it’s hard to say what will happen. You could very well be right. If the economic signals are there for ethanol to continue at where the mandates are now, we could very well continue to use just as much corn.  I somehow don’t think that will be the case but you could be right. If the economic drivers say that there’s enough profitability there, especially with the tax credit in there which really accounts for over $1 a bushel right there, you could very well see the number of gallons going into ethanol continue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Just looking at your numbers on beef, even if I give you credit for that $75 million mark-to-market loss, it looks like your margins were below industry averages and also below national beef that reported numbers in their 10-Q. Can you give me a reason for that?
Richard Bond: There’s only one reason that I can give you and that is during this quarter our case ready business which is part of the beef segment, we went through a substantial change in our packaging and we really didn’t have any contribution at all from case ready in Q3, which overall did impact negatively what we would have normally had for our Q3 margins on beef. Other then that, running 87.3% cap utilization we are running a very, very good beef business.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Doesn’t that mean that fiscal Q4 should be setting up to be just a blockbuster number by those figures just because July industry margins are so good and then you have another $50 million coming, the mark-to-market hedge and then is case ready going to be a positive impact in Q4? What should we be thinking about for Q4?
Richard Bond: Q4 case ready will not get back to its normal margin structure but we do believe it will be positive. Q4 is setting up to be a blockbuster quarter. It truly is. I can’t always—I always hate to do that the first of August because we got nine weeks left in the quarter and often times things can change that you don’t anticipate. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: On chicken you said that if grain stabilizes you think that Q4 would be a weaker margin then Q3, did I hear that right in your prepared remarks and why is it—does that mean if grain gets more expensive it would get even worse?
Richard Bond: I think what I was trying to convey there that Q4 was more or less could be the low point of the cycle on chicken as much as anything assuming grains were to stabilize in this range where they are today. I really wasn’t trying to isolate that to anything more then that. 
Dennis Leatherby: Remember he was emphasizing that grain would be incremental $200 million over a year ago.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Are you hearing any reports of more ethanol plants firing up facilities in the Mid West? I’m reading newsletters that indicate that, that they bought cheap corn months and months ago and if so doesn’t that also make you little bit worried that maybe some smaller chicken players might be increasing production as well? 
Richard Bond: I really haven’t—I don’t know the answer to the first part of your question that says that there are either more ethanol plants and/or a higher level of efficiency or utilization. I don’t know that answer to that question. I would say though that given $200 million more dollars in grain in Q4, I--
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Not worried about the chicken.
Richard Bond: Right. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: With the substantial move in grain in the month of July should we be, and your pessimistic remarks about chicken, should we be assuming that you are expecting a mark-to-market hedging loss in that outlook? How do we think about that. 
Richard Bond: In chicken?
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Yes. Well in corn related to chicken. 
Richard Bond: You should not be necessarily anticipating a mark-to-market loss in chicken. 
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Why not if you’re long, prices came down, what am I missing here?
Richard Bond: I don’t know exactly what you’re missing or not missing, but we don’t really talk about our actual hedge positions but from a hedge position standpoint not everything is going to be mark-to-market. So we don’t anticipate a significant mark-to-market quarter end adjustment in chicken in Q4.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: With regard to kind of what equilibrium demand would be right now in chicken, you mentioned that pounds slaughtered is roughly flat year-over-year, where would you put equilibrium for the market given what’s happened in exports and the domestic. In other words below that, prices should rise above it, pressure should fall. 
Richard Bond: I think there’s been a lot of external prognostication and guessing as to what that may or may not do. I’ve seen a number of different reports that would indicate that if you were slightly over the 5% to 6% range, that that would have a—in total that would have a significant impact on prices. 
Operator:  This concludes the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Richard Bond.  
Richard Bond: Well thank you for joining us today. Third quarter was—had some really good things to it. It had some things that continued volatility and continued input costs that we had to deal with. I would just tell you that we believe in our strategies. We believe in what we’re doing. We believe in our team members and we believe in the long-term increase in shareholder value for Tyson Foods. Again thanks for joining us and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener - VP, IR and Assistant Secretary Richard L. Bond - President and CEO Wade D. Miquelon - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ann Gurkin - Davenport and Company Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener. Ma'am, you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener - Vice President, Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods second quarter conference call. With me today are Dick Bond, our President and CEO, and Wade Miquelon, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin to discuss the operating performance for the quarter, I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today may include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today, which means things could change so I would encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that the can affect our business. I'll now turn the call over to Dick Bond.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ruth and good morning and welcome to Tyson Foods second quarter conference call. As you saw on our release this morning, GAAP earnings for the quarter were minus $0.02 a share. However, this result included plant closings and asset impairment charges of $0.08 a share. If you adjust for those, we would have made $0.06 a share in Q2. Pork delivered its best January through March quarter ever. The Beef segment showed significant improvement over Q1 as well, despite difficulties with our Canadian subsidiary. Beef improved $74 million over the first quarter of this fiscal year including charges of $25 million for plant closings and asset impairments. The chicken segment still suffers from higher and more volatile grain prices due to increased demand from ethanol producers and international markets driven in part by the weak dollar. On our first quarter call, we predicted grain costs for the fiscal year would exceed $0.5 billion and its now looking like more than $600 million, including the rising cost of wheat, cooking oil and other feed ingredients, additional input costs for the fiscal year could approach as much as $1 billion more than in fiscal '07. I'll give you more color around the segments later, but I think our second quarter performance demonstrates our multi-protein business model can position us relative to our competition. Whatever primary competitive advantages, is our expertise in the food industry whether it's in retail or food service. Our customers rely on us, especially in the current economy. Consumers have altered their approach to where they eat and how much they spend, although restaurant traffic overall hasn't changed significantly. Consumer spending is down, especially in the casual and mid-scale dining. We have been inundated with customer requests to reformulate existing products or develop new ones to drive more value. But whether people eat at home or away from home, or whether they want chicken, beef or pork, Tyson has the depth and breadth of products to meet consumer's changing needs. Now, I'm going to turn the call over to Wade to talk to you about our financial results for Q2. Wade?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dick. Overall, I'm very pleased with our results. As stated in Q2 '08, we achieved GAAP earnings of minus $0.02 a share despite ongoing challenges in the business environment. This compares to earnings of $0.19 per share in Q2 '07 and $0.10 per share last quarter. Q2 '08 results include charges of $0.08 per share for plant closings and asset impairments using a 39% marginal tax rate. Given some of the short-term challenges we've been facing, particularly in higher grain and other input costs, these results illustrate the benefit of having a very diverse multi-protein portfolio. Volume was roughly flat and pricing per unit was up 2.4%. While we have seen some price increases in chicken and beef, pork pricing was weaker year-over-year primarily as a result of ample short-term supply. Our year-over-year sales improved for the quarter by 2% or a $111 million on better pricing, and was up roughly 3% netting out the effect of divesting two commodity chicken plants in fiscal year '07. We finished the quarter at a debt level of around $2.95 billion, which puts our debt-to-capital ratio at 38.3%. This represents a $248 million increase versus the end of Q1 and this debt increase is due to deferral payment timing at the end of Q1 for hogs and cattle, as well as an increase in inventory balance, primarily as a result of appearing for major customer promotions and the timing of shipments to major international locations. Capital expenditures for Q2 '08 were a $110 million compared to $50 million for Q2 '07. And importantly, for the fiscal year-to-date, we have invested around $100 million in profit improvement projects. That is projects that go beyond our normal requirements of maintenance and facilities. It should be noted that we are revising our fiscal year '08 capital budget downward to approximately $400 million from our previous estimate of $425 million to $475 million. Pork performed extremely well and above our normalized target range at almost an 8% operating margin due to continuous strong export sales and ample hog supplies in an environment of higher operating cost. Our Prepared Food segment performed reasonably well but was slightly below our normalized range with the primary cost being the timing of input cost increases versus price formula and ongoing related price increases. We started the quarter with significant losses and improved dramatically midway to the quarter as a result of our moves to improve efficiencies via plant restructuring, and also a better overall balance of capacity versus available cattle. As predicted chicken operating earnings were negative as chicken price increases lag the substantial grain price increases we have seen over the past several months. Specifically for the quarter, the negative grain impact was a $102 million versus Q2 '07. For the fiscal year as Dick has said, we estimate our corn and soy cost alone will be approximately $600 million higher than year ago prior to some risk management offsets. And when adding other cost increases and other inputs our year-over-year cost base is approaching $1 billion. While some of these cost increases can be offset via internal cost efficiencies, the vast majority of these will need to be covered via price increases, which we have initiated and we'll continue to work over the next several quarters. Dick will discuss the segments in more detail in a few minutes. Last quarter we temporarily withdrew our guidance due to the magnitude of input market volatility, timing and anticipated price increases and continued uncertainly in beef. While some issues, for example, beef markets and price increase timing maybe clearer now than three months ago. Grain and other inputs remain very volatile, so we have chosen not to reissue guidance at this time. I know you're are all aware of the unprecedented volatility we're are seeing in grain and other commodities and as you are all aware of the causes, such as increased risk management positions, significant moves in energy and the like. This volatility could ultimately demote quarterly volatility in earnings, in particular to fairly sizable mark-to-market positions that we may be carrying at any particular point in time. Ironically, while downward price movements in grain is positive for the long-term health and earnings of the business, short-term downward moves in grain could lead to sizable negative quarterly earnings, due to mark-to-market changes and similar outstanding positions. Further, compounding future short-term P&L volatility, certain commodity daily price movement limits have recently been increased. For perspective, if we were to have only 10,000 outstanding corn contracts at any particular point in time, four days of consecutive limit-up or limit-down moves will generate a $110 million in absolute P&L swing for mark-to-market accounting. This equates to roughly plus or minus $0.19 per share over those four days and those theoretical number of positions. Last quarter, we mentioned grain would have a much bigger impact in Q2 than Q1, due to the timing of major rise in input cost, as well as related P&L inventory flow through effects. We will continue to see this cost step up in effect in Q3 and Q4 as well, as more impact from the price increases continue to mitigate this effect. In summary, we said in our last conference call that we believe our second quarter would likely be our most challenging and we still believe that to be true. In closing, I remain very confident about the prospects for Tyson Foods. Our core strategies are right, and we continue to execute them with excellence. The markets are adjusting and we will continue to turn challenges into opportunities and expand our lead as the world's number one provider of protein and protein solutions. And now I'll pass on to Dick for the review of the segments.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Wade. Now, I will give you some more detail on our segments and our other groups within our business. The chicken segment has been difficult, but we've have managed it reasonably well under the circumstances. We are getting pricing, but it isn't keeping pace with inputs. We need some help from the underlying markets, for example breast meat and leg quarters. We believe this will happen, but it could be near the end of the fiscal year, before we have a positive run rate in chicken. We are seeing the emergence of chicken as a breakfast trend in quick service restaurants. This is very promising from a consumption standpoint, because it doesn't cannibalize lunch and dinner consumption. National chains are promoting chicken heavily which is certainly beneficial for Tyson. In consumer products chicken, according to Nielson data, we've had a 28% dollar-volume increase in our Boxed Chicken products as a result of Any'tizers and nearly 13% in bagged products. We also have had very successful daily promotions around football and college basketball games in February and March. On the production side of the chicken business, the past several months we've have been working diligently to improve our cost structure. We are doing this primarily through three avenues; red meat mix, improving yield and increasing flexibility within our planes. Our goal by the end of the year is to have 10% of our mix in big birds and we are accomplishing this by converting three poultry complexes to bigger birds with plans for more next year. There are dozens of exciting innovative profit improvement projects underway, around yield improvement and plant flexibility to reduce the amount of chicken moved, among our plants. We are spending about a $130 million in capital improvements over the course of this fiscal year with a projected annualized savings double our investment and we expect to continue investing in 2009, as we optimize poultry plants throughout the company. As we've gone through the process of evaluating our plans and improving our cost structure, we've had to make some changes. As we announced in February, we're closing a plant in Wilkesboro, North Carolina that produced our roasted chicken products. This was our further processing plant, therefore, it didn't affect our overall chicken output. And that brings me to the issue of chicken supply. Many of you have been asking about our production plans. Our plan is the same, is to balance our production to meet the needs of our customers. And right now, our demand is good. And in some channels is just playing outstanding. Therefore, we currently don't have any plans to reduce production. Moving to the beef segment; I'm really pleased with the turn around we've had. Beef improved $74 million over the first quarter of this year excluding charges of $25 million for plant closings and asset impairments, beef would have had almost a $100 million quarter-to-quarter improvement. This is even more significant considering Q2 is usually our most difficult for beef. Capacity utilization was approximately 77% and according to USDA data, our spread was notably better than the industry average. We are pleased South Korea will be opening up to our exports. The USTR negotiating team did a great job in achieving acceptance of all ages of cattle. I'm confident the team will move quickly to reach a comparable agreement with Japan, hopefully over the next six months. Restructuring of our operations in Emporia, Kansas was very difficult for our team members and the community, but it was definitely the right thing to do. We're now seeing the improved efficiencies we expected. Overall, supply and demand have been in reasonably good balance for the past several weeks. I think beef will continue to improve, and our capacity utilization should move into the 80s. We're resuming exports to South Korea, and we are heading into the grilling season. Now onto pork, I mentioned this earlier, but I want to reiterate how well our pork segment has performed for the first half of fiscal '08. We had unusually good margins due to favorable market conditions in addition to our own internal focus on efficiency. Our capacity utilization was 90%, and our spread per hogs was significantly better than the industry average. I want to acknowledge the great work our Fresh Meat's group has done with the pork business. I'm pleased to say Tyson Foods will be the exclusive pork supplier for the US military commissaries in the US and Puerto Rico. This is the first time one supplier will have all the business, and that's the testament to our product quality and service. As in the side, although related to government contracts, Tyson's ethics and compliance programs was ranked 21st out of thousand of the largest federal government contractor programs by Ethisphere Institute, a national organization dedicated to ethics in business. Coming back to the pork segment, I think going forward pork will continue its great performance, although it probably won't be as strong as the first half of the year. In the prepared food segment, price and volume had a negative impact. Overall input cost remained relatively flat. Grain prices affected our tortilla and pizza crust businesses, but we're partially offset by a lower pork prices for pizza toppings, baking, and other pork products. We have two big success stories coming out of prepared foods. One is for a National Quick-Service Restaurant chain that challenged us to develop a range of new burger ideas. Test marketing went to so well, the new burger using a sauce and concept we developed, launched at the end of March. Another national account customer is using our sauce in one of its new pasta offerings currently in heavy promotions. These are excellent examples of our culinary and customer development teams working with our customers in the discovery center to come up with interesting new products and build incremental sales. In the third quarter, I expect prepared foods will have results similar to second quarter performance due to rising input costs and volatility. In our international business second quarter box beef volume was up 46.5% granted from a small base compared to the same period last year, while box pork was up nearly 25%. The weak U.S. dollar is making protein a good value and is opening potential new export markets for chicken. This is helping our geographic diversification of light quarters and reducing our reliance on the Russian market. In February, we announced the creation of the Jiangsu Tyson Foods, a joint venture with a Chinese poultry company. We are working on two additional integrated poultry opportunities in Asia, as well as, two in Brazil. Looking ahead total international sales are projected at $3.7 billion for the year, which is 23% above fiscal '07. And finally, our Renewable Products group delivered a record quarter in operating income, primarily from rendering operations. I'd like to give you an update on where we are with renewable fuels. As you might know, our strategic alliance with ConocoPhillips began producing next generation renewable diesel in December. We have been averaging around 300 barrels a day and have tested up to 1000 barrels per day and now we're jointly developing scale up plans for more output. On the construction of our dynamic fuels plant, the site environmental work is nearly complete, final engineering is nearing completion and equipment requiring a long lead time has been ordered. In addition, we have applied for a taxed advantage, growth goal opportunity zone, financing for the State of Louisiana which would offer favorable interest terms for the project. Before we take your questions, I want to say a few more things about the grain markets. Our annual cost of corn and soybean meal expenditures have doubled from $1 billion to $2 billion since 2006. We can't raise prices fast enough to keep up with the rising cost of our inputs. Consumers are concerned about the prices they're paying now, but the cost we and other producers in all food chains are currently incurring are only beginning to be passed on to the consumers. It's going to get much worse, if we continue down this path of diverting corn to ethanol production. Higher food cost is one of the many unintended consequences of the corn based ethanol mandates and subsidies the U.S government put in place in 2007. The intensions were good, reduce our dependence on petroleum and encourage the use of environmentally beneficial fuel. Unfortunately, that isn't what's happening. 2007 ethanol production will replace only 3% of the US oil imports. The fact is we can't grow enough corn in this country to make a damped in our petroleum dependency. It takes a bushel of corn to produce 2.75 gallons of ethanol. The government mandates the use of 9 billion gallons of ethanol in 2008. That will take 3.2 billion bushels of corn or close to 30% of the expected crop. The entire world's grain crops could replace only 5% of global oil products. Diverting corn to ethanol doesn't make economic sense. The cost to produced gallon of ethanol is twice what it cost to produce a gallon of gas. Ethanol has created over $12 billion in US household income, but it costs the rest of the economy $24.5 billion, a two-to-one cost for only $1 gained. I read a report last month that explained how US biofuel policy has failed on two major criteria of public policy, efficiency and equity. It is inefficient because it raises the price on feedstocks to artificially higher levels, which increases costs for other uses such as food. It is inequitable because higher food costs disproportionately affect the people who can least afford it. Essentially, it's a regressive tax on the poor, and not only the poor in America. Ethanol mandates in subsidies along with tariffs on ethanol imports are causing a world food crisis. Shortages and higher prices mean many people around the world are spending the majority or all of their income on food. Those who can't are starving. The number of peoples suffering from hunger has been predicted to decline from 800 million to 625 million by 2025. But because of our current ethanol policy, it is now expected to decline to 1.2 billion. Hunger relief is a cause near and dear to us at Tyson. It has been the primary focus of our company's public service and charitable giving. It is terribly discouraging to see hunger suddenly get worse when we've been working a years to combat this problem. As for the environment, the land, energy, water and fertilizer needed to make ethanol more than offset any environmental gains. Ethanol production is having a negative impact on the environment in many ways and I'm sure you've seen this in the news over the past few months. To stop this snowball effect on unintending consequences, Congress must putt an end to our misguided ethanol policy now. I'll get down off my soapbox now and wrap this up. Everyday I come to work and see smart, talented, dedicated people striving to do the best in class in innovation, customer service, efficiency and profitability. Considering the economy and the volatile markets, I think they are doing a great job. You may not be able to see the results at this time, but I believe we continue to lay the groundwork for impressive things to come. So I give my thanks to all the Tyson team members for their work and to all our shareholders, who continue to see the long-term potential for Tyson Foods. And now I'll turn the call over to Marcella for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. We can now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Farha Aslam. Your line is open. Stephens Incorporated
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: Thank you. Good morning.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good Morning
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: Congratulations on a great quarter considering the environment.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: I have some question, first on chicken. I think you had mentioned, you were spending $130 million to improve your chicken operations?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: And is that all this year?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That will be spent this year… approved and spent in this fiscal year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: So then… and you said that you expect 2x benefits. So, kind of going into next year, we could double that and say, kind of that's would be the cost savings your chicken division would realize?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: We would expect the benefits unless other things change. We would expect the benefits of these expenditures to be twice what we expect, I mean we're not going to get them all in once for, but over time that $130 million will be $260 million in potential savings.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: And so, when you think about normalized margins in chicken, you've historically said they are kind of around 5% to 7%, would that change it or just kind of help you meet that given the current grain environment?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would tell you that that doesn't necessarily change it. It will help us meet. It maybe help us get to the higher end of the range, but I would not want to say that that should change our chicken segment earnings to a different level.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: Okay. And..
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Farha are you there?
Operator: One moment please. Go ahead Ms. Farha Aslam.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: Hi, Dick.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am here.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: Okay, great. Just, kind of what you think about pricing for chicken going into the summer? How much of that, almost billion dollar hit that Europe high take for this year do you think you can offset with pricing?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's a great question and one that, we really don't have any answer for. Because as I said, part of this is going to rely on the underlying markets, like the quoted commodity markets for breast meat, and leg quarters, and wings, and tenders. And we don't really know at this point how quickly or how much those underlying markets are going to go up. We know they are going to go up, we just don't know the rate. So, I am reluctant to tell you that we are going to recover x%, but I would tell you through efficiencies, through risk management efforts, and through pricing, our goal is to try and offset this, as much as we can and as I said, I think by towards the end of Q4, we will be in a positive run rate.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: Right. And my final question is with the farm bills, did you get any clarity on country of origin, labeling particularly as it relates to beef and pork?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we don't have any clarity yet as far as I know. They are still negotiating even as we speak on the final of what a farm bill might look like. So no, there has not been anything definitive as of yet, at least to the best of my knowledge.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Incorporated: Great, thank you very much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson. Sir your line is open.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Good morning, Dick and Wade.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: I'm trying to figure out to think about this in is… I think you've essentially told us that pork supplies will decline and when if we see that and we see hog prices rising and pork prices rising and probably the same scenario for beef. So that sort of drags along your biggest segment and I think this what you're just saying Dick, but I'm trying to get you to maybe to elaborate on it. So there is the impact of pricing but there is also the impact of competing proteins and what that will do to chicken prices? Am I getting that right?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well. I think you are right. I mean this grain inputs are hitting everybody. The producers whether you are in chicken, beef or pork right now are… have taken a huge, huge loss, well. Eventually that's going have to change and every odd boats are going to come to a new level of tide water because oil prices have to go up. So, I think the chicken typically, is one of your better values from the standpoint of protein and generally speaking if there are trade-offs, often times, you will trade chicken. Much revived if I've have answer your question, though.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: I think that's right. I mean, obviously, you are not backward integrated in any meaningful way in beef and pork. So you don't directly bear those costs. But there is a lot of leverage in beef and pork prices given what's happening with the liquidation it seems.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I concur with you.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Okay.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The international markets too, just the continued opening and the fact that U.S. protein is a great value, is going to meet your… you are going to see more of more of the supply overseas, which will provide pricing support at home.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Great. A Wade. Did you say, if there was any mark-to-market hedge impact in the Q2?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We did not say specifically. I mean obviously, you can see the overall hedge positions, but lots of time the offset ends up in COGS, so you can't tell the true balance of it.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: And you are not going to tell us?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're not going to. I mean obviously as you know we've always hedged some, but not ever hedged fully and we don't like to disclose the exact position.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And Dick, you've talked a bit about the fuels, what might… 300 to 1,000 barrels a day is pretty meaningless, but what might have these say year from now?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if the economies continue to make sense, I mean our goal was to get up to about 12,000 barrels. In order to do that, we need to go to three different Conoco refineries to get that done. I'm not sure of the pace of that, I do believe that we will some substantial changes. So, I think we'll be at 12,000 in a year, probably not, but I would say we've got a good chance of being well over 50% of the way within a year.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Thanks very much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, Dick, your tone has changed rather dramatically since February at CAGNY. Can you just give us a little idea of, I mean, your tone has really just changed from kind of being very subdued to seemingly a lot more positive. What are you seeing that's making you that positive?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think there is a number of things. One, I think beef is… really has any opportunity to do well going forward. I think, that was a big drain. If you think about Q1, I mean Q1 beef lost $85 million. So, the $100 million change around from Q1 to Q2 will make anybody a little bit more rosy. Secondly, I think it was very surprised or happily surprised at how well our pork segment did as well. So I think those two are very, very positive and I think they'll both do well going forward here for the balance of the year. Chicken is something that we're going to have to deal with. We knew, we were going to have to deal with the grains and the volatility in grains, and I think that we are managing that well and I am really very pleased with the progress that we're making from an operational efficiency standpoint, as well as our sales and marketing people both innovating and working on getting prices up were appropriate.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And, two points that you kind of mentioned in that. In your cost structure side of it, how do you asses or how could we asses, how much better you are doing relative to your industry, and where have you been, and where you're going, in terms of your cost structure relative to your industry? Because, I think you said on your beef side, as well as your chicken side you outperformed the industry? How could we get a better sense of that?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, I said on beef and on pork, we were better than the industry spreads, which would really be a gross margin type of a statement. And, you can't do that because, you can look at our results, you can look at the spreads for beef and pork that are printed. So, you can come to that same conclusion yourselves. On chicken as I said, last quarter we have gone back to utilizing agro stats, and I think that's been a big help to us to identify where our strengths and weaknesses are and it allows us to focus on those weaknesses and where we need to improve. I go back and say, I'm lot more optimistic, probably not as somber, feel good, feel better about going forward.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then in terms of South Korea, I know, there's a lot of factors around it, but if you find this in isolation, purely as an event, excluding the change in cattle supplies, change in beef prices, how much would that impact your beef packer margins or your beef margin, if we just take that in isolation?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: If you…
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Just, the impact of South Korea, opening up on the Offal products, obviously, you get a lot more money on your Offal, you got a lot more money certain meat, such as, go to South Korea specifically, how much would that enhance your margin structure, if you just were to take it in isolation?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know the answer to that is one it'll vary, but I'm going to give you a range and this would be revenue, now there might be, there is some cost that might offset this, but we would expect somewhere between $12 and $18 ahead in additional revenue from South Korea on all head.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: And that won't be day one. That would be when we get back up to 2003, three BSC levels, that will be, that should be expected impact.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And, my last question is, in the corner, your beef factor margin seemed to be much stronger in February, than January- March, how is the run rate running right now? Is it above or below the quarter at this point?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, right now, I would tell you that… in the first week or so of the April, were a little bit not as good as parts of February and March, but here recently, they've probably gotten back closer to those kinds of levels that we saw.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler of Merrill Lynch.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Just a question on your comments on the production side for chicken… you know, I kind of look at… I hear what you're saying about matching your supply with demand, you obviously have a good book of business, especially with what you've done on the R&D side and product development, but also just taking your comments about, you know, we're looking for pricing coming from the industry etcetera, and I… you know I'm having… struggling a little bit trying to bring those two together, because obviously you're a large player within the industry. Wouldn't it seem wise at this point, given we're moving into the peak demand side where you generally see the best pricing to kind of tighten up supply a little bit, particularly with what your competitors have said, PPC and some of the smaller players, so that you can see that burst in acceleration in pricing that you normally get in the summer rather than just kind of taking demand. I'm just getting concerned that you're, it's kind of a demand at any price, which is obviously not a position of strength. Could you comment on that a little bit?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know Diane, I look back and I'd just say, over the course of the last three or four or five years, when margins got difficult, we were the ones that did some adjusting, and when we adjusted, the rest of the industry just filled right back in behind us in this and there were no changes except by us. And I guess at some point in time you say, we've closed a number of facilities, we've done what we can overtime to contribute and we are done contributing. We believe we've got a good book of business as you said and we believe that where we are is where we want to stay.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Do you think it would be fair to say that because you have other a sole protein company and that you have other businesses that seem to be performing well, I mean obviously beef much better than what I was looking for given the industry conditions we saw at the end of '07, and obviously pork, an exceptional quarter in pork that you're willing to kind of use of position of strength in those divisions just sort of pushback chicken a little bit harder, to see if you can get a little bit more disciplined from the smaller players is that you quarter--?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't know if I'd say using the position of strength, I think what we said along is we're going to match our supply and demand. We're not going to cut beyond that and then go out and buy open market meat to subsidize other people's growth. We're not going to be stupid either. And I'll produce what we have good quality demand force. So I think that's simple as it is. We're just making sure that we supply with our own products, good quality demand, nothing more, nothing less.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, would you expect--?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd add to that to say that we are a diversified protein seed. I mean we participate in all three proteins. And I think it only makes sense for us to optimize each particular protein as we go forward. So being a multi-protein, as I said in my earlier comments is a good thing at this point in time.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Would say you think production… your production this year when we look back for fiscal '08 would be up 2%, up 3% flat?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we've disclosed what that number is. I can tell you it won't be down.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Well, just you know in the past you had said, we expect to be up with the industry and we think the industry is going to be upward whatever at 3% and then I think it can mean, walk back from that a little bit but…
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are right. I think the industry has changed. Diane, I don't think the industry will be up that much anymore, we have seen some sizable declines here lately in egg sets and placements. So, we're going to be up a little bit but probably not a significant amount, not as much as we might have once anticipated.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. And I guess, on the… Wade, some of your comments about the mark-to-market and just dealing with a large hedge position and what that can do to you, specially if you have changes in prices at the end of the quarter and kind of setting guidance et cetera, could you just… could you walk us through kind of $0.19 swing on a hedge position that you… I think you said 10,000 contracts is that, would that be a typical position for you? I realize you are just giving it to us to illustrate but I guess I am just trying to get my hands around kind of what is the true level of volatility from, from your mark-to-markets for the quarter?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say that in general it would be at least that much.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: At least that much.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean, as I said we're never going to be fully hedged and we're never going to be fully empty as well. But that would be in general and my opposition, especially when you add in the impact of other items we might hedge such as, soy, wheat, et cetera.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Do you think that, sort of given the way of accounting, as in you are not the only company that I have heard this from, who deals with hedges? Do you think that we should just go forward expecting you're not going to reinstate guidance at any point?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I mean, I wouldn't say that necessarily. I just think, right now, again, this volatility is something that this market has never seen. If you look at the number of limit-up, limit-down days over the past quarter or two, it's fairly unimpressive and that the bans have widened here. But I wouldn't say that this is fact though. I think we're working our way through it and figuring out how to drive more and more about pricing agreements to push more and more of the risk downstream. That could also change it as well. So, I think we'll see. But I am just wondering about perspective because really we need to do first and foremost what's right for the business and we do have this huge exposure. So hedging to some degree, especially where we have fixed agreements is the right thing do. And the accounting matter is something separate.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Right. But wouldn't you say it's fair to say that we're going to see this level of volatility for the next, I don't know how many quarters, but it doesn't seem like it is going to abate at anytime soon, based on what we see in the markets today in terms of gain volatility?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you're right. Grain volatility is going to continue, but I think, what will make me more comfortable about given guidance is if that's the only huge variable we have to deal with, I mean, this whole idea of when we can get pricing, how many more bushels of corn are going to go into ethanol. I mean there are some other factors that, I think if we can get some better vision around some of these other things, I think, just volatility in grains alone… I am not sure that will keep up from given guidance. But my goal would be, is to give guidance. Again, we said we were going to temporarily suspend it and once we have a clear view and can knock out some of these variables, we will work to do that again.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, all right. Well, I appreciate your commentary on that. Thank you.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Diane.
Operator: Next question comes from Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Hey Dick, I was a little surprised of your comments in beef, clearly in the near- term with the Emporia plant closure you're doing a lot better there. And there is plentiful supplies in the near-term. But if you look forward and given the losses in the feeding industries, that they are seeing and the big drop in placements last month and probably an even bigger, most certainly a bigger drop in the next month, how are you so positive on the outlook for beef into later this year maybe into '09?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Christine, my original comments were really around Q3 and into more into the balance of this fiscal year. I never really did speak of fiscal '09. However, I will tell you that I think that from the standpoint of the efficiency and being as good a operator as we can possibly be, we're going to be in that position for fiscal '09. Now, what's going to happen with the underlying gross margins spreads and how much will supply decline? Nobody really knows the answer to that question here at it this point.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: But, if you do expect a contraction, further contraction in the herd and you already looking at well, somewhat of an imbalance in the industry with packing capacity, specifically, wouldn't this make the situation worse and get us back right where we were, that's why you guys took the proactive step of shutting Emporia?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I don't think so. If you look at some of the other positives, yes, I think overall in the long run, prices are going to have to be higher, there's not two ways about it. But I think if you take South Korea, you add in the fact that I feel very confident that we will see Japan, hopefully follow suit here, like I said within the next four to six months. I mean I think there is some positive things out there that can offset a slight decline in volume. I mean whenever you see a decline in volume, you don't see multiple, percentage points decline. Its usually a rather guarded and small decline that occurs. So, I think the industry can live with that, and I think we can live with it.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. Just then in chicken then you talked about your push towards big bird de-boning and clearly the economics there makes sense in the long run, but in terms of the breast meat market as it stands today is in my view below where it's historically been seasonally and from a kind of a supply-demand balance. I'm wondering, did you look at the breast meat market and think that you're going to see again a nice resurgence on production cuts, or is it that the economics there for you, kind of justified that movement to big bird de-boning?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a combination of another things… of a number of things. One, it's improved technology and what you can do with bigger bird breast meat and how you can portion it. Two, it's what we can do from a customer perspective. Three, there is no doubt that the cost economics of a larger bird are better than that of the smaller bird. So I think it's a combination of efficiencies, plant efficiencies, customer demand, technology, all those things are what contributes to moving, at least in our case to that 10% by the end of the year, and probably no doubt moving up a little bit more in fiscal '09.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Do you think though that you are going to get the breast meat pricing back up or is it that you expect to see a kind of offset, because you are clearing adding more pounds of breast meat to the market during an already weak period? So I'm wondering, when you look forward, do you expect to see pricing and other price offsetting breast meat or do you really expect breast meat prices to rebound?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I do expect breast meat prices to rebound significantly from where they are today. I mean breast meat prices are in the mid-140s and they are going to have to rebound, they will rebound. They always are higher during the summer. They are starting from a lower level, but I do believe that breast meat prices will go up substantially during this year's busiest demand season.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Okay and just one final question. You are looking at the sizable losses that you guys talked about in several parts of the industry have these high feed costs. When you look at your supply as a packer, do you expect to step up I guess in terms of guaranteeing that your producers stay in business or is it that you think you're going to be the packer, the first choice or the packer that's still going to be around, basically. I'm just curios how you'll expect to see that until, specifically in hogs and cattle as the price contracts. First of all, how do you guarantee supply, because a lot of this small producers that supply your plants, are the ones that are going to be under most pressure.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Christine, I would say that number one, we do have a lot of agreements with our hog producers in terms of committed supply. I don't believe. We're probably going to process somewhere between 110 million and 115 million hogs, 110 million, 115 million hogs this year, which will be an all time record even though the back half of the year might be on the downward side, which I believe it will. But, I don't foresee us having a problem getting the hogs for our facility, nor do I see us have a problem getting cattle to our facility anytime in the future or we'll always be able to source cattle and hogs.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right, all the best, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Pablo Zuanic of J.P. Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Good Morning everyone.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good Morning Pablo
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Dick, can you just explain on the Canadian situation, I mean, you're saying that your beef spreads in the U.S were above the market spreads, but I have actually calculated spreads, so we're on $24 per head for the quarter, and that I think your EBIT based on my volume assumptions, you're only about $8. So, how bad are things in Canada, if you can give us some color there and is there any sign of improvement? And, if you can give some color in terms of what your U.S spreads were, that will be useful also.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll talk a second about Canada. You know, there is a declining number of cattle that are going to be available for slaughter in Canada. That, I mean, that is a problem. It's going to be a continuing problem. The other problem that we are having in Canada is labor. We are still short labor to run the plant on an efficient basis. So, we really have two problems, one, a short supply of cattle, and two, a very short supply of labor. As I've talked before, you know, we have had a number of different countries help in supplying labor into Canada, but it is still a very, very difficult time, not so much keeping the people, but just getting the number of people that we need to operate that plant efficiently. So, our operating costs were a lot higher than what I would have hoped they would be. Now we're working on these problems, and we are working to resolve these problems in a number of different ways. But it's going to be a slow process to bring our operating costs back in line in Canada. Canada was a major detractor to our overall beef segment. I'm not going to quantify that but they were a major detractor to our earnings.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay, but at least, do you want to give us a sense of what according to your market spreads? I had calculated $24 spreads for the quarter. What do you have for the market? You don't have to tell us your spreads.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I can't give you that number off the top of my head. I do know that I'm a little surprised that that number would be that high for the whole quarter, given the early first two or three weeks of January being what they were but I can't comment or I don't have that number in front of me.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: That's fine and just a follow-up. There is another view out there regarding beef, I mean, you have said that the industry needs to cut down capacity by another 10,000 to 14,000 heads per day, but other people argue that perhaps it's not so much about shutting down plants, but more about running more five day week shifts or suppose to six day shifts, which I think were very prevalent in the second half of '07. What do you think about that and could we say that the improvements in beef spreads are not just because we're shutdown in Emporia, but also because other companies have moved to five day shifts and have remained at five day shits even in April.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I can't comment on what other people are doing whether they are running five or six days, I mean, I think we are here to try and provide good qualities, products and service and make some money in the process and that's what our goals is and that's how we need to react in the marketplace, and probably I really don't want to comment on what our competition is or isn't doing.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay. But you still believe the industry needs to cut down capacity by 10,000 to 14,000 heads per day?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Remember, I said 10 to 14 and that was before Emporia, so you really ought to be, like it'll be 6 to 10 at this point.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay and just a couple of follow ups. Okay great news regarding Korea, but in a market of tight cattle supplies doesn't their rancher, the cattle ranchers of the feedlot operators benefited not more than the packer?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that depends, if you are in a very, very short supply situation, which we're certainly not. Yes, typically the feedlot operator and/or the rancher both those segments will have a tendency to do that. Because there is a shortage of cattle and all the processors want to keep their plants running at least at minimum hours. So, yes, in a period of extreme shortage, which again, I don't believe we are in today, nor do I believe we're going to be in extreme short position anytime soon. That would be true.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay. And just a last follow-up. Now, regarding chicken, the numbers that are available, we kind of expected, I mean, obviously we all know about grains, but I am trying to figure out in the past you talked about 70% value-added products, there 70% being commodity, but correct me if I am wrong, we understand your value-added model is that it's either cost plus or fixed price. And the fixed price portion, you hedge the grains pretty much for reservation of a contract. So when we see this volatility quarter-to-quarter, obviously would have to be on the commodity side, which is only 70%. But is that analysis correct or there is some risk on the fixed price contracts?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say that 70-30 in right, but in terms of the 70% being cost plus or fixed with hedge, that's not right. We have literally dozens of permutations on how we price. And many times it is dependent upon aisle of the channel, specifically, who you are bidding against to get the business. And therefore, you know, what the rules of engagement are on that particular bid. We would in general have probably a higher percent of things like cost plus and value add, but by no means does that mean if there is not, spot-based or market pricing in that component.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Pablo, there is a number of products, all are further value-added products in chicken like our boxed and bag products, that's basically sold off of a price list. And you can only raise your price list so much, so there is a lot of other, as Wade said, ways that we have to go to market here. It's not as simplistic as just costs box and fixed price.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay. And just on… related to that and I'll finish off. When I here other restaurants like Buffalo Wild Wings and some other restaurants of their, they give guidance on their costs for chicken and they say, at least one of them have said, up 5% in chicken in '07 and another 5% in '08. I mean if I take corn going from $2 to $6 in percentage term, I calculated you guys would need about a 16%, 18% increase. And what the restaurant already saying, it's only their cost over those two years is only up 10%. So will it be fair to say that on the restaurant trade, the chicken industry is still way lagging the cost increase? Is that a fair characterization or not really?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I guess, I would say, the first thing is no need [ph] in price increases in the teens and total is probably not a bad guess. But I would also say that, I don' know, which restaurants and how to predict, but thus far it has been lagging. But in terms of works going in next 6 to 12 months, is really going to be function of how much supply tightens up here to some extent. I don't think anybody can fully predict that.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay. And Wade, one last one if I may and I'll pass it on. When I talked with your expertise here on pork and corns, I am confused by the way the export market is closing and futures are moving. I mean, supposedly, the data from US shows that exports to China are increasing, growing, accounting for the bulk of the export growth in pork. But on other hand, the hog spot prices haven't really moved that. So, we have the demand, but it hasn't really had an effect on prices. I suppose it's because of lower supply, but the other… so bottomline is that the exports are not really pulling the spot price market. On the other hand, I look at futures, these months out pointing to $30 higher lean prices, about 80 compared to 50 right now roughly and that historically the carry over [ph] should be only about $10 higher, not $30 higher. So what am I missing there? I mean my conclusion would be that, okay, exports are up but you they are not moving spot prices. Hogs will now make an impact for hog cutbacks, will not make an impact for another 18 months. So future price probably is just too high and it should be only about $10 higher, a supposed to $13 Thanks.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would answer that by saying one that the spot market for hogs in the last two to three weeks has gone up at least $10 on a lean hog basis. So the spot price for hogs has increased in the last two to three weeks, rather significantly and I think going forward I can't say that the future's are overpriced or underpriced. But they are what they are and either the market will come up or the future's will come down. One or the other is going to happen, that gap will close as we get to those current months. But as we see that number of hogs decline at some point in time, the hog prices will continue to go up. How high they are going to go, I think it is a function of supply and demand and if we continue to see very good export and good demand domestically. And I don't know whether it's too high or not too high. But definitely hog prices are going to continue to go up.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you. Most have been answered. But have you quantified approximately what you think the ongoing benefits to your margins is, as a result of the closure to Emporia, aside from the headcount reductions from personnel standpoint?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Rob, we have not done anything externally with that. We are still moving things around as you saw here recently last Friday or the Friday before, we announced, we were closed in a little further processing a plant in York, Nebraska. We're incorporating a lot of what we were doing there in Emporia. So, I mean it's hard to say at this point exactly what the areas I know that we gained some operational efficiencies. And I know it was the right decision for us to do, but I'm not ready to try to quantify that for you at this point in time.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And the influence of the price of cattle in that region?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know the answer to that. I mean I really don't. Cattle prices have moved around a lot since we did that. They went down, they've come back up. Certainly, there is less capacity, now whether that has had a significant impart or not, I don't know.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then lastly, on the chicken side, a lot of the contracts you were negotiating in the fall kind of got pushed back into 2008. Aare those all completely done, and as a result of them being pushed back a little, were you able to get higher pricing or not?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually we are always renegotiating and negotiating contracts. Most of those ones that were done back in the December, January period we basically having to live and deal with them. But, I guess, I would answer the question by no. I don't think anything that we did or our customers did has radically changed from what a normal year is in terms of how that works.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from of Ann Gurkin of Davenport and Company.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport and Company: Good morning.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport and Company: Just wanted to find out how beef margins have done in April so far?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: As I said earlier, we are fairly comparable with some of the kind of mid-February to March kind of levels…
Ann Gurkin - Davenport and Company: Okay.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: …which have been reasonable.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport and Company: Right. Any change to your commitment to the beef business?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Any change. No, absolutely no change. We're committed to the beef business and the pork business.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport and Company: Great. And then Wade, can we get a tax rate for the year?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think you can use, I would say, there is some moving parts, so it was totally to give definitively. But, you could use probably that 36, 37 for now as a proxy.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport and Company: Great. That's all I have got. Thanks.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley, you may ask your question.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: And with an easy one.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's it.
Operator: Mr. Andrews, can you check your mute button please.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Sorry. Hi, there, sorry about that. How should we think about the dollar as it relates to grain prices in exports, in other words the weaker dollar is helping you on export demand, but it obviously hurting you from a corn and soybean price demand, if you believe that that's also part of the reason why those prices are higher. So, my question I guess, is if the dollar are reverse the demand, or starts to do something like that what do you thing happens to export demand?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the first thing you said is right. In things like fuel, and grains and other things are becoming increasingly more kind of global currency based and therefore they do go up on the weak dollar. But apples-to-apples versus someone else they've got the same cost and then of course we have the domestic things like labor, which end up being cheaper. So, but I still think there is a lots of room to run. We're seeing unprecedented demand for protein out of the U.S., and I think even a moderate moves in currency are going to change that dramatically.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, the weak dollar has helped the reversal of some sense would probably not impact greatly, but it has helped definitely, the weak dollar is definitely helping from an export perspective on protein.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and Wade, was there, I know the grain cost went from $500 million to $600 million, but then you also put out this $1 billion number of total cost, so that implies $400 million of non-grain related cost. Was there a comparable number to that what you gave before?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that we have said, I recall, what we had said before when we're saying 500, we were saying it will total about 800.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Other wheat, vitamins and a variety of other things.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Soya and a lot of different things.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Sure. And then also, I don't know if you can answer this because it might imply some guidance, but do you think it will be free cash flow positive for the full year?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I would. Well, I'd hesitate to say just because again, I don't want to reveal my guidance.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then the decline in CapEx. What is that exactly a function of?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, that's the function of our earnings. Just trying to say that yeah, we're going to spend 425 to 475, but we elected to cut that back to 400 to, based on our earnings profile that where we are today? So, I think it's conservative, I think it's what we need to do is make sure that we manage our investment properly and that's what we're going to do.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't think we feel that we've cut any projects that we're really, really right to do for a long term as a result.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you, I'll pass it on.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we all thank you for listening and participating this morning. I think that from a company perspective, again I want to thank the Tyson team members who are doing a great job, very dedicated hardworking group, and we will see you all soon, and thanks for your interest in Tyson Foods.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener - VP, IR and Assistant Secretary Richard L. Bond - President and CEO Wade D. Miquelon - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co. Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston
Operator: Thank you, all parties for standing by. All lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. The call is being recorded; if you do have any objection, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Ruth Ann Wisener; and ma'am, you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener - Vice President, Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods first quarter conference call. With me today are; Dick Bond, our President and CEO, and Wade Miquelon, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin to discuss the operating performance for the quarter, I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about may include forward-looking statements. Those statements are based on our view of the world as we know it today, which means things, could change. So I would encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I'll now turn the call over Dick Bond.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter call for fiscal 2008. As you saw in our press release earlier this morning, earnings for the quarter were $0.10. Sales were up 3.2% compared to first quarter last year. Our Pork segment delivered its second strongest quarter in company history, earning $76 million. The Prepared Food segment achieved normalized margins of nearly 5%. Our Chicken business struggled with more than $100 million in additional grain cost for the quarter. In November, we projected an additional $300 million in grain cost for the fiscal year. We now think this number will exceed $0.5 billion. The run-up in corn prices are a result of government mandates for corn-based ethanol, combined with the devalued dollar and hedge funds speculation. This situation is different than we've seen previously and has caused a new dynamic in our business. In the past, high grain prices were due to supplies and were short-term. The pressure now is led by demand for use in ethanol, which is not short-term. Corn-based ethanol and its effect on corn prices have caused a domino-effect for other input cost. Soya bean mayo, cooking oil and wheat-based ingredients like breading have all gone up as well. On top of that, fuel prices are way up, which impacts distribution, manufacturing cost, packaging and so on. Chicken prices haven't kept pace with other food staples. Eggs are up 38%, milk is up 30% and whole wheat bread is up 12%. As a percentage of input cost, grain is much higher for protein than it is for other products. To give you some perspective, grain is almost half the cost of a live chicken. We have no other choice but to raise prices substantially, we are raising prices because we can't absorb these costs. Despite concerns about the economy, people have to eat and they will continue to eat protein. They might shift their food dollars to buy more chicken and pork or eat at home more and go out less, because Tyson is in all three proteins and in both foodservice and consumer products channels, we think we are in a very good position. Before I turn the call over to Wade, I'd like to say a few words about our new Group Vice President of Consumer Products. Earlier this month, I asked Donnie Smith to head up that group because he is a great, experienced leader with a long history at Tyson Foods in a variety of roles. He has a very strong sales and marketing team to work with and together they will build on our momentum of creating and innovating new products and services to meet retailer and consumer needs. Now, Wade Miquelon, will talk to you about our results for the first quarter. Wade?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dick. Overall, I am very pleased with our results in Q1 08 as we achieved GAAP earnings of $0.10 per share despite a very challenging business environment. This compares to earnings of $0.16 per share in Q1 07 and $0.09 per share last quarter. Our year-over-year sales improved for the quarter by 3% or $200 million on better pricing. Volume was roughly flat when factoring out last year's sale of two chicken commodity plants and so, essentially pricing per unit was up 6%. We finished the quarter at a debt level of just over $2.7 billion, which puts our debt to capital ratio at 36.3%. This represents $255 million debt improvement and a 330 basis point debt to capital ratio reduction year-over-year. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $100 million, with $48 million of that invested in profit improvement products or projects. Two of the four segments ended the quarter within or above their normalized ranges. Pork performed extremely well at a 9% EBIT margin, due to lower input costs and continued strong exports. Our Prepared Food segment continues to perform well and we delivered a 5% operating margin, which is the center of our normalized range. Chicken operating earnings were positive despite the $101 million year-on-year increased grain cost. As projected, beef struggled with significant losses as industry overcapacity negatively impacted live cattle cost and led to excess trade inventory, which then adversely impacted the cut out pricing. Dick will discuss the segments in more detail in a few minutes. Moving forward, while its been our practice to issue annual earnings guidance, which we did in conjunction with the release of our fiscal 2007 earnings, we have temporarily withdrawn our guidance due to the magnitude of input market volatility, timing of anticipated price increases and continuing uncertainty in beef. We anticipate renewing our practice of issuing guidance as such time and clarity allows. Now, let me give you some perspective as to why we made this decision. For perspective, our daily corn and soybean meal joint limit move either up or down as has occurred several times over the past few weeks, is nearly a $100 million or plus or minus $0.17 earning swing when excluding hedge impacts. And this is actually not the full impact of grain volatility, given that other markets like wheat, flour, cooking oil and other feed ingredients are now in effect moving to some degree in tandem with corn and soy. As you saw in our release, chicken grain costs are predicted to be up over $0.5 billion year-on-year or almost an additional $300 million since we issued guidance. This will have a much bigger impact in Q2 versus Q1 due to the timing of a major rise in input costs as well as the related P&L inventory flow-through effect. We expect pricing and hedging to offset some of this cost increase in Q2, but the full cost recovery via price could take a few more quarters. For Q2, we believe Pork and Prepared segments will continue to perform well. Beef will continue to improve and the dramatic rise in input costs is likely to move chicken to a loss position in the short-term. In summary, we said on our last conference call that we believe that our first quarter would likely be our most challenging quarter of this fiscal. However, as the situation stands today, Q2 will likely be a more challenging quarter for us. It appears the input cost issue will remain with us for some time and we are looking to longer term pricing strategies to manage its volatility and spread this risk. Regardless, as Dick pointed out until there is a change in U.S. Energy policy and its current emphasis on subsidizing corn-based ethanol, consumers will ultimately see substantial additional food inflation, and in particular much higher protein pricing. In closing, I remain very confident about the prospects for Tyson Foods. Our core strategies are right and we are executing them with excellence. Over time, the markets will adjust and we will continue to turn challenges into opportunities and expand our lead as the world's number one provider of protein and protein solutions. And, now I'll pass it back to Dick for a review of the segments.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Wade. I'm going to start with the Chicken segment. Taking out the two commodity plants we sold in 2007, chicken volume was essentially flat; operating income was $35 million and was affected by increased grain cost of more than $100 million, partially offset by pricing and operational efficiencies. We continue to be pleased with the move to chicken raise without antibiotics. It has allowed us to gain over 70 million incremental pounds of annualized volume with about a third of that coming from new accounts. You may recall, the USDA had said, it had mistakenly approved our raise without antibiotics label and asked us to change it. After considerable consumer research, we proposed and the USDA did approve a new label, stating our chicken is raised with antibiotics that impact antibiotic resistance in humans. The label change actually turned into a positive for us, because our research shows it more clearly communicates the benefits to the consumer. Turning to our Beef segment, we lost $85 million in the first quarter. Although we continue to make improvements on the sales compared to USDA published data, the cut out didn't keep pace with what we were paying for cow. We anticipate however that Beef segment's performance in the second quarter will outperform Q1. Cow supplies will be affected by higher gain prices; higher land values, urban sprawl and converting acreage to row crops will reduce land available for pastures. We thought the size of the herd would grow, but based on these market dynamics, cow's order has increased and the cattle herd has probably peaked. Given these circumstances for cattle supplies, slaughter capacity is out of balance by 10,000 to 14,000 head per day. This is why we think it is necessary or thought it was necessary to seize up slaughter operations in Emporia, Kansas. We chose the Emporia plant because its cattle production has moved from Eastern to Western Kansas over the past 20-30 years; Emporia is no longer centrally located to the regions major cow supplies. The facility was still be used as a cold storage and distribution warehouse in addition to further processing. The slaughter area would not be currently used, however, the equipment will be left intact. On the beef export front, USDA and USTR officials have made encouraging public statements about reestablishing trade with South Korea. Well we don't know when this will take place, we believe it could be within the first six months of the calendar year. Moving to the Pork segment; with live hog prices low, our Pork segment is doing about as well as ever had. Operating income nearly doubled from $39 million in Q1 of '07 to $76 million in Q1 of '08. Operating margins nearly doubled as well from 4.7% to 9.1%. Capacity utilization was up to 93% for the quarter and should be at or near 90% for our fiscal second quarter. I believe that hog supply should be adequate to maintain good operating margins in the coming months. The Prepared Food segment is doing very well and we are at capacity on a number of our product lines. Bacons, bacon hams and pepperoni sales and margins are strong, in part due to lower pork input costs. We are doing a much better job of internalizing our fresh pork for use in our Prepared Food business, specifically belles to bacons. This has been a coordinated effort that positively impacts our foodservice, consumer products and fresh meat businesses and allows us to compete effectively with companies that have been in the bake... that have had bacon in their portfolios for a long time. Regarding international exports, we continue to see increased global demand for chicken and pork as the standard of living improves in the developing world. Also, the weak dollar makes us more competitive and enables us to participate in additional markets. Tyson de Mexico also is affected by higher grain cost and we'll be working to pass along costs in those markets as well. We continue to work on our international deals in both Asia and Brazil, and should complete one this quarter. Our renewable diesel arrangement with ConocoPhillips started production, December 18th at 100 barrels a day, using fat from Amarillo, Texas facility. We are now up to approximately 300 barrels a day. In November, we selected a site in Louisiana for the Dynamics Fuels plant. The construction time line is on plan and on budget. Once complete, the plant will produce ultra clean renewable synthetic jet fuel made from fats provided by Tyson. Dynamic Fuels is now producing this first of its kind fuel for testing by the U.S. Department of Defense. In closing, I'd like to point out that challenging times often lead to great opportunities. For example, as inputs rise, customers often rely on us because sometimes value-added means taking cost out. Tyson has the resources to do this. The work we are doing in the Discovery Center, in addition to our customer service, mean customers can rely on us for innovation and dependable service in volatile times. To manage through this environment, we will stay committed to our strategy. I usually talk about the strategy in the long-term, but current conditions have made me sure its right in the short-term as well. We are doing everything we can to deal with the current market conditions and once again, we want to thank our team members for their work in these difficult times. And now, I will turn the call back over to Laurie for your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Diane Geissler from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Hi, yes. Good morning.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: I just want to sort of delve into the grain issue and cost recovery through pricing. This is something we see across the entire food space that you put in place pricing increases, then kind of grain runs beyond that and what are you doing to get ahead of the grains. I mean may be you could comment a little bit on, foodservice negotiations, how those went, are they still ongoing, what kind of price increases you are capturing in your negotiations? Any color on that would be appreciated.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Diane, let me start out by saying, this is kind of unprecedented times, and unprecedented times require unprecedented activities. And in various segments of the business, we are really looking at it in different ways. You asked about foodservice, we are about 50% up the way through our foodservice contracts and our customers realize that we are experiencing this higher grain price, so I think they understand, while they don't necessarily like the fact that all this volatility in grain and higher grain costs are there. There is a better understanding this time, and I don't think in necessary we are the only ones out there in this space, professing increase costs that we can't absorb. We have been able to hedge some of these, but as we have seen the additional cost in grains, we are literally doing whatever we have to do to go back and talk to our customers about these additional costs, which were unanticipated.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay but can you give us any more detail about what kind of pricing increases you are seeing even at retail or in foodservice?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can tell you that on a distribution side of the business, we announced to our customers here about 10 days ago, roughly a 7% increase in our price list for all of our distribution customers. We are working on similar type things on the retail side as well.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: And then I guess moving over to beef and the... your announcement on Friday, obviously you are doing some things internally to sort of deal with the overcapacity situation. I mean what is your confidence level that the rest of the industry will follow? I mean what you've mentioned in your press release I think was slaughter over capacity between 10 and 14 head per day. Obviously your plant was slaughtering considerably less than that amount, which would suggest that some movements needs to be made from the rest of the industry, I mean what is your confidence level that the industry will go along and will start to see some better results in beef?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Diane, I guess the only way I can answer that is, I don't know what our competition is going to do. I mean... all I think we can do is look at our own situation, the cattle moved away from Emporia, if you look at the rest of our plants, they are located where the strategic supplies for cattle are necessary for that. Emporia was a great plant, it had a great workforce, but it was the outlier in terms of where cattle were located. So to answer your original question, I don't know. I don't know what our competition is going to do, we just did what we felt was right for our company and what we needed to do at this particular time.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay thank you, I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning everybody.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess, first, just a detailed question. Wade, can you just kind of detail exactly where the... both on the consolidated and the segment results, where the gain was and also the fast charge?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I'll pull through here. I mean, you're going to see... basically you're going to see the gain in the other net, in terms of the investment sale.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, all right. And then the charge?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Then in the charge you will see the fast charge is 6.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, all right. And then, I guess one of a big picture question, Dick, you kind of talked in the last call and... about the volume that looked like you had an opportunity to generate in specifically in chicken, and where do you stand with that? It sounds like now, that's less of a concern in pricing, given what's happened with input costs, is the primary motivation?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say, Eric it's a combination of both. We continue to see good demand, and I believe that's driven, both on the consumer and on the foodservice side, but by what we're able to do through the Discovery Center. So, demand is still pretty good from our costumers, for our products. Pricing certainly is a very critical part of what we need to do and what we need to accomplish going forward, given the volatilities that we are experiencing from an input perspective. But pricing is very important, but demand from our customers remains very good as well, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: And when you say, just kind of looking at doing things a little bit differentially unprecedented times, I mean, would seem to me that the problem is not so much at retail where you more or less kind of control your own pricing, but at foodservice, you kind of... we're in this position historically, where we raise prices in the December quarter or we negotiate with the trade or the foodservice accounts. I mean, are you thinking about trying to push through more of a kind of a cost plus model that maybe exist on a quarterly basis rather than just kind of a one-time a year thing. Is that kind of what you are thinking about?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, given the volatility and the changes and the rapid changes, up and down in these markets, it only makes sense, I think for us and maybe ultimately for our customers as well to have something that is of a little bit shorter timeframe nature in terms of a fixed price. So, the idea of either cost plus or shortening the time of fixed prices is something that we have been aggressively talking to our customers about on the retail and on the foodservice side.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then just last one and I'll pass it on. Again, in chicken, do you, I mean with the feed cost where it is, I mean, obviously you and Pilgrims have roughly 50% of the market. What is your sense as to the... are the marginal, the other 50% in the industry, the smaller players, do you think at this point they are profitable? Are you seeing any reduction in terms of their willingness to expand supply and are they kind of following on in terms of this negotiation and potential change in kind of how things are negotiated?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean Eric, the only thing that I have seen publicly about changes in volumes was Cook announcing roughly of 3% reduction in their volume, I don't know quite frankly what the position of the rest of the industry is from a profitability standpoint, but when you have these unprecedented volatilities, it is kind of logical to try and shift some of that burden or at least if not shift the burden, reduce the timeframe for which that burden is being felt. May be at some point in time, these grains will go back down. So there is some logic behind driving this thing to a shorter timeframe.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay all right. Good luck, I'll pass it on.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you, good morning everybody.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Vincent.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just on a price increase perspective, how should we think about this relative to, I think it was the fourth quarter where you had an issue where from a private label chicken perspective, you lost some volume because you wanted to do it at a higher price when your competitors came in and it was willing to do at a lower price. I mean, how do you see those types... are you worried about that as you're trying to take pricing going forward?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean I think that's always a risk. The only that is evident is everybody is going to be experiencing higher grain cost and everybody is going to be experiencing those higher inputs and the volatility associated with those inputs, but we can't worry or drive what we need to do based on quite frankly where our competition is doing, we can only control and do what we think is right for us and our customers.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And do you have that you're willing to share with us any sort of kind of base case idea of what you think... corn and soybean meal are going to trade for this year, is there something that you're... are there numbers or ranges of numbers that you are operating with as you think about taking pricing, can you share any of that with us?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think in general, we'd say while it's never right prior the forward curve is as good as an unbiased tool as we have, right. So, so again we continue to do projection based on that, look at our risk portfolio in the various new ounces of how we hedge it, don't hedge against that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And do you have any... you are willing to share with us any percentages that you've hedged of your needs or no?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we don't disclose that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, all right. I will pass it along, thank you very much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson & Co. Your line is open.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Dick, what did you tell the board?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Tim, what are you referring to?
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, they are your partners and they probably wanted to know how you're going to do in 2008. Where are your partners; you basically just said we don't know. Or did you tell the Board you don't know?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: No Tim, I told the Board the same thing that I am telling you, because of the things that are out there that we can't control, we quite frankly don't know whether inputs are going to go up another $300 million, another $500 million, another $50 million, down $20 million, its just impossible to predict based on these assumptions they keep moving around. And that's what I told the Board.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: It's a little difficult when you got partners out there that need to buy the stock or need to figure out what to do with this stock to say, well, we just don't have any comment, but that's my two cents' worth. In beef, we had a real difficult 2006 and then in 2007 you made a lot of changes and improved that and I got the sense that we would do everything we could to not perpetuate losses of $10 ahead and I know situation was rough in the first quarter, but are you going to commit to your Board or us or somebody that we are not going to just operate this thing all year long at these big losses?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Tim, I think, what we did on Friday would be a sizable step towards trying to make sure that we are doing what we believe is right for us, to do the best we can to get rid of those losses. Now, I think there are some other things that would help in that deal, if our government USDA and USTR can negotiate the return of Korea and ultimately the return in a meaningful way of Japan and reopen China and reopen Russia effectively. I think these are also things that are helpful to us, going forward. Beef around the world is going to be expensive. I mean, if you look at grains in other parts of the world, now they are just as expensive or more expensive as they are in the U.S. So, I think we are being diligent and we are being vigilant about what we are trying to do to manage our own business as effectively as we can.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: How much is the volume from Emporia came out of Colorado?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: How much of the cattle?
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Virtually none.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. All right, thanks so much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam from Stephens Incorporated. You may ask your question.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi good morning.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could you just share with us some color on the cattle supply and availability and timing because the cattle placed on feed has been quite jagged. Could you think... tell us kind of what you expect in your fiscal second, third and fourth quarter in terms of cattle availability?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think as I said earlier, I think the availability of cattle as a whole has probably peaked. The total herd has probably peaked. And do I mean it's totally peaked forever? Maybe not, but could very well be that it has peaked forever for all those reasons that I talked about before. I think, we got a little bit of pushback, meaning cattle not quite ready because of some harsh winter for a few weeks in the major cattle regions, I think cattle are starting to recover from that. We will see a fair amount of supply. When I say a fair amount of supply, a reasonable supply of cattle as we get towards the end of our second quarter and in the third quarter, but then I think the supply of fed cattle will begin to decline again as we did in the late third quarter and into fourth quarter.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And given that you've pulled guidance, it would be really helpful for us who have to put out numbers, for a little more color and detail on your businesses. In terms of this fiscal '07 till last year, if you had to quantify grain cost or feed cost as a cost of goods sold, what would that percentage be?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I don't know if we give the percentage part, but let me tell you to think about it this way.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For our prepared business and our pork business we are very much on track, while beef was very negative in the first quarter, we predicted it and at least at the rate of improvement we see now, that's pretty much on track with our forecast. So what's left from our original guidance is basically the fact that the input cost primarily against chicken are up significantly year-on-year, again over $0.5 billion of which $300 billion was in our original guidance number, plus other input costs, beyond grain are there as well and the uncertainty of how fast we get pricing. So I guess, I am saying is if you could kind of get into the math that way, by looking at the fact that three or four segments are basically on plan and the fourth one, chicken has the higher input cost against the uncertainty of how much pricing comes how fast and what the inputs might do through out the reminder of the year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's fair and then --
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would add to that, even on the other two segments that are really grain-sensitive, meaning pork and beef, even though we generally speaking, don't participate in the cattle or the hog production in a big way, eventually, those high input costs are going to affect the numbers of cattle and the numbers of hogs that we're going to be... will be available for us to process in the longer term. So it does have an effect there. The effect is a little bit further out, then on the chicken segment.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And just a request for, when you guys may file your Q, it'd be really helpful, since you have pulled guidance, if you'd give us absolute volume numbers, that will be really helpful for us to try and put together our numbers. Would you guys consider doing that in the future, possibly?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We'll take it in consideration.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: We will think about that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Right. Thank you very much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Farha.
Operator: The next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: If we kind of fast forward a little bit to 2009, as the pricing overcomes the feed cost and assuming that at one point feed cost levels out, the beef markets open up eventually, is there a reason not it to believe that things would not... the possibility of snapping back, in terms of both your chicken margins and your beef margins, would that be probable or not so probable? Is that something that we should think about? How do we think about that, beyond the way ... I mean it's clear '08 is going to sting, so after that how do we think of '09?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you're exactly right. I think that optimism... that we would have optimism around that as we go into '09. I think for a number of reasons. One, on the beef side, I do believe that we will have a better situation as it relates to exports. The dollar is likely to still be relatively weak. We do see the demand for protein worldwide continuing to grow. At some point in time, the pricing will catch up to the feed and we should be in a very good position. If you think about what our strengths are, in terms of being able to innovate and be there, from a new product perspective; that should keep us on the forefront with our costumers of being there with them to create that activity going forward. So, I have a lot of optimism as we look forward. I think we've got a short-term situation here that we're going to have to get through, as we said. We are only temporarily not going to give you guidance because of this volatility. We believe that, that is not a long-term situation.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Then the other two questions I have is; when you're stopping your production or reducing your production in Emporia, are you increasing your capacity utilization across the other business, other processing plants or you are cutting total production by what you are losing Emporia at? How do you think about that?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ken, I think, it's a combination of both. It's a combination of making sure that our other facilities run as efficiently and has full-to-footprint capacity as possible. That's number one. But do I believe that we are going to offset the total output of Emporia in the other plants? The answer to that is no.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And in terms of... again a bigger picture. In terms of the protein supply versus demand into the summer, maybe it's a little far off, but into the summer, do you think we are going to get a balance? Do you think that the supply of general proteins will be higher or lower than the demand and will there be a balance?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes that's a great question. If I knew the answer to that, I'd probably been a little more matter of fact about what Q2, Q3 and Q4 were going to look like. I think if you look at supplies by segment as an example, I think overall, the supply of beef will be less than what it was in 2007. I think our pork situation at least for Q2 and into early part of Q3 are going to be in a pretty good balance in terms of demand including export will be good. As we get into the summer time, we will probably have a few less hogs, which might keep that in reasonably good balance. The key probably is going to be around chicken, is will we have a supply-demand balance that is appropriate for the increased demand which we usually see in the summer for chicken and that's kind of the $64,000 question going forward and I don't have a good view of that at this point.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Are you guys planning production?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are matching demand of what our customers believe and what we see from our customers, we are going to match our supply to that demand.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Good morning
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just wanted to ask a few more question on these, when you guys chose to shut down Emporia, I guess, I was a little surprised. There were other plants that seemed a little bit more logical. I'm wondering, were the changes that you made recently in the grid, I guess, did they play a role in the choice of that plant specifically in terms of shutting it down?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Christine, the answer to that is no. It was more a macro situation of just the fact that the cattle feeding industry over the last 30 years has excited Eastern Kansas. I mean, if you think about it rationally, that is the macro reason that that took place.
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And in terms of, I guess, how you expect to capture those cattle... there is nothing contractually that would keep those cattle within the Tyson system. It could be that they would choose one or the other Kansas plants, technically to move into that closer?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Are you talking about the cattle that we currently process in Emporia?
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Correct.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean they would become... I'm sure that we are still going to want and need some of those cattle in Western Kansas or in Texas or in Nebraska, but those cattle are all market available cattle anywhere. We really don't have any specific long-term agreements that say that all those cattle that were in Emporia were ours forever. That wasn't the case.
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then just in terms of your Canadian business, it's our understanding that that, every sub feeding businesses has been a little challenging, why not take similar, you know... actions up there to reduce your exposure to that difficult market, given the fact that you've already kind of taken the pain here. Is it just the matter of timing, or is there something structurally that you like about that business in the long run that keeps you there especially, given the fact that you have already passion capacity up in that region at least in Pasco?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean if you look at basically what's happening in Canada because again, because of the change in the exchange rates, because the high costs of feed and the even higher costs of barley, there are more feeder cattle moving south now, than fed cattle. And that's probably going to continue, I mean our goal in Canada is to keep the product that we process in Canada and be able to sell it effectively in Canada and not have the U.S. market be as bigger piece of that as what it is today. So I do believe that you are right, that there is going to be less cattle available in Canada going forward, but we think that we are competitively positioned to keep operating in Canada while we might have some difficult times in the short term, we still believe that what we are doing in Canada is viable for the long-term.
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: All right. And then just one last question, I guess I understand your desire to increase prices in chicken, but how can you go to your customers with that... I guess that intent when you guys, at least the industry say, on the surface looks like it continues to increase production?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, because I think it is something that as we partner with our customers from a strategic perspective, this is something that we believe that, that our customers are going to understand and they are going to be able to deal with this appropriately because they understand that we can't absorb all these increases. And as I said, I mean, we are working with our customers, the demand that we have from our customers is good and we are going to continue to push in that direction.
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: All right, I will leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Gurkin from Davenport & Co. Your line is open.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: Good morning.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Ann.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: So my understanding that at the end of the year you were adding hatcheries or houses to raise more birds and then had a strategy of growing bigger birds for some of your plants. So are you changing those plants at this time, given what's happened to grain cost?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, the plan is that we put in place last fall, we are continuing with.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: So you are continuing to grow bigger birds even with grain costs where they are?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are... again Answer, where we had looked to change bird weights in specific plants for specific reasons; we are in fact doing that. We are not, however, building any new hatcheries. That's not correct. That was not part of the plan last fall either, but in terms of shifting bird weight in various facilities, those plans that we laid out, we are still continuing to do.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: Okay. And Dick, you made a statement last November also that Tyson has a right to raise production because you've good sales momentum. Are you still standing behind that statement or do you think supply needs to come down here given what's going on?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am still standing behind that statement.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: Okay. And then thirdly, you were going on Agri Stats at the end of the year. Have you all gone on Agri Stats and is it... like where you trending or what information are you learning from being back on that system?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are on Agri Stats. We just recently have got our first series of data. We are in the process of evaluating where our strengths and weaknesses are wherever that can help, we will target the areas that we need improvement and continue to expound and expand on the ones that we see as positives.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: Can you give us an example of where you are seeing opportunities?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that would probably be not right for me to do at this time Ann, thank you.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from Wachovia. Your line is open.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Good morning and thank you.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Just one question. Maybe I am not thinking about this right, but on a... since the conversion ratio is big picture, are greater for beef and for pork, you would think in a, if the consumer really gets strapped down, you would think that chicken would prove to be a) little bit less sensitive to rising... pervasively high and rising corn prices and that b) a cash-strapped consumer would consider maybe chicken at the expense of beef and pork as a way to feed a family, say, money et cetera. Is this consistent with what... this kind of demand action, would that be consistent with what you've seen in prior recessions or is that just, is that just dreaming?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think your logic is sound, although sometimes pork also holds up very well. I mean, it depends on really, what part of beef we are talking in different cycles, sometimes the high end stronger than in another cycles. So, that probably remains to be seen for this particular economy moving forward.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: I mean, I guess that--
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly, with your conversion rates of being what they are, chicken closer to one-to-one and pork being in the middle at three and a half or four-to-one and beef being up in that six or seven-to-one. That does bode well for chicken. The difference from our perspective is that we are fully integrated on the chicken side. So, we feel the full effects of that. We don't necessarily feel the full effects of the inputs on the cattle and on the hog side, but ultimately that will end up being there in terms of availability of supply.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Right. I guess, just as a follow-up, if you went back to the early 90s, which I guess, in the last through consumer recession we had, I mean, can you offer any perspective on, if the need-demand change at all in aggregate or is there much shift between chicken, beef and pork to your recollection?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, my recollection in the early 90s, where beef was in a similar situation to where it was today, there was a bit of overcapacity in the industry at that time, the herd was probably at one of its smaller and beef was relatively expensive compared to the other proteins. What you do have is you will have disappearance. It's just a question of price. All of these animals, whether they'd be cattle, hogs or chicken, will be consumed and it is in fact whatever that disappearance price is going to be. My recollection of the early 90s was that there was potentially some trade off, and I do believe in the early 90s the chicken was probably the biggest benefactor of the recession.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks very much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Good morning everyone.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Pablo.
Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: I think actually a question on hogs and then if I may on, on beef, but, we hear a lot from Smithfield, the CEO going to China and negotiating with COSCO. I would think that you guys also being one of the largest processors may also be in negotiations, kind of your comment about the opportunities there. How big do you think the blue year issue is? Does that present a sizeable opportunity? And related to that, you made a comment that by December you would expect the hog demand and supply to be balanced. Should I take from that that you agree with where Futures are? I think Futures forever said about $75 per hog, which means that prices will jump about 50% from where we are right now. So just give us some insight there, in terms of where you see the hog outlook?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that we are as well talking to COSCO and to the opportunities to export to China; I mean it is a tremendous opportunity. I do believe that there was a significant lost to their numbers of hogs that were available in China. Therefore, I think that there is good potential export going forward. I think there is some things that will need to be worked out there from a technical perspective that might take some time yet. So I think that from a hog perspective and an export perspective, there is a great opportunity there. How long that takes to come to fruition? I'm not really sure. Typically, hog prices in the U.S. do rise in the summer time, because typically you have a lesser supply available. If you look at that forward curve, the forward curve looks a little steep to me at this point in terms of getting into that $73 to $74 range from where we are today. But certainly directionally, prices will be higher for hogs and for pork-related products as we get to the summer.
Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Great, thanks for that. And then just on beef, just trying to understand the comment that you are making that beef will get better in the second quarter. I mean is that just because you're cutting capacity in pork... I mean cutting capacity and because we have this cow slaughter coming in towards the end of the quarter, what else is driving the improvements sequentially in beef?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think Pablo, the answer to that question is, the first quarter was so bad that directionally at least what we have seen thus far in the quarter would indicate that, that would be true. I'm not saying it's going to be good, but it will be considerably better than what it was in Q1.
Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Last one, may I understand you went to March chicken production would demand, but what I don't understand is that a year ago, you guys exit by 3% and I think by then 5% of one point. It seems to me that conditions right now are actually worse than back then. So correct me if I'm wrong, and then if they are worse, why aren't you cutting production like you did a year ago?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well again, I'll go back and say that it is a matter of matching supply and demand. If, by chance, demand doesn't continue to be good, then we will alter that supply, if necessary. All I can tell you that as of this day, January 28th, our demand is still very good.
Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: All right. But just, when you reported flood volumes for the first quarter, your original guidance, I think was from 2% or 3% volume growth. So, in effect, I mean, I could say that you did cut production that was planned in the December quarter. Is that correct?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, that was an annualized 2 to 3 percentage points. But I don't think we gave any clarity on Q1. It was more of a broad industry too, as well.
Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And you are still sticking to the 2% to 3% for the full year?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: What we said in November was we thought the industry was going to be up 3 to 4 percentage points. I would guess possibly that that won't be that high now, given where we are.
Pablo E. Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Hi. Thank you.
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Good morning. I guess, my concern would be just mathematically when I look at how grain flows through your numbers during the quarter, I thought sequentially anyway from the prior quarter that your grain costs are actually down. You are realizing lower grain costs sequentially, and despite that your chicken margin is below 2%. So, I guess then, mathematically what I am trying to figure out is how much pricing are you going to have to take in chicken to realize the strong possibility that you are going to have $4 corn flowing through your numbers instead of what I think is probably closer to $3 right now and then, it could be even above $4. So, mathematically, I think that your pricing would have to be up something along the lines of 25% in chicken in order to fully offset $4 corn from here. Do you care to comment on that math, am I close?
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess, I would just say no. Q1 is up significantly from the year ago and also it's up versus prior quarter. You do get a broader step up effect in Q2 because of the timing of inventory, that's up again. The 25% number, I would say is overstated. Remember that 50% of grain is on the live animal, but when you have a lot of value-added and further processing that ratio diminishes over time. So, it's a significantly south of that. I don't know if we want give an exact number.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: But Rob, if you think about where... you are talking about $3, $4 and $5, I mean we haven't had $3 corn forever. I mean, corn has moved up from, if you will, two years ago in that 230-240 range. So, if you look at the forward curve today, virtually all futures months out front are over $5. So, I mean we have been working with $4 plus corn for a while and now we are working with $5 plus corn and that's just on CBAT numbers. It takes an additional $0.40 to $0.50 a bushel to get that to the feed mill. So, I am not sure what's your basis of $3 is referring to?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: $3 would be the average spot price per corn during calendar and we can just talk about this offline, but what I assume within three month lag between spot and what you realized in your numbers. So, that's how I came to a sequential decline, but perhaps, you haven't talked about your hedging positions during this particular quarter, but may be that got snooped over during... as a result of some hedging, But I guess your point is also mine in a way which is that, are you saying Dick, that you have $4 corn in your numbers right now in this particular margin that you are reporting?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: In for Q1?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes. For this quarter, is that... are you averaging somewhat close to $4 corn right now?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are slightly below that $4 level.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. So any kind of upside --
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: But, if you look at what is flowing through the mill today and going in as an initial input, you are really talking in the 489-490 range right now and given the corn Futures where they are today that has another $0.40 to $0.60 depending upon what month do you want to look at going forward business the time we deliver to the mill.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. And given the energy policy, you have any reason to believe that corn is overpriced this 490?
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't necessarily know if it is overprice, because the demand for corn continues and we go from 7.2 billion gallons of corn-based ethanol up to a mandate of something close to 15 by 2000 and wherever it is to over 13, no probably not, but it just seems that it's not a prudent use of corn as it has affected food and food inflation.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. Well I agree with you there, but thank you very much.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Dick Bond for closing comments.
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: We appreciate you taking the time this morning. I mean it is a difficult, it is unprecedented, it is kind of unparallel times for us. You know I quite frankly I apologize for having to withdraw the guidance, but hopefully you understand that, you might not appreciate it, you might not like it, but hopefully you understand that and also that we do feel that we are still in very good position going forward. While 2008 is going to be difficult, I think out of all these lemons do come some lemonade and I do believe that lemonade with this hard work and diligence about improving our operations, improving our ability to innovate are going to help us in the long-term and we appreciate you joining us today and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you and that does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-11-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener – Vice President, Investor Relations  Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer Wade D. Miquelon – Executive Vice President and ChiefFinancial Officer
Analysts: Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Tim Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Edgar Roesch - Banc of AmericaSecurities 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Now I'll turn the meeting over to Ms. Ruth AnnWisener.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for TysonFoods fourth quarter conference call. Withme today are Dick Bond, our President and CEO, and Wade Miquelon, our ChiefFinancial Officer. Before we move on to discuss the operating performance forthe quarter and the year, I want to remind everyone that some of the things wetalk about today may include forward-looking statements. That means those statements are going to be based on ourview of the world as we know it today and that means things can change so Iwould encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of therisks that the can affect our business. Before we begin taking your questions, I want everyone to beaware that because of the presentations we'll be giving later this morning,we're going to end this call by 10:00 o’clock. For those of you who aren't attending inperson the event will be webcast starting at 10:45Eastern Time. I'm now going to turn things over to Dick Bond.
Dick Bond: Good morning and thank you for joining us today as we reporton our fourth quarter and wrap up our fiscal 2007. Tyson Foods has made a great turnaround in thepast year. Not only are we back oncourse, Tyson is a stronger, more streamline company and we've made significantprogress for the long-term. We achievedrecord sales of $27 billion, along with nearly a $700 million operating incomeimprovement in 2007. Including the $334 million in additional grain costs weincurred, we actually had a $1 billion dollar swing compared to 2006. All four segments were profitable for thequarter as we anticipated and profitability improved year-over-year in eachsegment. We exceeded $265 million in annualized savings from our CMI,or cost management initiative. Inaddition to the financial accomplishments in 2007, it also marked a beginningof several exciting things. In February,our new Discovery Centeropened and we are very pleased with the cutting-edge, innovative work aroundnew product development and consumer insights. We've had approximately 500 customer visits resulting innearly 200 new products and menu concepts, many of those have launched or arein test runs. We entered the field ofrenewable energy through a strategic alliance with ConocoPhillips andestablished Dynamic Fuels, a 50/50 joint venture with Syntroleum by producingnext generation renewable fuels from beef, pork, and chicken fat. We are taking the first steps in leveraging Tyson's accessto animal by-products to become an important figure in the renewable energybusiness. Before I turn the call over toWade, I'd like to say it has been a very rewarding year. A $1 billion turnaround doesn't happen very often, and wedid it through solid execution. I thinkthe management team and all the Tyson team members deserve the credit forreturning Tyson Foods to profitability while laying the groundwork for futuregrowth. Wade?
Wade Miquelon: Thank you, Dick. InQ4 '07 we achieved earnings of $0.09 per share and all four segments wereprofitable. This compares to a loss of$0.17 per share in Q4 '06, or a $0.26 per share year-over-year improvement. We had $122 million dollars of operating income improvementand this reflects our Q4 '07 to Q4 '06 progress in all segments. Of particular note, Chicken's Q4 '07 to Q4 '06improvement of $71 million dollars includes the absorption of a net negative grainimpact of $118 million this quarter. Q4'07 results include a $17 million dollar non-cash tax expense to correct ourtax basis for certain fixed assets. This matter was discovered internally, and dates back to1999 when we converted our tax basis fixed asset data to a new accountingsystem. This tax adjustment waspartially offset by net tax benefits from other changes as well as tax reserveadjustment changes. In Q4 '07, cash flowof $373 million is a $116 million dollar improvement over Q4 '06's $257 milliondollar. So let me summarize '07 results. Our earnings for the year of $0.75 per share versus the$0.58 per share loss for fiscal year '06 represent $1.33 per share turnaround. As I said, each segment's profitabilityimproved over fiscal year 2006 and this was driven by cost efficiencies andbetter overall pricing. We achieved $27 billion dollars in sales, our highest ever,and this is a new milestone. Ouroperating cash flow improved $306 million from the prior year. Capital expenditures totaled $285 milliondollars. Our debt balance of $2.78 billion dollars is almost $0.5billion dollars better than the year-end 2006, and we are at the lowest debtlevel since prior to the 2001 IBP acquisition. Our debt to EBITDA ratio is now under 2.4. Next, I feel great about the significantprogress that we are making. Now let me talk to fiscal year '08 outlook. Our full-year guidance is a range of $0.30 to$0.70 per share. This $0.40 range inearnings reflects our view that we will experience significant volatility inthe beef industry and in the grain markets. Because of the current beef dynamics webelieve that Q1 will be our most challenging quarter in fiscal year '08. We project the following information for fiscal year '08. Revenues for the fiscal year to beapproximately $28 billion dollars, net interest expense is expected to bearound $200 million dollars, depreciation and amortization is expected to bearound $520 million dollars. Capital spending will go up compared to fiscal year '07 andwe expect a range of $425 to $475 million dollars. Our tax rate for full fiscal year 2008 isexpected to be 35% to 36%. Weighted average shares will be approximately $356 million,and we continue to believe that our debt and balance sheet will be in goodshape, but due to the uncertainty of timing around potential internationalacquisitions and joint ventures, we are not going to forecast a specific debttarget at this time. I'm now going to turn the call back over to Dick for adiscussion on the segments.
Dick Bond: Thanks Wade. Now, I'd like to give you some more detail about our segmentperformance starting first with Chicken. Our Chicken segment sales for the fourthquarter increased on higher pricing despite lower volume. Volume was lower due to fewer operations in Alabama, wherewe sold two commodity plants and chose not to rebuild another following a fire. When adjusted for these three plants,volume was actually higher for the quarter compared to a year ago. Operating income for the year improved $227 million versusfiscal '06 despite a negative $334 million grain impact. Operating efficiencies and pricing were theprimary drivers for the improvement. We had two major product launches in our Chicken segment in2007. Our retail fresh chicken convertedto a raise without antibiotics platform and it has been very successful withour customers and consumers. We're also excited about the Any'tizer product launch, whichhas been one of Tyson's most successful initiatives. Retailer acceptance has been outstanding. In the first few months, we achieved 84% ACV. This means if you go into a grocery store, there is an 84%chance you'll find Any'tizers and of the 10 varieties available, retailers arepicking up six or seven on average, which is outstanding. The ‘Thank You, Mom’ commercials supporting Any'tizers wasone of the top 10 most recalled new TV ads. Our ad ranked seventh out of 407 newcommercials airing that period, so, we are very pleased with the effectivenessof our advertising. Looking ahead at 2008 for the Chicken segment, based on ourcurrent markets, we anticipate increased grain costs in excess of an additional$300 million versus 2007. Although wewill be working to mitigate that through risk management and pricing. We think chicken supplies industry wide will be up 3% to 4%over 2007 levels, and Tyson will be a healthy participant in that growth. We have great sales momentum in both ourconsumer products and food service channels and will increase our productionvolume as needed to meet our customer's expectations. Now, I'm going to move on to the Beef segment. The Beef segment had a $35 million dollar operatingincome improvement over the fourth quarter of 2006 and a $331 million increasefor the year due to improved execution, better yields, lower operating costs,and enhanced pricing. The Beef margin spread improved as did capacity utilization,which was in the low 80's this year, compared to the mid 70’s last year. In 2008, I believe the herd will expand byonly 0.5% when it should be 1.5% to 2% higher in this point in the cattlecycle. As you likely read in the press, the industry is processingtoo many cattle relative to supply and demand, severely compressing margins. As we have entered the new fiscal year, we areseeing a very difficult and volatile environment for the beef industry. However, the conditions we see now historically have alimited duration. In addition, we havegreatly improved our own operational execution, which puts us in a goodposition relative to our competition. Inthe fourth quarter, our pork segment sales were up due to higher volume,although pricing decreased slightly. Operating income improved $88 million dollars year-to-datecompared to fiscal '06. We significantlyimproved our execution in the pork segment as well and we benefited from abetter spread and higher capacity utilization. In 2008, pork supply should be up 1% to 2% andwe anticipate our pork segment will perform better in 2008 than 2007. I want to take a minute to acknowledge our Fresh MeatsGroup. In fiscal '07 their executionalimprovements in beef and pork totaled more than $300 million over fiscal '06. That's just a tremendous accomplishment and Iwant to recognize them for doing such a great job in strengthening ourcompetitive position. We believe we are back to being an industry leader in cost,revenue, and yield, based on our results as compared to published industrydata. Operating income in the Prepared Foodssegment showed a $4 million dollar improvement in the fourth quarter and $36million for the year, primarily due to higher average sales prices. Prepared Foods had a decrease in sales dollars and volume inpart due to a very unusual situation with one QSR customer. This situation was temporary and we don'texpect it to be an issue going forward. Inaddition, our cold deli volume was down as we exited some low profit,non-strategic business. However, exiting these businesses will improve operatingincome. With an SKU rationalizationproject largely complete and lower pork raw material costs anticipated goinginto 2008, we expect the Prepared Foods segment profitability and volume toimprove over 2007. Turning to our international business, Tyson de Mexicoimproved due to better execution and overall market conditions. In China, we are very close to completing twopotentially integrated joint ventures and we are also nearing completion of anintegrated poultry deal in Brazil. We expect to close two deals by the end of second quarterwith the third in third quarter. Inclosing, I'd like to say despite the current market conditions, I am veryoptimistic about our future because Tyson is a much stronger company and is abetter positioned company for the long-term. We are the leader in accelerating innovation and we have agreat team. They are the primary reasonTyson Foods is and will remain one of the world's leading food companies. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Judy for yourquestions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital, you may ask your question.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Dick Bond: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital: I had two questions, you kind of look at your guidance fornext year of $0.30 to $0.70.  Your cost savings roughly, call it, about $0.50 on an annualbasis. You're moving up the scale interms of higher value-added products. The $0.30 to $0.70 kind of makes me think that it's still avery cyclical business rather than that there's really a growth outlook andDick, you said, “We have great optimism”. It seems contrary a little bit in terms of,and I know there's no nice way of asking this question. But it seems like on one side, you're making progress but onthe earnings side, you're still not moving in the right direction. Can you just give a little color on that?
Dick Bond: Ken, that's a great question, and I will start and if Wadewants to add, he is more than welcome, too, but I think there's probably threedynamics there. I mean, from aninnovation perspective, we are the leader. We are going to increase our new products, sales pounds inPrepared Food, in Chicken, in Beef and in Pork. I mean, there's no doubt about that. This is a longer-term view that we have totake here. We have two situations that we're going to have to deal within 2008. One, on the Chicken side isanother $300 plus million dollars in grain increases that we're going to haveto work hard to raise prices where we can and to mitigate that risk through ourrisk management activities. The second thing is that we are in a very current volatileand difficult beef situation. So basedon our current situation, we could be well over $1 even if Beef were to breakeven for the year, but I don't know at this point that that's going to happen. I do believe that the beef situation is short-term, butthose are the things that are really driving us to put that $0.30 to $0.70 inthere, we are doing the right things. Wedo have a much stronger company, and we are still excited about the future.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital: And my other question is, in your commentary, you said thebeef losses have limited duration or you made a phrase about limited duration. What gives you the comfort that there is sucha thing as limited duration given that one of the competitors out there seemsto be relatively aggressive in the capacity increases? I guess that's kind of the way I look at it.
Dick Bond: Again, historically, when these types of things happen, theyare of a limited duration. I meanthere's no doubt about that. And I wouldalso say to you that the aggressive competitor that you referred to hasprobably already backed off from that level of aggressiveness.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital: Thank you.
Wade Miquelon: I would add Ken, that if you look at where our business istoday versus a year or two ago, we really do believe that now we are back tobest-in-class yield, best-in-class cost, best-in-class pricing, and so I thinkin these temporary situations, that's where you want to be positioned.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital: Great, thank you.
Operator: Tim Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Tim Ramey - D.A.Davidson: Good morning.
Dick Bond: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Ramey - D.A.Davidson: This will sort of be a follow-up to Ken's question. It wasn't obvious to me why you should have asequential grain issue as large as the one that you have. Is that just because you had favorable hedging last yearthat you don't have this year or can you flesh that out just a little bit more?
Dick Bond: Tim, it really is nothing more than based on the forwardcurve of where the grain markets are today relative to what we paid for grainon an actual basis for 2007.
Wade Miquelon: And for perspective, about every one penny move in say,corn, with an indicative in soy is about $3 million dollars to us so that'sfiscal, if you recall. Grain started tomove in the O&D period, there's a P&L lag of two to three months, as wepointed out, from the flow through but then it moved again in the JFM period. If you take that the weighted average P&L effect and youlook at where it's going at that point in time in the forward curve you get toabout a $1 differential which is around that $300 million dollar mark.
Tim Ramey - D.A.Davidson: Dick, relative to your comment on Beef, should we assumethen that you are factoring in significant losses in your outlook for the Beefsegment for '08?
Dick Bond: Certainly in that range, yes.
Tim Ramey - D.A.Davidson: Okay. Many of yourcomments this morning seem like sort of shots across the bow of competitors,the idea that you would be a "healthy participant" in a 3% to 4%increase in volume in the Chicken business sounds to me like almost reminiscentof the death march rhetoric of years gone by. Am I interpreting that wrong or are you sort of saying no,we're not going to let market share go away here?
Dick Bond: Tim, I'm not saying we are driving for market share at all. What I'm saying is that based on where we arefrom a sell in, whether that be on national accounts, on foodservice, or wherewe are on the retail side on consumer products, we are seeing an increase insales and we're going to take advantage of that and to increase our sales, wehave to have an increase in production. So, this is not driven by “market share”, it's driven bywhat our business unit people are doing and our Tyson team are doing to be moreeffective sellers, take advantage of our cost positions, take advantage of ourimproved economics and work on that.
Wade Miquelon: I'd also say, Tim, over the last couple of years we've donea lot. We've rationalized, as you know,the Beef assets, we've sold off commodity assets on the poultry side and done alot to refocus our business on our core. And we feel now that we've done that both fromour focus point of view as well as our cost structure point of view that we'rewell positioned to grow the core strategic parts of our business and that'swhat we're going to do.
Tim Ramey - D.A.Davidson: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Dick Bond: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: A question for you on the grain, it looks like in the fourthquarter you had a loss, a hedge loss on your grain. Am I reading that right?
Wade Miquelon: I think in the fourth quarter we might have had somenegative but, again, remember there's an offset there.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess myquestion then is the $300 million that you put before us this morning forfiscal '08 does that include any hedge losses?
Dick Bond: No, Diane, all that is a straightforward calculation on theforward curve. It does not include anypositive or negative potentially from mitigation or risk control. I mean, we would hope to be able to mitigatesome of that.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. I just wantedto clarify that. And then I guess, justto follow-up on Tim's question, do you, in your commentary really from yourpresentation about if even you could see well in excess of $1 of earnings evenif Beef broke even, but so, does that mean you expect Beef to have a significantloss in fiscal '08? I guess I'm justtrying to marry those two comments together.
Dick Bond: Let me clarify what I said there now. I said based on current conditions and basedon current conditions that would be true, but recognize, again, as Wade said,we're not feeling all of this increase in grain yet. So, because the grain popped here relatively recently, Isaid that based on current run rates, so you have to factor in the fact that weare going to have some increase in grains here later in the year. So, what I said was true, but you have tofactor that into the balance of the year as well.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. So I'm justtrying to get clarity on whether you think Beef will lose money in fiscal '08or not?
Dick Bond: I will answer that by saying that within the range of $0.30to $0.70, we have Beef potentially losing money in the bottom half of thatrange.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Well, and justmaybe this is something for later after the management presentation, but justlooking back to when Tyson acquired IBP and kind of the performance of the Beefdivision and I know you've done a lot of work to get your cost structure inline and some of these recent problems in Beef are sort of out of your controlbecause of the behavior of another participant in the industry. But it just kind of brings back the question to me about thelevel of volatility Beef adds to your P&L and just at what point do youdetermine that the benefits of being kind of one face to the customer on allproteins, at what point is that outweighed by the level of volatility that Beefadds to your earnings stream?
Dick Bond: Diane, again, that's a very, very good question. Let me go back to the first point and talk alittle bit about just Beef in general. Becausewe have not been able to get our exports back to 2003 levels, I would tell youthat is the biggest contributor to not allowing us to get back to normalizedranges on Beef.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Yes, but I guess the question is it ever going to be back to2003 levels Has there been a systemic change in beef because of the loss of theexport markets that makes beef more unattractive today than it was when Tysonacquired IBP?
Dick Bond: Well, let me finish my…
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Oh, I'm sorry.
Dick Bond: Just one second here. So I do believe that at some point in time, wewill get trade re-established but your question is a valid one. How long should we deal with that uncertainty? So I would tell you that we are, in fact, doing from astrategic standpoint looking at all the different options around all of oursegments. So, I don't think I'm going tosay anything anymore than that, but you're right. It is something that as a management team, weowe that to our shareholders to do that.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay, all right. Well,I appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Operator: Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Good morning. Thankyou.
Dick Bond: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: I guess I just wanted to, I'm sorry to keep hammering homeon this, Dick, but, I think, I know it's not your fault that the Street got outahead of expectations but the Street got with some aggressive expectations. But, I guess, coming into the year, did you reallyanticipate if you go back to January, did you anticipate with some of thecomments you've made throughout the year about what mid-cycle earnings could possiblybe, a beef business that, not just from a short-term perspective but from along-term perspective would be in better shape than it’s right now, but, Imean, do you think there's a permanent impairment here?
Dick Bond: I don't really believe that. Again, it comes back to getting our exportmarkets back, making sure that we're operating as good a business as wepossibly can. And as you said, we can'tcontrol certain things in this business.
Wade Miquelon: I guess the other thing I would add is if we go back to Q3for example, I think we were about a percent, so about half a percent from thelower end of our range. We are movingnicely towards there. I think, some short-term disruptions have changed that a bitbut I would still say we improved $330 million year-on-year in the Beef segmentdespite overall tighter spreads. And soI think fundamentally for the long-term, we are positioned much better versusthe relative competitive set and versus where we were to take advantage of themove.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Sure. I guess, I mean, could you, I know you've made anumber of comments about the mid-cycle earnings potential of the company being,I think, of just heard in the $1.50 range. I mean, Wade, would you still say that was, is possiblegiven what appear to be the realities in the beef business?
Wade Miquelon: I believe so. I mean,everybody has their own view on beef, obviously, but if beef were tracking tonormalized, all other things to be considered right now based on where wecurrently are, I mean we'd be very close to that range.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Thanks. And just onefollow-up on that, could we get to, and I know this might be a tough questionto answer. But can you envision a world,Dick, from all your experience in the beef business, where exports don't comeback to 2003 levels? Let's say, if they stay at the 50% of 2003 approximatelylevels that they are today and get back to that normalized beef vision justthrough cost savings and, say, the gradually better utilization that willhappen just from domestic growth?
Dick Bond: I would say that probably not to the average but probably tothe low side of the range, yes.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Okay. Well thanksvery much. Look forward to meetingtoday.
Operator: Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Dick Bond: Good morning.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Inc.: Could you just share with us, what your capacity utilizationwas for beef, pork, and chicken in 2007, and kind of what your outlook is for'08?
Dick Bond: Farha, I mean, we have talked about beef was in the mid 70’s,it was about 76 and it went up to about 81, a little over 81. Pork actually went up 2%, just about 2percentage points to 83.5, so from 81 to roughly 83.5. Chicken's a little bit harder to do and harder to capture,but based, again, on our sales momentum. We are looking to increase that capacityutilization on chicken by about 3 to 3.5 percentage points.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Inc.: So does that mean your volume in Chicken, do you anticipategoing up about 3 to 3.5% in 2008 or would we look for more like the 5% to fullyrestore the cuts you had put in place?
Dick Bond: Again, depending upon our sales momentum and demanding uponwhat we're getting done in terms of the sales side will dictate what we'regoing to do there. 
Farha Aslam -Stephens Inc.: And when you think about Chicken pricing and kind ofoffsetting this $300 million dollar increase in grain with pricing, how muchpricing do you think the industry will be able to sustain on the food serviceside and then on the retail side? 
Wade Miquelon: I think over time, we're fairly confident that it be able tosustain almost all of it. The issuereally is one of timing. Whether ittakes three months or six month or nine months and how the annual contractsmove and also some of the international picture and then how supply ultimatelyshakes out. But again, I think over time history would suggest that weshould be able to recover all of that, it really is a mater of timing, though. 
Farha Aslam -Stephens Inc.: So you anticipate somewhat of a lag and that's part of thereason for your guidance for next year? 
Dick Bond: I sure do.
Farha Aslam -Stephens Inc.: And my last question on Beef. Have you factored in sort of that increasingamount of cattle being available in six months or so or would that be just anadditional positive potentially?
Dick Bond: If the herd in terms of available for slaughter is betterthan that half a percent of where we think at this point, then certainly thatwould be a positive because more cattle generally yields higher potentialmargins anyway. 
Farha Aslam -Stephens Inc.: Okay. Great, thankyou very much.
Dick Bond: Thank you.
Operator: Christine McCracken with ClevelandResearch.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Wade Miquelon: Good morning.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Just on Beef, I wanted to touch on a few of your comments. You said that based on history you should seekind of a return to normal conditions over a relatively short amount of time,but wouldn't you argue that the conditions today are a bit different than whatwe've seen in the past? And we've talked about expansion in the herd now for a whileand I'm wondering if it isn't the shift in weights that's made up for some ofthat expansion that we should have seen and in fact we may never get a hugeherd expansion like we've seen in the past, that maybe this is a change in theindustry that's going to force some capacity out of the industry and why hasn'tsomeone already done this?
Dick Bond: Christine, I'm not sure that I can answer that question. I mean, in terms of why someone hasn't donethis or that but I would still tell you that normally, when we get into thecurrent type situations that we have, they are going to be relatively shortlived, some dynamic will change either a reduction in processing, somethingwill happen that will change the current dynamics. But I don't think anything is fundamentally different aboutthis one but I do believe, like I did say earlier, it will be very difficult toget to be anywhere near normalized without exports, without maybe a betterbalance between supply and demand, but those are the things that we're going tohave to deal with.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: And when you talk about the balance between supply anddemand, though, wouldn't you argue that right now we have excess capacity inthe industry?
Wade Miquelon: There's no doubt. Wehave excess capacity in the industry and we believe that, again, as what I havesaid earlier, we positioned ourselves I think extremely well at the currenttime.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: And it's not your intention then to take kind of aleadership role as the largest beef processor and shut down some capacity atthis point? 
Wade Miquelon: I think we have taken a leadership role. Over the last couple of years we've shut downover two facilities, so….
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: All right, well then just on Canada, you guys obviously havea facility up there and it seems like the same type of fundamentals arenegatively impacting that facility. Then you're also dealing with kind of the labor constraints. Has that situation improved at all or isthat kind of all in the same kind of boat as what we're seeing here in the U.S.?
Dick Bond: Well, the labor situation has definitely improved. Still not where we want to be but it is a lotbetter than what it was, so that's been a positive. The biggest issue in Canadaright now is the ratio of the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar and how thathas changed is probably the single most thing that is impacting the Canadianresults.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Okay.
Wade Miquelon: But I would say for '07 versus '06, we saw the same kind ofprogress in Canadaas we did in domestic foods.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: All right, I'll talk to you more at the meeting. Thanks.
Operator: Pablo Zuanic with JPMorgan. 
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: Good morning, everyone.
Dick Bond: Good morning Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: Just a question on the Beef side again, but if I think ofthe cycle, forget about Swift and what they are doing and even let's leaveaside whether export markets open or not and we just concentrate on the supplyside. I mean, you are guiding for growth in the cattle supplies,other people that we talk to in the industry are talking about flat numbers oractually cattle declining. The argumentthey make is drought, economics, also even generational change in some cases,so is there a risk here that the cycle could actually turn and that cattlesupplies could actually start to decrease? What would you say about that?
Dick Bond: Well, Pablo, I would say I don't believe that. I don't think that is true. We should still be in an expansion mode forthe number of cattle that we should have available for slaughter through late2009 and into 2010. And while I don'tthink it would be at a normal rate we are going, to see in my opinion, we'llsee the FIS level increase roughly half a percent in 2008.
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: Okay. And just tryingto understand the volatility of the Chicken business, I mean, obviously, youlost money during 2006. When we'relooking at your guidance of $0.30 to $0.70 for '08, could you give us a rangeof what that assumes for Chicken, roughly? In terms of EBIT for Chicken, what's the rangethat you're assuming there, roughly?
Dick Bond: No. I mean, historicallywe haven’t, and I don't believe I'm going to get to that level of detail foryou today.
Wade Miquelon: And I would just say embedded in that range of guidance isthe volatility that there's an unknown of how much of that $300 million grain wecan absorb. I mean if you do the math,$300 million dollars is $0.60 so there's a lot of volatility in there and itreally is an issue of how much of that we can recoup through pricing, cost reduction,or what not.
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: Okay. Now, I can dothe math but if you had been in the spot market for grains in fiscal year '07,how much of your increase would have been? Your increase report is $256 and my math if ithad been in the spot market it would have been about $400 million. I mean, can you give us some color therebecause it seems to me you already to other companies really were able to pushback the impact from grain cost through hedging, but just roughly from a spotmarket perspective where would you have been in grains in '07?
Wade Miquelon: If we hadn't done any hedging, well, that number thereeffectively is pre-hedge, that $334 million. And we did have some hedging, of course, youcan see that in the footnotes there, but I would say that 70% of it was nothedged and was fully passed through in pricing.
Dick Bond: The number was the $256. So it's $256 relative to $334.
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: Right, okay, and just one last one, when I look at yourvalue-added business, that 70% of the business, can you just comment in termsof how those negotiations are going so far and in your case, do they reallytake place at the end of the year like they do for other companies? Just some comments there.
Dick Bond: Well, in general, we are in the selling season for thosetypes of annual contracts that generally is an October, November, December kindof time frame that those contracts take place and we're in the midst of themright now.
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: Okay, but Dick, just a last question. Given that we have all of this grainvolatility, is there an effort to try to move more into cost plus contracts orjust a raise in the market for that? Imean, customers are not ready to do that.
Dick Bond: We are trying to mitigate and work towards as many marketrelated contracts as we can or to have escalators in there for grain, so we areworking to do as much of that as we possibly can so that we don't necessarilyhave to bear all that risk.
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: Okay. And if I mayjust one very last one. Regarding theRussian ban on 17 plants here in the U.S., what's your outlook there? Do you think that's temporary for half ofthem? When does this get resolved? Is it as big an issue if there's stillanother, whatever, 70 plants that can export to Russia?
Dick Bond: Pablo, I don't know how long it's going to last, there willbe at the some point a government to government solution here, no doubt. We were only affected, really, in three plantsand we still have 13 or 14 plants that we can still export to Russiaand we've developed a very good strategy around spreading that base of businessand we don't feel threatened by where that is today.
Pablo Zuanic -JPMorgan: All right, thank you.
Operator: Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good morning.
Dick Bond: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: I guess first question has to do with the change in CAPEX infiscal 2008. It's a pretty big jump. What is the reasoning behind that?
Dick Bond: Well, $285 in'07, if you'll look back at our history was almost half of what the number ofyears were in previous years, so we really, really cut back hard in 2007. It takes about $220 to $230 million just inmaintenance CAPEX to take care of the facilities, so we have said that we aregoing to do more profit improvement and cost reduction type of capital spendingin fiscal '08. So, our range is that $425 to $475 and quite frankly, ifresults and we're on the lower side of that range, then we'll probably have tocut back and will cut back a little bit on that CAPEX, but I believe that thethings that we are doing, again, will enhance our business for the long-term.
Wade Miquelon: I think we've kind of always said that we believe thesustainable right number for us is in the 80% to 90% of D&A type range.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, the bulk ofthe difference is really cost related projects and productivity?
Wade Miquelon: We call them profit improvements. So, you have the base, obviously, maintenanceand required, which I think Dick alluded to was $200 to $250, beyond that arereally the MPV strategic type projects, what we call profit improvementprojects.
Eric Katzman - DeutscheBank: Okay. And then secondquestion. Dick, you mentioned severalpotential deals here. Is that factoredin any way into the earnings outlook or interest expense or anything else youmentioned in terms of forward forecast?
Dick Bond: Well, like I say, we're not 100% sure when all these aregoing to close. As I said, we do expecttwo of them to close before the end of second quarter. We do believe all of them will be accretive;however, the results for '08 are probably not going to be very impactiveoverall for fiscal '08.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then lastquestion on Chicken, I think kind of following up on Pablo's question. The 3% to 4% industry growth number or let meclarify. The 3% to 4% number that you talkedin about Chicken in your prepared remarks, is that what you expect the industryto be up or you to be up based on what you're doing in the marketplace?
Dick Bond: That's in industry. Iwas doing an expectation on the industry including us with the 3% to 4%.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. And is that,that's a volume number or a sales number?
Dick Bond: That is a pounds increase.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. And, I guess,are you surprised given the, let's say, upward bias on feed cost that theindustry seems to be ramping up as quickly as it is? I mean, I know we've had a bit of a breatherhere on feed cost and the pricing has been pretty good, but are you kind ofsurprised that the industry is kind of. I guess, expanding as quickly or do you think that the 3% to4% is enough to, let's say, take share from other proteins and that pricing isnot necessarily at risk?
Dick Bond: Again, I would say that, as Wade said, it will take time torecover the grain increases that we're anticipating, so I think there is alittle bit of risk if you say we can get all of that immediately, we know wecan but over time, on the relativity of Chicken from a value perspective, atleast compared to Beef, certainly, which is very high priced on a comparisonbasis, there could be some movement between proteins there in terms of thedemand side.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: I'll let it go in a second but I guess I'm just a little bitsurprised that between you and Pilgrims you now have 50 plus percent share ofthe market, maybe not consolidated enough, but, I guess, given the bias on thefeed cost. I'm just a little bit surprised that the supply is going togo up so much if these, if we're in the contract period and marginal guys wantto make some money, but anyway, I'll leave it there and we'll talk in a bit.
Dick Bond: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Edgar Roesch, with Banc ofAmerica Securities.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America Securities: Hi. Good morning.
Dick Bond: Good morning.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America Securities: Just want to check in with you one last question remains onthe incremental benefit in fiscal '08 from renewable fuels, if you could let usknow what that benefit is versus '07? Thanks.
Wade Miquelon: Well the benefit in '08 won't be significant, but I think aswe talked in latter years, it starts to compound and gets just for the Conocodeal on that side I think we said $0.04 to $0.16 accretive over time in thatrange and we feel that's very much on track and then I don't believe we put outa number Syntroleum.
Dick Bond: But if you remember that, those things ramp up, Syntroleumand the Dynamic Fuels joint venture really doesn't start until, really, Januaryof 2010, and the Conoco ramp up begins here in December but it ramps up over an18-month period, so for fiscal '08, there isn't, again, a huge impact fromrenewable energy in fiscal '08.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America Securities: Okay. Thanks verymuch.
Dick Bond: Well, if there are no other questions, we thank you forbeing with us this morning. Lookingforward to the management presentations here shortly and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-07-30 09:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener - VP of IR and Assistant Secretary   Richard L. Bond - President and CEO   Wade D. Miquelon - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company   Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.   Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities   Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.   Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets   Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities   Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company 
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation we will conduct a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may wish to disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Ruth Wisener. Ms. Ruth Wisener, you may begin. 
Ruth Ann Wisener - Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today are, Dick Bond, our President and CEO; and Wade Miquelon, our Chief Financial Officer.  Before we move on to discuss the operating performance for the quarter, I want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today may include forward-looking statements. That means those statements are going to be based on our view of the world as we know it today and that means things can change. So, I would encourage you to look at today's press release for a discussion of the risks that can affect our business. I am now going to turn things over to Dick Bond. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Ruth Ann and good morning. Good morning to all our investors, our analysts and team members. We are glad you could join us for Tyson Foods third quarter 2007 earnings call. This is another strong quarter for us and I give the credit for our continued turnaround to the Tyson team. Their focus has made the difference and has resulted in a $569 million year-to-date turnaround in operating income versus 2006.  Earnings per share were $0.31 versus a loss of $0.15 in the same period last year. Sales dollars, operating income and operating margins were greatly improved over the third quarter of 2006 and were up over the second quarter of '07 as well. Volumes were lower in chicken, beef and prepared foods primarily as a result of planned production cuts and the impact of price increases.  Our management team has shown great leadership and the willingness to make tough choices. If something needed to be changed or stopped we have done it. If entirely new methods are to be used we have done that as well. Most importantly, we have stripped away most of the non-value added costs; I'll discuss the impact of those decisions in a moment, but before that I am going to turn the call over to our CFO Wade Miquelon. 
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Dick. In Q3 '07 we achieved earnings $0.31 per share. This compares to a loss of $0.15 per share in Q3 '06. This dramatic $0.46 year-over-year improvement is a result of strong performance in all 4 segments and continues to be driven by improved cost efficiencies and better pricing.  For the quarter, a couple of reconciling items to mention include a net gain of $9.8 million from the sale of two poultry plants partially offset by a charge of $5.2 million for the software related asset impairment. Additionally, our third quarter results include a year-on-year negative net grain impact of $113 million which represents $120 million corn and soybean meal increased net of a $7 million positive commodity risk management impact.  Our third quarter debt balance of $2.98 billion were not as strong as we had hoped was distorted from payable received timing items and also the significant increases in working capital fueled by sales growth. Still our debt to EBITDA ratio continues to improve and is now under 2.9.  Guidance, now let's talk about the remainder of the year as we enter into the fourth quarter. Our third quarter results build on the improvements delivered in the first half of the fiscal year. We have revised our full year guidance upward to a range of $0.82 to $0.92 per share. Although this range reflects a slight EPS reduction quarter-over-quarter, it is primarily a function of increased spend related to our "Thank You, Mom" ad campaign, and chicken segment projected to be slightly lower due to the impact of recent softening of breast meat prices as well as the effect of a $9.8 million gain recognized in Q3 for the sale of our two commodity plants.  We project this following specific information for the remainder of fiscal year '07. Revenues for the fiscal year to be $27 billion. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be about $515 million. We expect capital spending to come in under $300 million, net interest expense is expected to be around $220 million, our tax rate for the full fiscal is expected to be around 35%. Weighted average shares will be approximately $356 million, our net debt position will continue to decline and we should finish the year at around $2.7 billion leaving us with a debt to EBITDA ratio below 2.5 by the fiscal yearend.  I feel great about the progress we are making. Our team members are working across the business units for the good of the Company and it's gratifying to see how their result has led to the overall strengthening of Tyson Foods. Our central philosophy is to have a willingness to invest but not a willingness to waste. And in that vein we must strike the proper balance to deliver short-term results without compromising our long-term objectives and we will.  Now I am going to turn the call back over to Dick for discussion on the segments. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Wade. I am going to start first with chicken. Our chicken sales increased a $146 million and operating income increased to $154 million over the third quarter of 2006. Year-to-date operating income is up $156 million over the same period last year. Third quarter sales prices were up nearly 19% although volume was down almost 10%. A third of the lower volume is attributed to the sales of two commodity poultry plants as well as a plant destroyed by fire. Another third is due to reduced leg quarter inventories from the high levels of last year and the remaining third is due to plant production cuts. Grain impact excluding risk management activities was $120 million for the quarter and $229 million for fiscal year-to-date. Near the end of the third quarter we launched, Raised Without Antibiotics, fresh chicken in the retail market and it has been received very well.  Though expanded distribution with current customers along with the acquisition of new accounts, our fresh chicken volume is up almost 35 million pounds on an annualized basis as a result of this initiative and we see significant sales potential going forward.  Retailer interest has allowed us to penetrate markets in areas where we had limited distribution. We are proceeding with plans to convert the Deli Rotisserie and Marinated Raw Breaded chicken to be Raised Without Antibiotics platform later on this summer.  Earlier this month we announced Any'tizers, a line of restaurant quality appetizers that can be enjoyed any time and we anticipate this line of frozen products to do extremely well. Customers representing 89% of the all channel food volume have accepted Any'tizers. On average, these customers took 7 out of the 10 items which was exactly on target. We began shipping on July 8th and Any'tizers are beginning to show up in freezer cases across the country.  These segment continues its turnaround as sales increased $330 million and operating income increased $43 million over third quarter of fiscal '06. Operating income for the nine months of fiscal of -- '07 is up $296 million over the same period last year.  Volumes were down in the third quarter primarily due to lower carcass weights. Our operating margin was 1% moving towards our historical normalized range. Conversion costs improved by 7.6% versus the same quarter last year as a result of operating cost efficiencies and plant rationalizations. In addition, yields improved significantly. We also benefited from improved margin spreads and favorable risk management activities.  Capacity utilization improved year-over-year from the low to the mid 80's. While some people have voiced concern about tightening cattle supplies, I'd like to remind everyone that even though placements are down, the July 1 "Cattle on Feed" report indicated the feedlot supply was down just slightly from last year's herd and it is still the third highest in the past 10 years.  Turning to pork; our pork sales increased $99 million and operating income increased $25 million over the third quarter of '06. Operating income for the nine months of fiscal '07 is up $78 million over the same period last year. Operating results in the third quarter benefited from improved margin spreads, strong export sales particularly to Japan and increased sales volume due to strong case ready sales.  Our team members have done a great job in reducing costs and improving yields. Despite a tightening spread, we maintain pricing and improved capacity utilization to 80% compared to 76% in the third quarter last year.  Pricing improvements lead to a $5 million sales increase in the Prepared Foods segments. Operating income increased $13 million over the third quarter of '06 although higher raw material costs minimized gains. Operating income for the nine months of fiscal '07 is up $31 million over the same period last year.  In the past we've talked about internalizing raw materials and it goes well beyond bellies to bacon. For example, we are using and developing more sauces from our plants in Fort Worth in Chicago for a broader range of our own prepared foods. This reduces the need to purchase sauces from external suppliers and improves the efficiencies of our operations.  In our second quarter call, I told you about a national fast-casual restaurant chain that had recently asked us for help with a summer sandwich promotion, I'd like to report that from our initial meeting in the discovery center in April to a national launch we've achieved this in 60 days. We are supplying meat and sandwich spreads so that this is a tremendous success story for our prepared food segment as well as for our discovery center.  Now turning from the domestic to our international results. Total export sales were up $661 million... I am sorry total export sales were $661 million up 31% from the third quarter last year and we experienced stronger pricing across all three proteins during the quarter. Within chicken, lower volumes and higher sales prices, leg quarters contributed $70 million more dollars to third quarter sales. Third quarter 2007 volumes were down because we were working to reduce large inventories in the third quarter of 2006 which resulted in unusually high sales volumes.  The news stories recently about China banning all Tyson products were inaccurate. We continue to do business with China and they are an excellent trading partner. Not only have we done a good job of growing our leg quarter exports to China but also to Asia, Africa and the Middle East. By having multiple international outlets as well as focusing on growing domestic demand for dark meat, we are creating a more diversified customer base.  Within beef, we believe we will move towards improved international beef trade, Taiwan and South Korea should normalize this fall and by the end of the calendar year we expect Japan to change its current practices and allow imports of 30-month and under cattle.  Within pork, overall boxed pork export sales were higher than the same period last year, but Mexico could not keep pace with last year's record volumes. We did however maintain our market share. Strong interest in Japan replaced some of that lost volume.  Now I am going to talk briefly about the discovery center. The discovery center has sure lived up to our expectations. The facility along with our strong food service consumer products and R&D teams has provided a great environment to innovate and create growth for Tyson and our valued customers. In less than six months, 50 of our largest customers representing more than a-third of our total business have utilized Tyson's discovering process to develop consumer insights, creating new food solutions, and utilize our unique resources. We're excited about the opportunities we can create with our customers to drive their growth and ours.  Now just briefly on our cost management initiative. For the nine months of fiscal '07, we've experienced a 12.4% reduction in SG&A. Our team has done a great job in controlling cost and it's reflected in the Company's performance.  We've already surpassed our original $200 million cost management initiative goal for 2007 and we expect to exceed $250 million for the fiscal year.  In conclusion as I've said many times, we can't save our way to prosperity and we've been working to create new growth opportunities. I mentioned earlier about our Raised Without Antibiotics and Any'tizers product launches. We started the new "Thank you, Mom" advertising campaign and our renewable fuels ventures are very exciting. And there are more innovations in the pipeline.  There are always challenges in our business and despite significant improvement; our company will not be immune. However, I couldn't be more optimistic about the long-term future of the Company. We're developing an agile, high performing organization focused on achieving our long-term success to excellence in demand creation, pricing and supply chain. We're going to keep innovating with our customer partners and building international trade relationships to create more gain changers for our Company.  In closing, I want to thank everyone at Tyson Foods. I'm running out of adjectives to describe how pleased I am with the work of our team members over the past year and I know they will continue generating new ideas for growth and cost management.  I thank you all for your attention and now I will turn the call over to Susan for your questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator: Thank you sir.  [Operator Instructions]  Our first question comes from Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research. Your line is open 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Good morning. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just want to touch on your comments related to beef, I think you said that, you are not really concerned about the outlook for beef given that we still have the third... I think largest herd on record and still I think when I look at your utilization rates in beef now in the mid 80's. I think that when we look at the latest data, it seems like we still not growing the herd up to your expectations at least but you'd said earlier in terms of expansion. I am wondering what's it going to take for the industry to get in better balance. Is it that we need to shut more capacity or what's going to turn that industry around? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Christine, I think it's a couple of things. I think if you just look at pure supply there probably is enough animals that are going to be available to us in the short term. When I think what will help longer term is getting our export markets back. As I said I think that between Korea, Taiwan, Japan and China I think by the end of the calendar year we will have a much better export situation for us and for the industry than we do today. There is no doubt that in the industry today there still is enough capacity; that's for sure. But that is what it is and we are just going to have to be able to play in that game and be the most efficient and be the low cost producer and be the one that is there driving value for our customers and for our Company. 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: So what happens when now JBS has announced they are going to go to a second shift at Greeley [ph], isn't that going to make the situation even worse and how does that fit with I guess your expectations for further improvement in that segment? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, again JBS is going to do what JBS is going to do and we can't again change that. So we have to mange our business as well as we possibly can and I still think that the improvement in exports along with our own internal work will keep us very, very competitive in this business. 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, and just then just one follow-up on Country of Origin Labeling, there has been some progress there I guess in terms of some visibility around when that will come. How does that affect your cost structure I guess in beef and pork and how are you going to adjust for that? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, now there hasn't really been anything finalized yet. There has been an amendment that's attached to the foreign bill that has hit the house floor and hasn't been through compromise, it hasn't been through the Senate yet. So it is really hard to say where this is going to end up. But the revisions to the original co-legislation are better for us in that the segregation costs should not be as much as they once could have been the way the law was originally written. If in fact we do get a compromise through the Senate and end up with the law, the way the house has approved it at this point. So yes it is going to have a cost impact. It doesn't have as great of a cost impact as it once could have again if it comes out the way it is currently written. 
Christine L. McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Alright, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Ramey, D.A. Davidson. You may ask your question. 
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Congratulations Dick, this is starting to be fun. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: It is starting to be a little fun. Thanks Tim. 
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hey, couple of things. On the Raised Without Antibiotics, I would love to hear any specific anecdotes about, what the penetration rates are. Or with, I don't know, if you can talk about specific retailers or just anything to really give us some sense of how that's gone a couple of months into the initiative and I'd then also love to have you chat about impact on tallow from the biofuels' initiative? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Tim, I think it's still probably a little bit too early on the Raised Without Antibiotics. We have had tremendous interest from our retailers; not only our current customer retailers, but a number of other retailers in geographic areas where we might not have the strength. I think that it's a great program; it's something that over 90%... 91% of the consumers said it was important to them. So I think it is something that is going to gain and we'll continue to gain traction but in terms of specifics, one, I think it's a little bit too early and, two, I wouldn't want to talk about specific customers as such at this point but we think... we are glad we were able to introduce it first. Secondly on the tallow issue what we have seen here in the last I guess six months anyway we have seen tallow rise from the low 20s to the mid 30s. Now that's helped tremendously on the drop credit for our fresh meats group; we are still very excited about our renewable fuels activities both with ConocoPhillips and that's on stream to start the first plant at this point still in late October, 1st of November. We are in the site selection timeframe on our Syntroleum joint venture so we are active in both of those and still believe that they are very important to our future and that's really probably about all I can say about that at this point Tim. 
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks a lot Dick. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman, Deutsche Bank, your line is open. 
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning, congratulations again. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Eric, good morning. 
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess few questions. First a follow-up on Christine's question on the beef plants; any word out of your potential competitor in Western Oklahoma and whether that plant is further along on being built or what are you hearing in the industry? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Eric, the last I saw publicly was that it was being delayed but I can't remember the reason why but that's the status... that's the last public status that I saw. 
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then second on chicken, I guess to also follow-up on Tim's question, you obviously using antibiotics historically for a reason assuming that that was going to improve your yield. So there must be some kind of costs to going antibiotic free, and I am wondering should... do you then do have to assume that there is a somewhat lower yield in terms of the flock size or how do we think about the. And I assume that because you are going to get a better price per pound that it works out for you in either case. But, I am just kind of wondering what the offset is? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're right on your second point. The revenue stream is a little bit higher. Our costs are a little bit higher as well. But, let me just backup and say that if a chicken and antibiotics do not affect the yield of the chicken per se, they are going to be flocks of chicken that do need antibiotics because if a chicken or a flock of chickens are sick we are going to treat those chickens with antibiotics. However those chickens will not go into the Raised Without Antibiotics segment, they will go into a different segment. So, in general we are going to have slightly higher costs, but we are also going to have slightly higher revenue in what we think we've done here is really answer a consumer need for mainstream America. I mean before you did have the Raised Without Antibiotics chicken available but in general they were more available at a tremendously high premium. We believe now with the Tyson branded chicken available for mainstream and available in a lot more supermarkets that that is right not only for our customers but for anyone who is... who wants to have Raised Without Antibiotics chicken. 
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. That's helpful. And then last question and I'll pass it on. Wade, I think you made some comments about a slight rollover in breast prices in chicken and that's affecting your outlook for the fourth quarter. Does that suggest that you're... that your feed costs were fairly... were already hedged and you're not going to get the benefit of this rollover in the corn because it would seem even the breast prices have come down a bit given how much corn has rolled over, it should still net out to be a pretty significant positive for you? 
Wade D. Miquelon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say that we'll get that benefit from a cash impact but because of the timing of our weighted cost averaging method, it takes a lot longer for the flows through the P&L. So, effectively the way we do our accounting, grain will be effectively flat quarter-on-quarter. 
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. But... and on the... but on the rollover, Dick, are you concerned on that or is it... do you think its kind of more, maybe coming out of the summer or is it little bit more supply. What do you think is factoring in there? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Eric, I would say that typically breast meat prices generally peak in the mid-summer period, generally in July and all... I think all we're saying is that if history repeats itself, usually August and September breast prices do have a tendency to soften a little bit plus there is... I would say a tendency for a little bit more supply to be available. So, I think between the two of them, I think normal seasonal activity plus a little bit greater supply probably has led us to believe we'll see that weakening in breast meat prices during Q4. 
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Farha Aslam, Stephens, Incorporated. Your line is open. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hey good morning. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Farha. How are you? 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Good, thanks. And your pork margin remains very, very high Dick. I was wondering if you could just provide us some color on what allowed you to achieve that... did you have a good hedge [ph] in place. I mean you cited market spreads were pretty favorable. But from my calculations they were okay to good but not great and your margin in pork was great. Could you just provide some more color on that pork number? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I'd say it's a combination of two things. One it's improved utilization and improved utilization that really, really I have to give a lot of credit to our pork fresh meat people from an operations perspective. We have done a great job of reducing costs making sure that we are running our plants both efficiently and effectively and I think that's probably one of the biggest differences is our own internal management of our own pork plants not only from a pure operation standpoint but how we schedule those plants and all the things that are associated with really running a very, very good commodity business.  The other thing I would add is on our case ready side of our business, we did see some good volume improvement on our case ready pork and that also is factored into that pork segment. So, I think those are the two primary reasons and we had reasonably good export sales lead by Japan also in Q3. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And when you look out into the next quarter would you anticipate fourth... your fiscal fourth quarter volumes to... and margins to be even better in pork, given that it's going into the seasonally easier period with lower hog costs? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I am not going to answer that, I mean that would be probably telling you a little bit more than what we want to give you at this point. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay that's fair. And could comment on market talk that China is potentially increasing their import of pork possibly from the US? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean... that's a very, very you know interesting topic because there is a lot of rumor, there is a lot of talk about disease in China amongst a very-very large herd and it's very difficult to get good information. I do believe that there is an opportunity there but as of yet we haven't seen... I don't thing we and I mean us Tyson as well as the industry has really seen anything definitive in terms of China importing lots of additional pork from anywhere in the world. So, I think it remains to be seen it could be a very positive for us and the industry but as of this point, there is nothing definitive that we can point to that says that is in fact going to happen. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. And, could we just switch to chicken and your chicken, the antibiotic free, kind of what premium verses normal chicken are you selling it right now and longer term were do you thing that margin could be in terms of pennies per pound? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the only thing that we have said publicly Farha was that the on breast meat needed self that by the time that product got priced to the consumer that we thought there'd be less than $0.80 a pound up charge for that breast meat. Now that would include everything. So, not only what we would we be charging, but also what the retailer would be adding on in the way of their margin or their mark-up and that is considerably less; that's about half of the increase that is out there on your more niche brands, which are easily over a $1.50 to more like $2.00 a pound on boneless breast meat. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow BMO Capital Markets. You may ask your question. 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey good morning, everyone. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good Morning. 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I guess the first question I have is you guys said that you are generating more cost savings than the expectation. What will you be doing with that excess money. Is that going to be dropping down to the bottom-line next year, you are reinvesting that? How do you think about that extra... I think $50 million? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: WellKenneth, I would tell you we are looking in that in a number of different ways. I think that we'll reinvest some and we will attempt to drop some to the bottom-line. As an example, our "Thank you, Mom" campaign is going to cost us some additional dollars in advertising. So, we are looking to reinvest there. We are looking to make sure that our discovery center is being fully utilized which we have some additional depreciation, but some additional expense from an R&D perspective to invest in our customers and to invest in building that win-win situation for not only us but for our customers. So, I think it's a combination of attempting to drive growth but also dropping some of that to the bottom line. 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: The second question is, on your longer-term outlook for chicken or maybe not longer term, but like a 12-month to 18-month outlook, the thought was with higher corn prices you kept more rational production. Is your outlook more optimistic or less optimistic given that corn has really come back you know 25% or so. Is that good or bad about how you think about the industry? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I guess I could answer that by saying that it might have some good and it might have some bad. Certainly the lower cost of corn as an input certainly gives us lower cost of goods on our chicken segment. So that's a positive to make sure that it's a very competitive protein both domestically and internationally. On the other hand I would tell you that lower corn prices have had a tendency to increase supply so I think there is a double edged sword there. But overall I would say that lower corn prices are a positive for our chicken segment results going forward. 
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney, Wachovia. You may ask your question 
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thank you, good morning. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Dick, you mentioned that by yearend you were hoping that we are in a much better situation on the beef side, beef exports being the key to normalization of margins in this market. I guess just looking at the May data we are still at 18% of pre-ban levels to Japan in that market particularly which is really sort of a meat and potatoes, if you will, of the Asian export market. What reason is there for sort of hope that we are going to see improvement over the next six months. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I do believe that there is a lot of discussion going on between USTA, USTR and the Japanese government and I feel fairly confident that we will see a change in the age specifications on product going minimally to a 30-month and down a type of a program by the time we get to the end of the calendar year. I believe that I think there's very, very good possibilities that that will take place and that's where my optimism comes from and I said at the end of the calendar year not the end of the fiscal year. 
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Right. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: So by December 31 I believe that, that will be the start to a much bigger export potential to Japan and you are right, that is the meat and potatoes of our beef exports. 
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thanks, and you mentioned conversion costs had improved 7.6% year-over-year in beef. Do you expect similar conversion cost improvements or continued conversion cost improvements over the course of the next 12 months in beef or are we sort of in the right place now? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, I would tell you that we still have... I believe we still have some improvements that we will continue to work on. That beef team is also doing a great job, just like the pork team and I believe there still are some additional improvements there that we will be able to do over the course of the next year. To say that we can achieve another... an incremental 7.6 that might be a little aggressive. 
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And just then finally on the chicken side I guess we've seen the... before their hatchery numbers start to come up a little bit and part of that I guess is stabilization of corn prices and to be expected. Is this consistent with sort of what you've seen in your prior profitability... in times of comparable profitability in past cycles. I mean is this sort of... is this a build-up of supply you are seeing or is this more restrained than usual. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean I don't think restraint has been a part of the game here. I think typically we might have seen a greater rise in terms of supply potential. I think the key though is still... I think there is lot of volatility left in terms of what might happen on grains here. We have a much greater crop potential in the acres that have been planted. Some would say that the yields are going to be lot better, some would say they not going to be much better. So I think there is still a lot of volatility. We do know that with the price of crude oil where it is and with ethanol profitability most likely where it is., that the demand for corn is also going to continue to be strong. So my only reason for even talking about that is I do believe that there still is volatility in corn in terms of where the pricing of this crop and looking into the next year where all this might end up at this point. So I think there is still some restraint in terms of adding supply based on that factor and really that factor alone. 
Jonathan P. Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Ann Gurkin, Davenport. You may ask your question. 
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Good morning. I know you all talked a little bit about the weakening in breast prices and I just wanted to review it just again. It's my understanding that the seasonal demand has been more kind of spotty than normal and is that due to consumers facing pricing and can we just discuss it that one more time? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ann, are you talking you about historically or -- 
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Yes, on a historic basis, yes. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: On a historic basis -- 
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company: The seasonal demand this year versus the historic kind of average level. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean I think that we have seen some reasonably good demand this summer especially on the food service side. We have also seen some reasonably good ads on the retail side. So I think given that the supply that has been out there, we've had reasonably good demand during our third quarter on breast meat. We went up, we retreated, we've gone back up again and now probably again, as I said earlier, we're probably looking for a little bit of softness as we finish out fourth quarter here during August and September.  Now other competing proteins are still relatively high meaning beef and pork are still relatively high prices. So chicken and all the elements of chicken in terms of featuring are still a very, very god value with breast meat prices where they are today. 
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company: So the seasonal demand is in line with what you're expecting as we went in to this period. Is that fair? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say that is fair. 
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company: And can we get update; I am sorry if you talked about this, but on resetting the meat cases in grocery stores, where are we with that? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: You'll have to give me -- 
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company: At your discovery center, you showed us a new meat case where it was reset with more Tyson products. Where are you in terms of resetting that case? 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, but that's something that with each and every customer that comes to the discovery center, we talk to them about resetting the meat case, regenerating really around Tyson activity and that's an ongoing process that we talk to our customers and our retailer's each and every day about it. I just have... would tell you it's not an event, it's a process that we are constantly working to get more SKUs and to get more placement of our products whether they be beef, pork, chicken or prepared foods, within the meat case of today and within the meat case of the future. 
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company: That's great, thank you very much. 
Operator: There are no other questions. 
Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well very good. Well we appreciate you taking the time this morning to join us. We thank you, I thank all of our Tyson team members for their hard work, and have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dennis Leatherby - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer   Greg W. Lee - Chief Administrative Officer and International President   Richard L. Bond - President and Chief Operating Officer   John Tyson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   Ruth Ann Wisener - Vice President, IR and Assistant Secretary
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.   Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan   Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.   Christine Mccracken - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.   John Mcmillin - Prudential   David Nelson - Credit Suisse First Boston
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Q2 Tyson Foods Earning Release Conference Call. (Operator instructions). I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener, ma’am you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Tyson Foods Q2 Conference Call. With me today are John Tyson our Chairman and CEO, Rick Bond our President and Chief Operating Officer, Greg Lee our Chief Administrative Officer and International President, and Dennis Leatherby our Treasurer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before we move on to discuss the operating performance for the quarter, I would want to remind everyone that some of the things we talk about today may include forward-looking statements. That means those statements are going to be based on our view of the world as we know it today and that means things can change. So I would encourage you to look at today’s press release for a discussion of the risk that could affect our business. Now I am going to turn things over to John Tyson.
John Tyson: Good morning everybody. Thanks Ruth Ann. I would like to thank everyone for joining us on the call again today and I’m looking forward to discussing our business with you. I want to especially thank our Tyson team members who are making a difference out there in running our business and working in communities where we live and work, to all our shareholders, our friends out there who support our company. As we have said, our second quarter was extremely difficult; our beef, chicken and pork segments were all negatively impacted by excess protein. Our beef segment also struggled against very tight cattle markets and continued interruptions in access to export markets. Those factors prohibited us from profiting on what we call the spread due to higher live cattle prices versus lower boxed beef prices. Chicken segment had increased sales volume and generated slightly positive results even though the average sales prices were lower due to price mix, basically leg quarter values coming down and breast meat values. Our value added strategy inside our chicken segment allowed us to stay in positive territory. Our pork segment suffered from lower average sales prices and higher per head operative costs and our prepared foods business continues to improve on an adjusted basis but I can tell you it still remains behind what we expect from that business, but it is headed in the right direction and we are thankful for that. It was a difficult quarter and I can tell you we are glad to have it behind us, we can now focus on the future and continued execution of our strategy, and the three-pronged strategy of expanding our value added products, maintaining the best operational efficiencies and operational cost in the business and then continue to look at our international opportunities. As we always do, you will hear from Dennis and you will hear from Rick and Greg and they will give more detail about our decisions that we are making to better manage our business. In our operations we have been focused on running efficiently in all our segments. During this quarter we completed the closure and/or consolidation of chicken prepared foods and beef facilities and we continue to upgrade operations where appropriate. We have adjusted production plans in our poultry operations to align with current customer requirements and our own internal needs and we are also managing our inventory as well. We are being ever more disciplined as we go forward in managing our cash. We have reduced our Capex for the year from the range of $600 million -- $650 million to approximately $550 million. Capital spending for the first half of the year was $357 million, and included the completion of several large projects which you have heard us talk about in the past. Dakota City, Nebraska which is a beef slaughter plant, Sherman, Texas which is our third case ready plant. We are also about to complete the discovery center addition at our world headquarters which allow us to keep focusing in our R&D and our pilot plant and have all our people on one campus to take care of our customers and then the Forest Mississippi poultry plant project which was a consolidation of several plants into one complex. We will direct capital on a go forward basis towards those regulatory obligations, those customer mandated and the maintenance projects as we continue to be the best low cost operator. This will continue to focus on driving cash flow, paying down debt and focusing on those debt ratios. Going forward, I can tell you we will continue to evaluate opportunities to drive those efficiencies because we believe that is the best way to manage our company. We will continue to aggressively seek share, we are going after share and it is reflected in some of our volume growth, especially in those value-added categories which we believe is the right long-term benefit for the company. And as we speak, in our three pronged strategy we will continue our efforts on international expansion which will be a foundation for future success. At this time Dennis is going to visit with you, and then we will have Dick and Greg summarize the results and give you their views, and the areas that they manage. Dennis?
Dennis Leatherby: Good morning every one. Thank you John. In our press release this morning we reported a GAAP loss of $0.37 per share for the Q2 fiscal 2006. Please note 2006 Q2 GAAP results includes $14 million of plant closing costs related to the closing of two prepared food plants in Iowa, $45 million of plant closing costs related to the closing of two Nebraskan beef plants. The combined impact of these two items increased the GAAP loss by $0.11 per share. This compares to GAAP earnings of $0.21 per share in the Q2 of fiscal year 2005. Some other points to note. In our second quarter we issued $1 billion in new 10-year notes at a coupon of 6.6% to use for general corporate purposes and for repayment of $750 million of 7 ¼ notes coming due in October this year. $750 million of these proceeds were deposited in an interest bearing account with a trustee for the repayment of these notes during October and are included in the short-term investment section of the balance sheet. Our decision to issue bonds earlier than the October 1 maturity was an effort to take advantage of the favorable bond market and interest rate conditions. There will be a temporary negative carry affect from issuing the bonds prior to the October 1 maturity. The additional interest expense incurred prior to the maturity should be more than offset by the interest savings we should receive going forward. As a result of this note issuance, our total debt at the end of the quarter increased to slightly under $4 billion. However, adjusted for the $750 million of proceeds on deposit with the trustee, our net debt is actually $3.24 billion. This net debt is $34 million higher than Q2 of last year and on a net basis, the debt to capital ratio is down slightly to 41.4% compared to 42.1% a year ago. Net interest expense was just slightly lower for Q2 of this year versus the same period last year as average debt and average interest rates were basically flat. Now let’s review our financial outlook, our fiscal year 2006 GAAP earnings are now expected to be in the range of a loss of $0.25 to a profit of $0.10 per share. As a result of the changes just noted above and in our earnings guidance, we have a few more changes to point out. Revenues for the fiscal year are now projected to be between $25 billion and $26 billion, primarily as a result of lower average selling prices presently being experienced in all three of our major proteins. Interest, foreign exchange and other charges are now expected to be approximately $230 million, which is up from our previous range of $200 million to $210 million. This increase is due to higher average borrowings than originally forecast along with the temporary effect of the incremental interest expense associated with our recent bond offering. Our tax rate for fiscal year 2006 is expected to be approximately 36%. As John mentioned earlier, our capital spending for fiscal year 2006 is now expected to be approximately $560 million, down from our previous range of $600 million to $650 million. Depreciation and inflation is expected to be approximately $520 million for the fiscal year. Weighted average shares will be approximately $346 million. And just as a reminder, let me restate our corporate policy regarding earnings guidance. If the company determines during the course of a quarter that our previously issued guidance should be modified or updated, we will make a public disclosure updating our guidance for the benefit of all shareholders. Also, as is our customary practice, we will not be making any comments regarding individual quarterly earning estimates on a regular basis or within our call today. This concludes my comments, now I will turn the call over to Dick.
Richard L. Bond: Thanks Dennis. Good morning to you all and thanks for being with us today. As we indicated in our press release as well as in the release a week and half ago, our Q2 results were very disappointing. All of our segments were affected by the over supply of protein in the marketplace. In addition our segments were also impacted by considerably higher fuel and energy costs, which were approximately $44 million higher for Q2 and $112 million higher for the first six months of this year compared to fiscal ’05. Now I am going to take a quick look at each of these segments and talk about our customer channels as well. Our chicken segment had an operating income of approximately $9 million for the second quarter this year compared with $143 million in Q2 last year. Pounds sold were up about 7 percent over Q2 a year ago, but sales dollars were down slightly. Demand continues to be good domestically; our consumer products and food service channels have shown volume increases in our chicken sales. However, protein supplies and international concerns related to the avian influenza have negatively impacted pricing, particularly for leg quarters and breast meat. Lower sales prices and slightly higher grain costs contributed to markedly lower earnings. Based on the most recent USDA reports, overall supplies appear to be getting more in line with present demand. Our own expectations are that the overall production will be flat to slightly down in the coming months. Commodity chicken prices appear to have bottomed. In the aggregate we expect grain costs to be similar to a year ago levels with corn forecasted to be slightly higher and soy bean meal slightly lower. Demand will continue to be the key going forward for both domestic and international sales. Tyson has taken a very disciplined approach over the last two years to manage our base chicken production. In fact, going back over the last five or six years, our total ready to cook pounds have been generally flat. However, we continue to optimize the use of our internal bird supply. We have reduced bird weights in a number of our complexes in order to right size them for better use across our channels and to better align our production to meet the demands of our food service and consumer products groups. In addition, we have decided not to increase production as we normally do for the summer holiday promotions. In our beef segment, sales were up about $80 million on year-over-year basis primarily as a result of volume increases of 137 million pounds over Q2 `05. However, this volume increase was offset by sales price declines from $1.23 to $1.19 per pound. Due to the abundant over supply of protein in the market, we made a conscious decision not to run as many cattle through our production facilities as we did in Q1. We also continue to be short of domestic cattle during the Q2 of `06. These factors impacted our domestic capacity utilization which averaged 71% for the quarter but did show signs of improvement to approximately 75% at the end of March. Today we are running a little higher than that, but still not at the levels we would like. For Q2 of fiscal `06 when adjusted for charges of $45 million related to the closure of two Nebraska beef plants, the beef segment had an operating loss of $143 million. In Canada our Lakeside beef operation is still feeling the affects from the labor strike back in the fall, as well as the affects of increasing number of cattle that have been moving from Canada to US causing higher live cattle prices in Canada. As we told you earlier our third case ready facility opened in Sherman Texas during the month of February. That startup increased our beef operating cost for the quarter by about $8 million. However, we should be able to recoup these costs and b operating at a breakeven to slightly profitable during the month of May. This is an exceptional compliment in such a short period of time. As expected, cattle supplies are showing signs of improvement. Cattle-on-feed reports as of April 1 showed record numbers indicating that cattle ready for slaughter should be more plentiful during the late spring and summer months. This should help our overall capacity utilization. In addition, we have seen as expected our normal growing season related price improvements on several of our popular steak cuts of beef. These factors should drive a much improved back half for the year in beef. In pork, the second quarter was disappointing as well. While volume increased slightly over Q2 of ’05, an over abundance of protein again pressured selling prices. Average selling prices and total sales dollars declined by 12% on a year-over-year basis. Operating margins were just over 1% compared with 2% for the same period last year, not where we want them to be. Capacity utilization was lower by about 5 percentage points than in the first quarter of this year. Additionally higher energy costs negatively impacted our operating costs as well. Our Sherman, Texas case-ready plant also reduced our pork operating earnings by about $2 million. While our total sales dollars in our prepared foods segment for the quarter fell 7.1%, volume was basically flat on a year-over-year basis. Sales prices for the quarter were 6.5% less for the second quarter a year ago. However decreases in input costs combined with shifting of our focus to our core of profitable products generated higher operating margins. After adjusting for the $14 million in plant closing costs during Q2, margins improved to 2.9% from Q2 last year to 3.6% in Q2 of ’06. This upward trend in margin improvement reinforces our belief that value added prepared foods segment is moving in the right direction. This business continues to be a growth vehicle for us especially within pizza toppings, bacon and refrigerated meat categories within our consumer products and food service channels which I’m going to talk to you briefly now. Within consumer products we continue to grow our case-ready beef and pork business. Sales improved by almost $20 million over the same period a year ago to generate total sales dollars of $414 million in the quarter. This increase was lead by our case-ready pork which actually had double digit volume growth compared to last year. As I said before, the startup in Sherman, Texas has been a great success with production volumes already meeting our planned forecast. In a category that has recently experienced very little innovation, Tyson has set a course to reinvent case-ready chicken. We are in the process of presenting three major initiatives on Tyson fresh chicken to our retail partners supporting a commitment to drive margin enhancements by leveraging consumer insights and driving innovations. Through a proprietary process all Tyson fresh chicken will qualify and be marketed as 100% all natural, including marinated and non-marinated products starting in June. In addition to this conversion, two new lines will be introduced. Tyson trimmed and ready and Tyson individually wrapped fresh chicken. We believe these new items will increase Tyson’s brand presence within the case-ready chicken category as well as give us a companion list to the overall Tyson branded fresh and frozen chicken offerings. We will have a lot more details on these initiatives in the coming weeks. Branded bacon continues to be a great growth vehicle for us. Tyson markets branded bacon under well known names such as Tyson ready to cook and Tyson fully cooked bacon as well as Wright Brand and Corn King, and we now have a 10.8% volume share of the total bacon category. Tyson’s branded shares are up 1.2 share points versus the same period last year. Within our value-added deli side of our business, consumers validated the re-launching of our Russer brand of deli products. The re-launch is going extremely well in the early stages where there has been universal acceptance by our retailers and the brand is tracking ahead of prior year volume by more than 15%. Within food service, volumes were up by 3% over Q2 last year. Our prepared foods segment had impressive gains within the food service channel by leveraging our ability to provide an array of complementary products such as Taco Meat, tortillas and sauces. Within national accounts, we have expanded our relationship with core customers as well as brought on new business especially in categories like Taco Meat, tortillas and toppings, and sauces. Sales growth remained good within the school channel as well which has had year-over-year volume growth of approximately 6%. We continue to gain share in bacon specifically in distribution and national accounts with the overall category up 20%. We will continue to focus on top line sales and share growth in core categories and new channels as we move through the second half of the year. In summary, while we knew that our second quarter would be extremely difficult, it was even more challenging than expected, especially in the beef and chicken segments. Looking forward, cattle suppliers are increasing, pricing is showing signs of improvement. We expect that over the near term we will still battle an over abundance of protein supplies. I believe you can expect our results to improve in Q3 and Q4. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Greg Lee.
Greg W. Lee: Thank you Dick and good morning. Our total export sales were $487 million for Q2. This is up 1% versus Q2 of last year. Our Q2 export volumes of commodity chicken were up 8% versus the same quarter of last year and were up 9% over Q1 of this fiscal year. Our average sales prices for leg quarters declined $0.7 per pound versus the same quarter last year and $0.24 per pound versus Q1 of this fiscal year. As a result, our sales revenue declined 10% versus the same quarter last year and 40% when compared to Q1 of this year. During Q2, we continued to work to diversify both out product mix and our destination markets. The combination of these efforts allowed us to reduce our inventories by almost 25% from the period Q4 ‘05. An examination of USDA cold storage data points to an improving picture in the overall industry’s frozen inventories, with total dark meat inventory’s down 14% from December 2005 to March 2006. As you are aware, the Russian veterinary service is now changing all veterinary poultry permits. Russian Agricultural Minister, Alexei Gordeyev, said it is a technical issue and the new permits will be issued in 10 to 14 days. We are loading vessels to Russia with our original permits that were approved through May 8. At this juncture, we believe this to be a short lived situation and do not expect this to have a material affect on our Q3 sales. Should we experience a delay in attaining the revise permits, we are prepared to accommodate our Russian customers through altering our shipping schedules and facilitate our sales by shipping products to alternative markets. Based on our current sales logs <___> we expect to continue to reduce the inventories as we go through the balance of Q3. In addition we expect pricing to improve as we move into the latter part of Q3 and on into Q4. Our export sales of beef products were $221 million for Q2. This represents an 11% increase over Q2 of the prior year. Our sales volume of boxed beef was up 6% versus Q2 of last year. The quarter comparisons were bolstered by both sales to Mexico for chicken <___> and overall demand from Taiwan. Taiwan reopened its borders to US beef during Q2 and was our largest trading partner for the period. Concerning continued market access issue, the United States government continues to negotiate with their Japanese, Chinese, and South Korean counterparts in an effort to regain those markets. Our Q2 ’06 continued the trend of strong boxed pork sales with volumes up 17% versus the same period last year. The increase in sales were led by sales in hand, Mexico and Japan remain our primary markets representing 78% of our pork export volumes and 70% of our total revenues. While significantly smaller, our boxed pork sales to South Korea continue to grow rapidly and South Korea now represents our third largest export destination. Talk about Tyson to Mexico, sales for the quarter was 7% above the same period last year due to higher volume offsetting comparative prices. Chicken prices for Q2, while better than those realized during our Q1 this fiscal year, were still encumbered by supply side imbalances. The net effect of these impacts was that operating income for the quarter came in at virtually breakeven versus the losses that we suffered in Q1 of this fiscal year. We expect prices to further improve as we move through the balance of Q3 and into Q4 and we are anticipating much better results in the back half of the year. We continue to look for other opportunities to further enhance our position as the leader in value added poultry products in Mexico and to diversify our geographic presence. In China our domestic sales volumes to both the food service and retail channels returned to levels that are equal to those experienced before China’s winter avian influenza outbreaks. We continue to work to expand our presence in the retail channel by adding more outlets in the modern grocery industry. We are in advanced discussions with a leading local poultry company for the establishment of a joint venture. With regards to South America, we have put in to place two sales agreements that are allowing us to supply our global customers with alternative sourcing options and to sell them a broader array of poultry items. We remain interested in growing our presence in the region and continue to pursue opportunities to facilitate that objective. Thank you. With that I will pass it to our Chairman, John Tyson.
John Tyson: Well, thanks Dennis, Dick and Greg and I appreciate the comments and we thank you, those that have joined us on the conference call today. As always has been our responsibility, we will work very hard to mange our cash and we will continue that balanced against our business opportunities. We will continue our three part strategy like value-added growth, operational efficiencies to be the best cost producer and the international expansion. We will continue to develop our folks and enhance our abilities to expand our leadership role in the protein sector. That wraps up our prepared remarks about our Q2 and it’s been a tough quarter, we told you that all along. It is now your turn to ask us a few questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions).
Ruth Ann Wisener: The first question should come from Dave Nelson.
Operator: Okay, he has not queued up.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Farah Aslam should be second.
Operator: Farah Aslam, your line is open.
 Farha Aslam, Stephens Inc : Hi, good morning.
John Tyson: Good morning Farah.
 Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc : Thanks for all the details on the call, its very helpful. Where are you selling your chickens to in the international market? Who are your major customers right now?
Greg W. Lee: Farah -- you -- the -- we continue to still flow a lot of product into Russia, the shipments continue on an uninterrupted basis, but we are also selling products really throughout the Middle East, through the sort of Central Asian markets, we continue to sell products in to Cuba, as an example, a pretty broad array of countries.
 Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc : Any kind of strong demand out of China though?
Greg W. Lee: Are we are selling products to China? Yes, ma’am we are selling products to China. We don’t -- that is not a primary destination for leg quarters, but we have in fact been selling leg quarters in to China as well as other cuts like wing tips and chicken paws and a few other items.
 Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc : And, can I have the declines in your production for the summer, just if you were to annualize it, would it be sort of 0.5% cut, 1% cut versus your volumes last year?
Richard L. Bond: Farah, this is Dick. Its about 7/10 of 1%. Between the holiday cuts and the bird weight reductions it represents about between 7/10 and 8/10 of 1% output reduction.
 Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc : Do you think that’s all that’s going to be needed by each player in the industry, about how much do you think the industry needs to rationalize to get pricing, particularly for fresh meat back to its normal level?
Richard L. Bond: Ms., we don’t know the answers of that question. It’s just going to take time. Everybody is -- including us is doing our best to make sure that chicken is a highly promoted item and we are just going to do our best and do our -- what we need to do to take care of our customer and get those prices back up just as quickly as we possibly can.
Greg W. Lee: I would add to Dick’s observation, is that you know we have a range of bird weights to match up against the different customer needs, whether its QSR needs, fast food needs, retail needs. Whereas a lot of our competitors out there are basically the big bird, breasty, boney, chicken leg quarter out overseas model. So, you know, we still have the obligations to meet the needs of our customers through the range of weights and where had a chance to modify, adjust weights and trim production, we did that. I can’t speak for the big bird breast, debone or leg quarter person and what they need to do but they are the ones that’s really bighting it right now.
 Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc : And in terms of food service promotional activities for the summer, do you see any interruptions with AIC amongst your customers, or are they planning to promote chicken --
Richard L. Bond: Well, there will be promotions of chicken headed into the summer. There is a desire on the consumer side to promote beef because beef hadn’t been promoted for two years, so I think you will see both a combination of beef promotion and poultry promotion out there in the marketplace, which will be good for those two segments.
Unidentified company participant: Specifically on the food service side from what we know, the plan of promotions is still very strong on the poultry side.
Unidentified company participant: And if we saw one -- one large customer -- your know and -- and another part of the region, did note that their other volumes have now come back and are headed in the right direction too.
 Farha Aslam, Stephens Inc : Okay, and my final question and then I’ll pass it on, is just trying to get a better understanding of hog price trends versus cut out values. They seem to be improving in March, how they are looking in April and kind of going forward in the summer months for you guys?
John Tyson: Are -- are you talking about --
 Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc : Hog prices and cut out value for pork?
John Tyson: If you look at the hog prices, actually here in the last 10 days or so live hog prices have -- gone up actually on a lean hog basis, $6 or $7 a hundred weight. Which is normal, I mean that -- it’s a normal seasonal rise as we -- as we usually hit this late April, May, June period. So I think they are doing what they normally have done. If there is any lag in the -- in the pricing, its really been on the retail side, on the pork loins and on the pork that’s really haven’t kept pace. And again I think this is because a little bit of the over abundant supply and the pressure on selling prices and I think that’s likely to continue here in the short term. I do believe that hog prices have gone up seasonally. They might go up a little bit more but there are still quite a few hogs out there and I think that again hog prices will turn around and come back down as we get in to the middle and the latter part of summer.
 Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc : Okay, thanks for the color, I appreciate it.
Operator: David Nelson, your line is open, please --.
David Nelson - of Credit Suisse First Boston: Good morning, can you hear me now? We can.
David Nelson - of Credit Suisse First Boston: Great. I had punched in; I must have done something wrong. Chicken was actually positive in the quarter which I thought was a accomplishment. The question is, was there anything unusual -- any unusual positives in the quarter that would make the comparison for the current’s or June quarter difficult, or do you expect June to be better than March in chicken?
Unidentified company participant: Well, Dave, I would tell you that no, there wasn’t anything in Q2 that was unusual. I will tell you this you know, leg quarter prices if you recall in January were considerably higher than what they are now.
David Nelson - of Credit Suisse First Boston: Right.
Unidentified company participant: And, I think that coupled with our value added strategy really was good for us in Q2. Actually Q3 is probably going to be more difficult than Q2 because we will have the lowest affect of leg quarters hitting us during the third quarter.
David Nelson - of Credit Suisse First Boston: Got you. Any thought given the decline in your share price about taking on some debt buying back stock?
John Tyson: Well, as we have always been disciplined around here, we are going make sure our cash is in the right position, make sure that we manage the positive cash flows as we manage our business. Dennis and his team did a good job out there, put us in a position to reduce our interest cost with the billion dollar swap that we have the 750 in the trustee account which will pay off the higher debt and Dave for right now and for the rest of the folks on the call, we are going to manage cost, manage cash and manage debt before we look at that option and we still have the desire to allocate some of our capital to either small acquisitions in the United States or small acquisitions outside the United States.
David Nelson - of Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay, and then lastly, it seems like you and the rest of the industry is always going to be vulnerable to export customer cut-offs or vulnerability to the avian flu concerns. Could you talk more about -- I know, we have talked in the past over the years about trying to do with the -- more with dark meat for the domestic market, but it seems like, US restaurants are training the US consumer to only lunch the white meat. Big picture in the longer term, how are you thinking about trying to do more to add value to dark meat for the domestic market, so you are not so vulnerable to these export market’s volatility?
Unidentified company participant: Dave, I would say two things. I mean, one, just an export comment, we will continue to work hard to spread that base throughout the world and there are other areas in the world that do have an interest in a very good high quality lean protein. So, I mean that’s the first thing, we are going to continue to work on spreading that base but I would tell you that domestically we have quite a few resources now from an R&D perspective again looking at different things that we can put together not only for schools, but within both the retail and the normal food service channels, we do believe that a dark meat based chicken patty -- we have tried that before but I don’t think we had everything around that. My only point is that it is something that we are going to continue to look at, something that we are working hard to try and look at different alternatives and different uses whether they be for human consumption or whether they be for pet food consumption. We are looking at a lot of different alternatives right now.
Unidentified company participant: Dave, let me just say one thing. I think now, we’ve over the years consistently tried to develop domestic uses for chicken -- for dark meat chicken beyond just as commodity form and had you know, relatively modest success. I think the thing we feel better about is the fact that we now have such a substantial multi protein presence and we have the R&D skills that have kind of cut across all of those proteins and we have such a much broader array of items and manufacturing process types that we believe that with -- you know, sustained effort we can do a better job of successfully selling some dark meat products domestically.
David Nelson - of Credit Suisse First Boston: Right.
Unidentified company participant: I think it’s more about taking you know, a certain percentage of those pounds and converting them into other products and you know, to say you’ll never get a 100% of your leg quarters converted into downstream products, would not want to leave you that impression, but if we take some percent in each of those off the market and in other forms, that’s what we’re working on.
David Nelson - of Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Leonard Teitelbaum, your line is open; please state your company name?
Leonard Teitelbaum - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified company participant: Hi, Lenny.
Leonard Teitelbaum - Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of questions here, the reduction in your CapEx, Dennis is that deferred CapEx or is it going to be cancelled, from the 650 to 550?
Dennis Leatherby: It’s a little of both Lenny, it’s you know, largely the big projects are behind us with a couple of more big ones to finish, and then we’ll push them on in to the future. We’re going to focus as John said on the maintenance, the customer mandated and regulatory type of spending. But you know, what it allowed us to do Lenny was to kind of just you know rethink the allocation of capital spend. You know, some projects will be delayed, but some will be cancelled and it allows us the chance to manage as we move into the third, fourth and the first and second quarter of next year.
Leonard Teitelbaum - Merrill Lynch: Sure, you know, when I took a look at the range that you’ve given, which considering what’s going on out there, is probably the you know, the best we can hope for, but you have right for you to get the $0.10 because you know, your share base changes pretty dramatically when you move from a loss to a gain so it’s more than just the swing in operating income because you’ve got to pick up that share base as well, which I think is about a penny a share, how do you -- what has to work right to get to that dime?
Unidentified company participant: Well, Lenny I would say that there’s two things, one, we have to see this overabundance of protein subside somewhat. We do need to see our chicken segment in the fourth quarter pick up, meaning breast meat prices, tender prices improve, and leg quarter prices improve like we should see them. In addition I would tell you that the beef segment needs to have good positive margins especially as we get into the late May, June and through the months of July, August and September.
Leonard Teitelbaum - Merrill Lynch: Okay, good, I’m not trying to be overly negative, it just seems to me like I’m perhaps pushing some numbers around here, a lot has to go right to get to the dime, I think it’s a long shot and I don’t want -- I just want to know whether or not I’m just being too negative?
John Tyson: Well, I think you’re being realistic, I mean I think Dick did a good job of aligning some things that have to move in the right direction and they need to move sooner and then they need to be sustained all the way into September and October. So you know, the beef segment has a chance to go positive here in the next week or two, which within 18 or 20 months you know, the chicken supply needs to be cleaned up and that can be cleaned up by promotions and pricing of products you know, cattle supplies need to stay in balance, the industry doesn’t need to get excited about going positive and starting to put the cattle forward again. That balance of supply in to the plants needs to be able to stretch all the way till September and October and then we are just going to have to use price to price protein into people’s product and into people’s stomach and then the competition for dollars with energy prices out there will be a factor as we move to the next 60-90 or 120 days.
Leonard Teitelbaum - Merrill Lynch: And that brings me to my last question John, I think you guys did a real good job of controlling what you can control, but it just seems to me that you know if the competitive landscape does not follow somebody’s lead more than just talking about it, it always becomes a target out there that going to be hard to get. And you have made a comment that you know like you are going after share and what you say, I believe on that. Now is there any other way to get a beside price and if so what is that if you are going to go out there in already a pretty low market and I mean you can kill them with kindness and service but at some point it gets down to what do you charge for the product. I guess what I am trying to do is figure out what your pricing mechanism is going forward if indeed you are trying to get share and that indicates to me you are going to start cutting some prices to do it. Am I reading that wrong?
John Tyson: Yeah, you are reading it wrong in the context of cutting prices, we are just going to take advantage of the current low prices with the excess supply out there to go out there and put our sales in to position to have some market share gain so that when the price does turn we are inside and have the customer relationship and we will get a benefit of the increased prices. We are not going to be cutting price, but we will take advantage of the lower price structure right now and the excess supply that is currently in the industry both using the internal supplies and buying raw material on the outside where we can buy cheaper than our own internal cost of production and go out there and have an opportunity to -- Dick might have some color on top of mine.
Richard L. Bond: I think I would add to that Lenny, is just when we talk about that we talk about that much more in the value added arena than we do and quote the commodity arena, this is where we are going to take advantage of this time frame again try and build that share, get over that -- get up or over that $12 billion mark and value add it so, I mean it is share, but share of the right kind of products in the right channels.
Leonard Teitelbaum - Merrill Lynch: Good answer. Thank you very much.
 Operator : Thank you, our next question is from John McMillan, your line is open. Please state your company name?
John Mcmillin - Prudential: Prudential, good morning everybody.
John Tyson: Good morning John.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: So the other reason shares outstanding went down is because of a loss in the quarter?
John Tyson: That’s correct.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: And then how would you characterize them, you might not have all the numbers for April, but how would you characterize April vis-à-vis the other three months of the quarter?
John Tyson: Talking about the previous three months?
John Mcmillin - Prudential: Yeah.
John Tyson: Or forward three months?
John Mcmillin - Prudential: Well, how would you characterize the month that just ended compared with the quarter that just got reported?
John Tyson: I would tell you that it is in line with what our expectations that we talked about publicly. Easter was a little bit later but you’re starting to see the seasonal trends that we anticipated -- you know we told you we would expect some improvement as we headed into the third and fourth quarter and the indicators are that some improvement is headed our way but I would use the keyword “some,” and wouldn’t want to leave you the expectation that you know it’s great improvement but the seasonal trends, the seasonal activities are starting to show up and you can see some improvement.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: But certainly the numbers in fourth look better than maybe what had in pork processing. First, I think talking about a loss in the quarter, but some of the relative numbers looks better outside of beef. You don’t seem too worried, Dick about the corn or soy bean costs. I know you’re not going to give us hedges, but you know, to what extent could that be applied in the in terms of your business plans before you hedge through the year?
Richard L. Bond: Well I mean, now you’re probably in the most volatile time of the year in terms of planning, and between now and all of the -- kind of the middle to the end of May do we see you know, what kind of acres get planted, and what kind of rates they get planted at -- I mean, you are right, John. Right now is a time when there’s a little bit of uncertainty in the markets, but you know, from a world supply standpoint and what looks like the planting season you know, looks decent. We just don’t see a big runaway coming here, and like I said, I think corn will be a little bit higher and I think soy bean meal will be a little bit lower, and the net effect to that looks to be similar on a year over year basis.
John Tyson: John, we do have those historical hedges where we have key customer contracts in place, some of the value-added types, and we do have some of those hedges in place, but that’s been historical and you’re all aware that we knew that year to year as we do some fixed price contract even with key customers.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: And the fact that chicken volumes were up to seven, a lot of that reflects selling of the inventory, it’s not that you’re producing anywhere near 7% more chicken?
Unidentified company participant: That is exactly correct, John. That comes from the fact that you recall that at the end of the third quarter, we had a slowdown in some export sales -- excuse me, in the end of the first quarter, and we picked up some of that incremental volume during the second quarter of our inventory.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: And Greg, before Russia puts this temporary ban into place, you know, there was some loose bounce off the bottom in the late quarter prices from whatever it is, 16 to 17, I don’t know how accurate these spot prices we monitor are anyway, but could Russia you know, kind of pre-buying or adding to inventories before announcing this ban, or is that to --?
Unidentified company participant: Well, you’re a suspicious soul, John.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: Yeah, that’s me.
Unidentified company participant: You know, the sales volume on the street in Russia actually was picking up, there’s no question. I think it was fuelled by the lower prices you know, more of a consumer benefit. We were seeing the inventories on the ground in Russia actually improving, so you know, we do believe that a part of this is just simply the improved circumstances in Russia. We will have to watch this little certificate related interruption, but it was seemingly improving as were pricing, improving.
Unidentified company participant: And I think the response from the ministry over in Russia was a quick response to tell you what their intent was.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: And what do you think of my last question, what do you think -- you know, I was thrilled to see a softer executive having known a few of them in my day, all of them seem to be extremely well qualified, but there’s just one or two you think weight could add for Tyson, what would you say it would be?
John Tyson: I think you know, our financial group and what Dennis and his team has done have been more than outstanding. I think you know, if you look at the areas that we’ve talked about trying to make progress, and he has been overseas for eight to ten years, he has a great understanding of the complexities of financing and bringing business, consumer insights, how do you take the data that you have, mine it a little bit harder, so you understand some things a little bit deeper, and then we hope to maybe use some of the expertise in some systems that can be brought in to better use the knowledge that exists and is coming -- forget how to mine it better than that, so I would say the international and the mining of the current data we’ve got a little bit harder, a little bit deeper, a little bit faster.
John Mcmillin - Prudential: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christine McCracken. Your line is open; please state your company name.
 Christine McCracken - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.: FTN Midwest.
John Tyson: Hi Christine.
 Christine McCracken - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.: Good morning. Just looking then at current production of chicken and beef for the industry, we are looking at, I think total production of chicken up 5% currently, beef here to date I think is up 8% to 9%, is it still your expectation to gain share as your holding chicken production somewhat flat? How would you maneuver around that?
Unidentified company participant: On the chicken one you know, one of the things we’ve already worked hard at is, what would be, what we call being one chicken short, so as we need raw material out there in the market place we go out and buy from other producers and this gets shared earlier, our focus is on increasing market share in the value-added products and the right products, so as we have the opportunity we can be in the market place buying other peoples’ excess raw material, bring it into our value-added mix, and it allows us to go after market share. Dick, on the beef number, do you want to --?
 Richard L. Bond : Well Christine, I mean, as it generally happens, when you get into May, June and July, those are generally three of your higher capacity utilization, higher output type months, and you saw the process sorted from last week, it grew substantially over the week before. So I mean, we are having record cattle, so it is a function of what’s going to come to market, so supplies are going to be higher, and all we are going to do is get our fair share on the beef side. If I go back to the chicken side, your 5% number, I’d believe is a historic number, meaning that there are changes in the works that had been announced by several of our competitors that in the coming months, those numbers are not going to be anywhere near as high as what has historically taken place over the course of the last couple of months. It takes time to make those cuts effective. So I personally believe that by the time that we get through May and June as an example, that there won’t be an increase, there will be a slight decline in output, because that’d be through weight and/or heads?
Unidentified company participant: And the USDA numbers have been under 100% for the last three weeks.
 Christine McCracken - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.: Right, and at the same time they’re expanding the breeding herd, and the flock, and we are getting rather significant productivity improvements, and the new genetics that they’re introducing in the chicken industry seem to be I guess, growing the supply of white meat. So I guess you know, even if you keep the flock size somewhat flat, which it doesn’t appear to be happening at this point, if you make some cuts I guess, temporarily you’re still getting huge productivity improvements. Is that not fair? I mean, even if you cut back weight?
Greg W. Lee: Christine, let me comment just a little bit on the breeding stock, this is Greg. I believe we are going to start seeing some moderation on the breeding stock placement as well and the economics being what they are, the discipline that you’re seeing in the numbers, we believe will go forward. You are right, we have a very productive industry and the breeding stock on the ground if fully utilized, it suggests bigger numbers, but you got that now too and you’re not seeing them.
 Christine McCracken - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.: All right, and just in terms of your expectations I guess, in your comment -- your press release out today, you say that the impact of the oversupply of protein is expected to diminish in the second half of the year, and yet you’re looking for rather sizable increases in beef. I think to your comment Dick, at least over the summer, how is that we are going to get an improvement in price if we get such you know, big increases in beef suppliers over the summer?
Richard L. Bond: Well, you’re going to have increase in supplies, which -- really, I’m referring -- I mean, we have seen the seasonal rise like we generally do for Mother’s Day and for Memorial Day on the tenders, and the strips, and the ribbies and all those items that are basically state-based, we are already at relatively high levels and they have gone up substantially in the last you know, ten days or so. Once both the retailer and the food service operators thought it was the time to start buying those items. So that’s where the price increase is coming from. The big advantage for us is going to be in the spread. I mean, we’ve seen cattle decline from $94 to $79 this past week, and typically when that happens we are able to hold on to a little bit more of those spread dollars, which we are already seeing that effect, so the beef while we will have more supply, don’t forget, we have been at a record low supply of beef all through ‘05 and you know, the herd is rebuilding, so you are going to see a little bit more beef, but beef hasn’t been, quite frankly, where the majority of overabundance has been, it’s been more in chicken, turkey and pork.
 Christine McCracken - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.: I guess, in terms of your export demand that could take some of that increase, it sounds like South Korea might open some time this summer, and Japan possibly later in the year, but at the same time it sounds like this morning when your plants got shut down to Taiwan, which apparently is now your largest market for exports, could you talk about kind of what you’re seeing on the export side?
 Greg W. Lee : No, we are not seeing any kind that we can absolutely point to that tells us the date when we are going to see either South Korea or Japan open. Like all others to follow the industry, see these ongoing discussions, we see certain amount of progress perhaps, evidence, maybe more evident in the South Korea and we think potentially it will open even before Japan, but you know, trying to forecast when that’s going to happen, we don’t have very good track record.
Unidentified company participant: -- From South Korea.
Greg W. Lee: They’re coming to visit the location, so you know, yes, we are hopeful before the end of the year, those markets will reopen, but you know again, we are not doing very good at forecasting that.
Unidentified company participant: Christine, I mean, we did, you’re right. Our Liechtenstein plant did get de-listed. Hence part of the problems with some of the negotiations that have been going on, when you have a zero tolerance and they find one little bone fragment they de-list the plant. Cargill had one, Swift had one. I mean, this is part of the things that we as an industry are trying to get our negotiators from the USDA when dealing and trying to set up these programs, there has got to be some reasonableness in them. So, really quite frankly, as an industry, we are probably slowing down some of these negotiations a little, trying to end up with a more reasonable outcome so that we can continue to ship whether that’d be to South Korea or to Mainland China or to Hong Kong or to Taiwan.
John Tyson: You know, there’s a theory of putting commonsense into these negotiations escape some of our trading partners.
Christine McCracken - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.: Fair enough. So 9% more beef or something less, maybe over the balance of the year, but no real movement on the export side? Is that kind of what you’re looking at? Do you think the market should be able to grow about that increase?
Unidentified company participant: Well, the market is going to have to absorb it, because I don’t personally see any major impact coming from exports any time in the very, very near term.
Unidentified company participant: And even if those doors are opened up, the ability to get back market share will probably take a little bit longer just because we have been out of the market for you know, two plus years, so the ability to rebuild the pipeline and the channel will take time and effort.
Christine McCracken - FTN Midwest Securities Corp.: All right, I’ll leave it there, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Ramey. Your line is open, please state your company name.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co: Good morning. D. A Davidson. Just back to the chicken volume subject for a moment. Did you actually -- did you buy any product in the quarter to sort of take advantage of the market share opportunities or were you pretty neutral on it?
Unidentified company participant: Well, that’s ongoing. I mean, some weeks we buy, some weeks we don’t. As we move into the seasonal opportunities, we usually buy more products than we are, so --
Unidentified company participant: Some Tim, but not a whole lot, it really is more around sizing of certain items that we might be short of for certain key customers, but by and large, we did not buy a tremendous amount of raw material on the outside during Q2.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co: Got it. And will the current May day issues -- can you give us a bottom line on whether you think that’s a negative or a positive for the current quarter? And I assume you’ve shut down on a lot of the plants as of today.
Unidentified company participant: Well, as the first press release said, in some of our pork and beef plants, we’ve adjusted production for the week, so instead of running Monday through Friday we will run Tuesday through Saturday, and those were the adjustments we made.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co: So fairly neutral for the quarter?
Unidentified company participant: Yeah, I mean, we will makeup Monday in the beef and pork plants that were out today, we will work Saturday this week. Actually I think its if anything, it’s a slight positive because I don’t expect the slaughter to date to be much over 50,000 on the beef and 170,000 on the pork.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co: Yeah. And as we look at the business shift into longer term food service fixed price sub contract, should we worry about a risk of you sort of locking things that you know, with low prices now or will you continue to cover you know, fix the margin on that products?
Unidentified Company Participant: We are taking a very disciplined approach to make sure that, that doesn’t happen.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay, glad to hear it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney. Your line is open, please state your company name.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Good morning, it’s Wachovia. Dick, you had made some nice closings on the beef industry and have showed some leadership here, but you know, we are not seeing too many examples of folks following. You know, can you just give us a sense from your experience you know, what do you think folks are going to follow as far as taking some capacity out of the beef industry and are you hearing rumblings of that competitively?
Richard L. Bond: Well, there has been a few closings as I recall, I think there’s actually nine including our two that have taken place. You know, one of our major competitors, Swift, if you’ll recall, about a year ago now, went to one shift out in Greeley, Colorado. You know, I can’t tell you if there’s going to be any more. It would appear that you know, we probably weathered the worst part of the storm in that the herd is starting to rebuild, so I mean, I can’t tell you that I see a whole lot more plant closures taking place here. The advantage that we got from our consolidation because it was kind of timed with our Dakota City new processing floor, we are going to gain some tremendous efficiencies from doing what we do.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. And Dick, you’ve been great about giving us details on staff utilization. You said you mentioned 71 in the quarter, 75 coming out, you know, towards the end of the quarter in beef. You know, could you give us a ballpark of you know, after the cost reduction that you’ve taken out, where in the ballpark, we need to see that number to be guys you know, to be making money?
Richard L. Bond: Well, historically, we’ve always felt that as long as we got to that 80 plus mark. And this time, or some time this summer and for a good chunk of the summer, we ought to be well above that 80 percent mark. That’s kind of the mark that we really need to be at, is above 80 percent from a capacity utilization standpoint.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. And just one follow up. John, you mentioned in response to a question about you know, the competitive market place that would exist in Japan should we you know, should the United States be able to reintroduce beef there. Could you talk a little bit more about that? And do you think there’s still you know, major place for US beef despite the logistical and challenges? How quickly could we get a major share of that Japanese market back you know, having been out of the market place?
John Tyson: Well, I think you know, trade relations you know, come and go and disruptions are part of the game. There is a desire for USB, if it’s a customer base, it’s always preferred USB, whether it’s in the, you know, bold type industry you’re adjusting your cuts and you know, Australia is starting to be tight on beef over there, and Brazil has got some health issues, so it’s just a matter of getting the channels open. We have a historical relationships with key customers. Those key customers are buying some of our chicken products and some of our pork products today, so getting beef back into that flow would be just a matter of the country of Japan saying yes to this, but yeah.
Unidentified Company Participant: That’ll be easier in South Korea because hopefully, the restrictions on agencies at 30 months in South Korea will be a lot better than Japan at 20 months. You still have very few cattle that qualify in Japan. So Japan is going to be harder, I think not so much from a customer perspective, because I think we can regain it faster there from a customer perspective, it’s just qualifying the right kind of cattle to be able to export to Japan.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. Greg, finally we you know, we saw the more substantial closure at the Russian chicken market. Back in 2002 to start with, it is kind of administrative, at least ostensibly administrative move. You know, can you give us -- I know it’s early and I know you’re not a trade official, but can you give us a sense what the difference is this time -- it seems like you know, you have a group still pretty confident that is going to blow over much more quickly than it did back in ‘02.
Greg W. Lee: Well, I think you know, about all you can deal with is that the official information that you have in hand, and I think the Minister of Agriculture, very straightforward in what he said, so at this juncture, that plus the fact that they continue to accept products, the fact that we can continue to load ship as they publicly announced that they’re going to begin to reissue import certificates. You know, we are operating all the information that we have in hand both officially and from what we hear back from the street. And as in any other situation, we will simply have to monitor it but that’s the knowledge that we have at this juncture.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Katzman, your line is open, please state your company name.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning. Deutsche Bank. Dick you know, I didn’t follow IBP before Tyson acquired the company. Was the worst margins that you saw during your years there, operating margins?
Richard L. Bond: 1991; $0.03 a share.
Eric Katzman, Deutsche Bank Securities : I meant more of like -- you guys reported 5% negative margin in the quarter. How does that $0.03 share translate, do you know?
Richard L. Bond: This quarter just ended --
Eric Katzman, Deutsche Bank Securities: But you lost $143 million with a negative 5% operating margin and I’m kind of wondering, during the worst of the trough that you’ve seen over various cycles, was it negative 7% operating margin, negative 3%, or just kind of give me a sense. Maybe there’s another way of looking at it like loss per head or something. But where are we relative to you know, the worst parts of the trough?
Richard L. Bond: Second quarter was, without a doubt, the worst part of any trough that I can remember.
Eric Katzman, Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, all right. Second question is, I think that John at a public conference or a competitor’s conference, you had mentioned that you were starting to see a rebound in demand for chicken out of Russia, post-AI. I think some other companies had made comments about recovery in places like Turkey. Can you kind of update us on at least internationally, what improvements we may be seeing, particularly as you kind of move towards the West of Europe, because that seems to have been -- I guess, more of a difficulty.
Greg W. Lee: Eric, this is Greg. What we have seen in Russia is just, as you’ve mentioned Russia first is, as we moved into second quarter, we saw demand increasing, we saw sales on the street improving volumetrically, we saw the inventories in Russia you know, owned by the Russian businessman, we saw improvements in those inventories and interest in acquiring replacement product expand. We saw the price on the street move out of its trough and begin to improve, so that’s fundamentally just from a kind of a general numbers perspective, at the Russian perspective. If you look at countries like -- areas of the world like the Middle East where we basically had very, very little demand, whatsoever, over there as a result of the AI -- very minimal AI outbreak that they had in the general reason. There was a consumer scare, they had inventories, demand plummeted and they had to work through their inventories. Now what we are seeing is demand improving, they’re not having repeated outbreaks, they haven’t had any you know, human health issues of any scale, whatsoever. So the information that we are being given that is, demand is improving and that has manifested itself from the fact that we are receiving orders, have orders on hand and shipments headed in that direction. With regard to Western Europe, very quickly simply say that we believe you’ve seen the troughs in the consumer demand for chicken in the Western Europe, and it appears to be improving. Most of this AI deal, if you watch it very, very closely, it is not really moving and any evidence that we could see, the outbreaks things that have slowed down -- you can clearly have some more outbreaks and you’re not seeing anything moving towards a human health dealing scale.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then Dennis, I think you had said in the outlook that shares outstanding, you should $346 million, but in answer in relation to John Mcmillin’s question earlier, I think you said that the 346 was closed by a loss in the quarter. So, does that mean that we should assume that we should use 346 because you’re going to produce the loss for the rest of the year? I mean, I don’t see how that makes sense?
Dennis Leatherby: That requires to take out any anti-diluted shares when we have a year-to-date loss, and so that’s why we’ve changed our numbers for this quarter. When we get to the third quarter we will see what that number is.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then I guess, last question; when you setup these -- I guess, contracted food service pricing accounts on chicken and it’s generally kind of -- it’s been a cost plus. How frequently did those kind of get re-priced and is it you know, during the period where there’s such over-supply as to date, do you tend to try to back off for some of these contracts or really you’re just ambivalent, because it really is just cost-plus?
John Tyson: Eric, some of them are cost plus, some of them are fixed price, and generally those contracts, if you recall, are kind of late fall -– late October, November, early December types of timing on most of them, and most of them generally are for a year in duration. A lot of them you know, often at times don’t take effect until a couple of months after they’ve been negotiated, but you know, we are kind of in the middle of those fixed contracts now. Not in the middle of negotiating, but by and large, they’ll come up again next October, November, and December. We are really not trying to necessarily add –- certainly not add anymore at extremely low breast meat levels, so I mean, we are just dealing with those fixed contracts as a normal course of business, not really trying to do more or less; just managing what we have.
Unidentified Company Participant: Okay.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Zaslow. Your line is open, please say are company name.
Kenneth Zaslow - Harris Nesbitt: Harris Nesbitt, good morning everyone.
Unidentified Company Participant: Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow - Harris Nesbitt: Believe it or no, I still have some questions. Can you talk about the promotional activity at retailers, and how it’s going to swap this summer between chicken and beef?
Unidentified Company Participant: I don’t think there will be a swap between chicken and beef, but you’ll just see an addition of beef, and so you’ll see more protein promotion, and the continuous promotion, so one week; chicken maybe the next week beef you know, and so it’s not a swap as much as it is an addition of getting beef back into the rotation.
Kenneth Zaslow - Harris Nesbitt: Okay. And Dick, I think you said that the third quarter for chicken is going to get worse than what we are in now, so although you were positive there’s probably some more downside in the third quarter. Is that the right interpretation?
Richard L. Bond: That’s correct.
Kenneth Zaslow - Harris Nesbitt: Okay. And in terms of the over-abundance, I know you touched on a little bit in terms demand size. Has there been any rebound in the you know, Russian market in terms of demand. Can you talked to you know, how bird flu has actually affected demand, and if there has been any you know, rebound or has it been localized, has it expanded, can you just touch on that, for chicken?
Richard L. Bond: Okay. Ma’am, we must have some trouble on what we are saying getting out to everybody. The Russian market place based on the evidence that we have in hand through the quarter, and most recent is volume, was beginning to improve. Inventories on the ground in Russia were beginning to improve, and the street price in Russia was beginning to improve, and that has manifested itself with over -– excuse me, order flow from here to there, improving. We are also we are seeing improvement in China. Back out there, like I mentioned in my prepared remarks that our volumes of sales in country and China had responded to historical levels. As I think you know, one thing is talking about kind of the macro chicken supply you know, we’ve talked about the numbers that we are seeing in US showing somewhat more discipline, and we are pleased see that. I think many who happened to follow closely know that our biggest competitor in the international environment for exports; Brazil has taken some very aggressive cuts that takes the chicken off of the international marketplace and we hope that will help the aggregate world price overtime.
Kenneth Zaslow - Harris Nesbitt: What is your estimate on how much Brazil is touching in production?
Unidentified Company Participant: Well they are -- they have talked -- based on the numbers that we have seen on the total numbers of chickens, this is about 15% number.
Kenneth Zaslow - Harris Nesbitt: Is that the -- entire Brazilian industry or is that just for the export type?
Unidentified Company Participant: They are published data on large chickens produced.
Kenneth Zaslow - Harris Nesbitt: Right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Pablo Zuanic, your line is open. Please state your company name.
 Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: J.P. Morgan. Good morning everyone.
John Tyson: Good morning Pablo.
 Pablo Zuanic, J.P. Morgan: Just a last question on beef. I’m just trying to understand here, you know, the second quarter of ’06 with second quarter of ’05, correct me if I’m wrong, there is more cattle over there year-over-year, live cattle prices are lower, so you have better capacity utilization. So the main reason for the much worse economics has to be lower domestic prices and I’m probably stating the obvious but if that’s the case that was caused mainly by the chicken side. So is it fair to say that, that’s been the main root of the problem in beef and as chicken prices begin to recover, you should get back more in to what was the first half of ’05 levels in beef. Because you know, these markets are just as bad or maybe even slightly better year-in-year, cattle supplies are better year-and-year and the capacity of utilization is probably better?
John Tyson: All what you have said is true. Just remember that the Q2 is January, February and March and we really still had very tight cattle supplies and also a relatively high cattle price during those three months. The decline in cattle prices is really beginning in the third quarter -- most of the decline has taken place in April. So we still had short supply, high prices, high and large for the most of that second quarter period.
Pablo Zuanic, J.P. Morgan: I understand that we are comparing the second quarter of the last year and it’s like it’s for something like Canada, I mean how much of the delta was caused by Canada, obviously the EBIT in Canada fell, how much was that?
John Tyson: I don’t have that number right off the top of my head.
Pablo Zuanic, J.P. Morgan: Okay, we are again just already seeing some point, so -- so the main -- if you have to choose one factor, that was the biggest difference between second quarter of ’06 and second quarter of ’05 would have been the -- both these prices were lot lower that everything else actually moved in your favor?
John Tyson: Box beef prices compared to live cattle prices, our spread was reduced in second quarter and if you want to say what the main reasons for that was, it was probably an over abundance of supply of chicken and pork.
Pablo Zuanic, J.P. Morgan: Right, so bottom line that there has to be -- you are expecting an improvement there, you are saying for the second half. So in that regard beef should be getting better than what we seen in second quarter of ’05, is that fair?
John Tyson: Probably that, I can’t remember exactly what the -- what our results were in Q3 and Q4 of ’05, but yeah, supplies will be greater and results should be better, spreads should be more positive.
 Pablo Zuanic, J.P. Morgan: Again the last question, when we are looking at cattle and feed numbers, yes I have had a 7% - 8% but, you know, the cattle inventories had -- its been increasing only about 1% base, eventually cattle and feed has to be going to line with cattle inventories, right. So you are going to get a good summer, because of this scenario and at the end because we are increasing cattle and feed, but by the later part of the calendar year, cattle inventories growing at only 1% base is not going to help much. Is that -- I mean it is positive but it’s not a -- it’s not the same as 8% growth. Is that a concern?
John Tyson: It’s always a concern, but for 1%, you know, change in cattle inventories, you know, you are only going to get 1% to 2% change in cattle inventories, as we go from the low point back up to the high point, that’s why it takes you know, four or five years of continued growth in the herd to go from that 31.5 up to the 35 million head. So, well yes, it is a concern, you are still going to see that number increase 1% to 2%. The 7% to 9% is a more short-term effect based on the summer time months and you are exactly right. The numbers will come back down but historically that is what happens as you get out of the summer into the late fall, the demand and the supply do seem to you know, get a little bit more in line, the supply will drop back but it will still be 1% to 2% higher than the previous year.
 Pablo Zuanic, J.P. Morgan: Okay and just one last question, if I look at you know, chicken prices is going down from $0.50 per pound to $0.15, if you had to do a post mortem, would you say it was more supply related at the end of the day, than really export market related, I mean is there a way to try to quantify that?
John Tyson: I think, you can’t completely segregate all of those factors. Clearly your international demand hit up a very rough spot and that back product into the domestic market, a domestic market that already had too much protein. So, you are right and you are right.
 Pablo Zuanic, J.P. Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: We have no further questions.
John Tyson: Once again, thank you all. Thank you all for your questions, trying to understand our company better and taking the information and share it in the marketplace. To the Tyson team members who have been on the call, we appreciate what you’ve done for us, we appreciate your hard work and we thank you that, and to our shareholders and to our friends that support our company. Have a great summer.
